I was faint, even fainter than the hateful modernity of that accursed city had made me.
Alien it indeed was to all art and literature which sane and balanced readers know, but we recognised it as the thing hinted of in the forbidden Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred; the ghastly soul symbol of the corpse eating cult of inaccessible Leng, in Central Asia.
And when the day dawned, rosy and effulgent, I beheld the green shore of far lands, bright and beautiful, and to me unknown.
In the chaos of sliding, shifting earth I clawed and floundered helplessly till the rain on my head steadied me and I saw that I had come to the surface in a familiar spot; a steep unforested place on the southwest slope of the mountain.
War and revolution were raging across the seas; a dynasty had collapsed, and its degenerate subjects were flocking with dubious intent to the Western Land.
It must not be fancied that Inspector Legrasse had the least interest in archaeology.
He was good for nothing that morning, and stayed away from all his classes.
His build and lower facial features were like other clergymen I had seen, but he had a vastly higher forehead, and was darker and more intelligent looking also more subtly and concealedly evil looking.
Then courage returned, and I scraped away more dirt in the light of the electric torch I had provided.
Books like Ignatius Donnelly's chimerical account of Atlantis he absorbed with zest, and a dozen obscure precursors of Charles Fort enthralled him with their vagaries.
The moribund hermit's rage and fear, swelling to grotesque proportions, seemed likely to shatter what remained of his failing physique; and once a spasm caused him to clap his hands to his eyes and rush into the bathroom.
He awaked on the morning of the nd with a pain in his left wrist, and saw that his cuff was brown with dried blood.
Accordingly I continued my experiments, though informing no one of their nature.
That was the first time he had ever been able to revive the quality of rational thought in a corpse; and his success, obtained at such a loathsome cost, had completely hardened him.
The interruption was not produced by my fright, nor by the rapidly increasing storm amidst whose fury I was presently to open my eyes on a smoky solitude of blackened ruins.
Seems that human folks has got a kind o' relation to sech water beasts that everything alive come aout o' the water onct, an' only needs a little change to go back agin.
When near the front door he seemed to think of something, and turned back in his flight, finally disappearing down the stairs to the cellar.
Soon they became excessively numerous, like impious catacombs of nameless menace; and their pungent odour of decay grew quite unbearable.
What do we know, he had said, of the world and the universe about us?
He was, in all his gradations of morbidity between the frankly non human and the degradedly human, establishing a sardonic linkage and evolution.
The sound of waterfalls became more and more distinct, and presently I saw a fairly deep river gorge ahead, spanned by a wide, iron railed highway bridge beyond which a large square opened out.
The centuried, tottering houses on both sides seemed alive with a fresh and morbid malignity as if some hitherto closed channel of evil understanding had abruptly been opened.
As the weeks passed, I observed with regret that my new friend was indeed slowly but unmistakably losing ground physically, as Mrs. Herrero had suggested.
They found Gilman on the floor of his queerly angled old garret room long before dawn, for the terrible cry had brought Desrochers and Choynski and Dombrowski and Mazurewicz at once, and had even wakened the soundly sleeping Elwood in his chair.
An' the smell was awful, like what it is araound Wizard Whateley's ol' haouse. . .
Then the voice of Warren in a pitch of wilder consternation: Carter for the love of God, put back the slab and get out of this if you can Quick leave everything else and make for the outside it's your only chance Do as I say, and don't ask me to explain I heard, yet was able only to repeat my frantic questions.
After the first start, he replaced the tissue wrapping around the portrait, as if to shield it from the sordidness of the place.
It was a grey, bleak day, with now and then a drizzle of rain; and heavier and heavier clouds seemed to be piling themselves up beyond the hills to the northwest.
Where if anywhere had he been on those nights of daemoniac alienage?
These responses from aesthetes told a disturbing tale.
Sewers came, but they passed by it.
Of this he had been assured by Frank Elwood, the one fellow student whose poverty forced him to room in this squalid and unpopular house.
My friend had told me of him, and of the impelling fascination and allurement of his revelations, and I burned with eagerness to explore his uttermost mysteries.
I walked rapidly, softly, and close to the ruined houses.
After that I recall running, spade in hand; a hideous run across moon litten, mound marked meadows and through diseased, precipitous abysses of haunted hillside forest; leaping, screaming, panting, bounding toward the terrible Martense mansion.
He walked impassive through the cities of men, and sighed because no vista seemed fully real; because every flash of yellow sunlight on tall roofs and every glimpse of balustraded plazas in the first lamps of evening served only to remind him of dreams he had once known, and to make him homesick for ethereal lands he no longer knew how to find.
I do not believe I need to wait for the full change as most have waited.
Subsequent terror drove them from my mind, but I think the last one, which I repeated, was: Where have you been?
Around its peak the mists play always mournfully, for mists are the memories of the gods, and the gods loved Hatheg Kla when they dwelt upon it in the old days.
It was good theory, but couldn't keep up indefinitely.
Of its nature, and manner of coming into my possession, I cannot speak.
Honest, wholesome structures do not stare at travellers so slyly and hauntingly, and in my genealogical researches I had encountered legends of a century before which biassed me against places of this kind.
Early rising villagers who observed my homeward progress looked at me strangely, and marvelled at the signs of ribald revelry which they saw in one whose life was known to be sober and solitary.
An inappropriate hour, a jarring lighting effect, or a clumsy manipulation of the damp sod, would almost totally destroy for us that ecstatic titillation which followed the exhumation of some ominous, grinning secret of the earth.
Did all of this perilous sense of imminence come from the formulae on the sheets he covered day by day?
The old man was getting hysterical, and I began to shiver with a nameless alarm.
Never a competent navigator, I could only guess vaguely by the sun and stars that I was somewhat south of the equator.
There were only three passengers dark, unkempt men of sullen visage and somewhat youthful cast and when the vehicle stopped they clumsily shambled out and began walking up State Street in a silent, almost furtive fashion.
It made me think illogically of that unpleasantly undulating column on the far off Ipswich road.
An acetylene gas outfit gave the light necessary for work.
Perhaps one reason though it cannot apply to uninformed strangers is that the natives are now repellently decadent, having gone far along that path of retrogression so common in many New England backwaters.
Books and paintings and music came to the houses, and the young men went to the university which rose above the plain to the north.
I have merely set down certain things appealing to me as facts, allowing you to construe them as you will.
In his dream he had heard a scratching and gnawing in the partitions, and thought that someone fumbled clumsily at the latch.
He must sign in his own blood the book of Azathoth and take a new secret name now that his independent delvings had gone so far.
That was Darius Peck, the nonagenarian, whose grave was not far from the tomb.
Several swimmers were still discernible; while on the far black reef I could see a faint, steady glow unlike the winking beacon visible before, and of a curious colour which I could not precisely identify.
And toward the shore on the opposite bank of the river I saw the white belfry surmounting what I took to be the Marsh refinery.
Two Lascar sailors at once helped him to his feet, but before the ambulance could reach him he was dead.
An odd impulse caused me to climb upon the broad slab, extinguish my candle, and lie down within the vacant box.
Death was indeed there.
All this research work required a prodigious supply of freshly slaughtered human flesh and that was why Herbert West had entered the Great War.
Physicians found no adequate cause for the end, and laid it to heart trouble and a weakened constitution.
Would to God I had let them share the search, that I might not have had to bear the secret alone so long; to bear it alone for fear the world would call me mad or go mad itself at the daemon implications of the thing.
Whither he has gone, I do not know; but I have gone home to the pure New England lanes up which fragrant sea winds sweep at evening.
Thar's his head on thet bench, with one arm side of it, an' t'other arm's on the graound side o' the meat block.
Warning me that many of the street signs were down, the youth drew for my benefit a rough but ample and painstaking sketch map of the town's salient features.
Three years later he died.
The newcomer was a thin, dark man of medium height attired in the clerical garb of the Anglican church.
One might easily imagine an alien nucleus of substance or energy, formless or otherwise, kept alive by imperceptible or immaterial subtractions from the life force or bodily tissues and fluids of other and more palpably living things into which it penetrates and with whose fabric it sometimes completely merges itself.
Brown Jenkin, tough of sinew and with four tiny hands of daemoniac dexterity, had been busy while the witch was throttling him, and his efforts had been in vain.
His money and lands were gone, and he did not care for the ways of people about him, but preferred to dream and write of his dreams.
As for the Innsmouth people the youth hardly knew what to make of them.
Neither mania nor degeneracy was visible in that gaze, and I felt beyond a doubt that I was viewing a face behind which lay an active mind of high order.
Joe Slater was indeed awaking, though probably for the last time.
How could he keep himself from going?
I would have to count on sheer speed, and the chance of getting to a window before any hostile forces became coördinated enough to open the right door toward me with a pass key.
Lavinia Whateley had no known husband, but according to the custom of the region made no attempt to disavow the child; concerning the other side of whose ancestry the country folk might and did speculate as widely as they chose.
Idle folk, indeed, said that Kalos conversed with the spirits of the grove, and that his statues were but images of the fauns and dryads he met there for he patterned his work after no living model.
Then one summer there came a philosopher into Kingsport.
Had I not a right to rest till eternity amongst the descendants of Sir Geoffrey Hyde?
He laid a gnarled claw on my shoulder, and it seemed to me that its shaking was not altogether that of mirth.
I dare quote only one paragraph, put into such English as I can make from the awkward Low Latin.
And those who came were never as those who went away; for their accents were coarse and strident, and their mien and faces unpleasing.
After a moment there came another soft rattling, and I knew that the room to the south of me was being entered.
The things we saw were very old and marvellous, or at least they seemed so in the few straggling rays of light by which I viewed them, and I shall never forget the tottering Ionic columns and fluted pilasters and urn headed iron fence posts and flaring lintelled windows and decorative fanlights that appeared to grow quainter and stranger the deeper we advanced into this inexhaustible maze of unknown antiquity.
The following winter brought an event no less strange than Wilbur's first trip outside the Dunwich region.
But before I could investigate there came a third impression which because of its irrationality caused me to doubt the objectivity of anything my senses might record.
Sometimes at twilight the grey vapours of the horizon have parted to grant me glimpses of the ways beyond; and sometimes at night the deep waters of the sea have grown clear and phosphorescent, to grant me glimpses of the ways beneath.
He had chosen the place for purely symbolic and fantastically aesthetic reasons, since most of the interments were of the colonial period and therefore of little use to a scientist seeking very fresh bodies.
I turned it on full in his face, and saw the sallow features glow first with violet and then with pinkish light.
He indeed went so far as to hint of the faint beating of great wings, and of a glimpse of shining eyes and a mountainous white bulk beyond the remotest trees but I suppose he had been hearing too much native superstition.
Close by is a tomb, once beautiful with the sublimest sculptures, but now fallen into as great decay as the house.
Then we reached the crest and beheld the outspread valley beyond, where the Manuxet joins the sea just north of the long line of cliffs that culminate in Kingsport Head and veer off toward Cape Ann.
It must have been frightful I could hear the screams up here in spite of all I was seeing and hearing from another direction, and later it was rather awful to find those empty heaps of clothes around the house.
Mazurewicz was waiting for him at the door, and seemed both anxious and reluctant to whisper some fresh bit of superstition.
If I erred, he was not scholar enough to correct me; for he seemed childishly pleased at my English version.
They were the very old folk who dwelt higher up in the hills and spoke a choppy language which the Vascones could not understand.
An indefinite dampness seemed upon the place, and I marvelled that no fire should be blazing.
They had all kinds o' cities on the sea bottom, an' this island was heaved up from thar.
It took Obed to git the truth aout o' them heathen.
I cannot speak longer, for the body of Joe Slater grows cold and rigid, and the coarse brains are ceasing to vibrate as I wish.
People generally suspected him of knowing something about his mother's disappearance, and very few ever approached his neighbourhood now.
Then he thought he heerd another faint like saound over towards Wizard Whateley's a kinder rippin' or tearin' o' wood, like some big box er crate was bein' opened fur off.
The men from Arkham were undecided what to do.
Among the others he saw Professor Warren Rice and Dr. Francis Morgan, men to whom he had told some of his conjectures and misgivings; and these two he motioned to accompany him inside.
Cable advices from Dunedin report that the Alert was well known there as an island trader, and bore an evil reputation along the waterfront.
The youth's febrile mind, apparently, was dwelling on strange things; and the doctor shuddered now and then as he spoke of them.
So matters went till that night when Williams brought home the infamous Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred.
It was a long dog trot to the ruined station, and the great brick warehouse walls around me seemed somehow more terrifying than the fronts of private houses.
And inside that rusted iron strait jacket lurked gibbering hideousness, perversion, and diabolism.
Thus was I left to ponder on myself as the only human creature within the great fortress, and in my utter solitude my mind began to cease its vain protest against the impending doom, to become almost reconciled to the fate which so many of my ancestors had met.
But of what followed, and of the reason I was found alone and dazed on the edge of the swamp next morning, I must insist that I know nothing save what I have told you over and over again.
Anything my friend may have said or written to the contrary must be erroneous, for I am no man of strength to risk the unmentionable warfare in unmentionable spheres by which alone one might achieve success.
He had not noticed the time on the Kingsport steeple, though he could easily have made it out with his pocket telescope; but he knew his lateness was something very strange and unprecedented.
Something very like fright had come over all the explorers before anything more definite than rock and ooze and weed was seen.
For the squat creatures were mighty in the arts of war, and knew not the scruples of honour which held back our tall, grey eyed men of Lomar from ruthless conquest.
From the hour of the accident till July we drifted constantly to the south, almost without plans and encountering no vessel.
But for one thing Old Bugs would have been an ideal slave to the establishment and that one thing was his conduct when young men were introduced for their first drink.
I thought as I lay there of Denys Barry, and of what would befall that bog when the day came, and found myself almost frantic with an impulse to rush out into the night, take Barry's car, and drive madly to Ballylough out of the menaced lands.
Ahead rose a narrow staircase, flanked by a small door probably leading to the cellar, while to the left and right were closed doors leading to rooms on the ground floor.
He found Old Whateley in a very grave state, with a cardiac action and stertorous breathing that told of an end not far off.
The moon, now near the zenith, shone weirdly and vividly above the towering steeps that hemmed in the chasm, and revealed the fact that a far flung body of water flowed at the bottom, winding out of sight in both directions, and almost lapping my feet as I stood on the slope.
A confusion of associated ideas possessed my brain, leading me to grope back toward the farthest corner of the cellar.
I questioned the nervous Mexican, repeating the sounds I had heard: El coyote?
It was Maurice who, in the poet's st year, secured the adoption of his work as a textbook in the schools of the empire, an honour which proved a fatal tax on the aged rhetorician's emotions, since he passed away peacefully at his home near the church of St. Sophia on the sixth day before the Kalends of September, A.D. , in the nd year of his age.
Three dogs that were with the party had barked furiously at first, but seemed cowed and reluctant when near the glen.
But now, at last, he had not only found an accessible copy but had made it his own at a ludicrously low figure.
I ben callin' this haff hour, an' ye must a heerd me long ago Dun't ye know yer Aunt Marthy's all a fidget over yer bein' off arter dark?
This old man dwells all alone in a very ancient house on Water Street near the sea, and is reputed to be both exceedingly rich and exceedingly feeble; which forms a situation very attractive to men of the profession of Messrs. Ricci, Czanek, and Silva, for that profession was nothing less dignified than robbery.
Pointing to a chair, table, and pile of books, the old man now left the room; and when I sat down to read I saw that the books were hoary and mouldy, and that they included old Morryster's wild Marvells of Science, the terrible Saducismus Triumphatus of Joseph Glanvill, published in , the shocking Daemonolatreia of Remigius, printed in at Lyons, and worst of all, the unmentionable Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred, in Olaus Wormius' forbidden Latin translation; a book which I had never seen, but of which I had heard monstrous things whispered.
Gilman had a constant sense of dread that it might rise to some unbearable degree of intensity during one or another of its obscure, relentlessly inevitable fluctuations.
For it had been a man.
Ceasing my futile and now objectless writhing, I watched the spectators as they viewed the treasure trove, and was permitted to share in their discoveries.
I told you the servants left, but I didn't tell you how.
There had been a gorgeous sunset, and now the moon came up, nearly full and shedding a silver flood over the plain, the distant mountainside, and the curious low mounds that rose here and there.
And ever since that hour, through dull dragging years of greyness and weariness, the philosopher has laboured and eaten and slept and done uncomplaining the suitable deeds of a citizen.
And against the rotting wharves the sea pounded; the secretive, immemorial sea out of which the people had come in the elder time.
The Sphinx is his cousin, and he speaks her language; but he is more ancient than the Sphinx, and remembers that which she hath forgotten.
We never come here at night, and it's only because of his will that we keep it this way.
What if I told you that I've got another studio up there, where I can catch the night spirit of antique horror and paint things that I couldn't even think of in Newbury Street?
Whilst I had hitherto considered this but a natural attribute of a family of short lived men, I afterward pondered long upon these premature deaths, and began to connect them with the wanderings of the old man, who often spoke of a curse which for centuries had prevented the lives of the holders of my title from much exceeding the span of thirty two years.
Romero and I moved without material hesitancy through drifts and down ladders; ever toward the thing that allured us, yet ever with a pitifully helpless fear and reluctance.
For out of an opened door in the Gilman House a large crowd of doubtful shapes was pouring lanterns bobbing in the darkness, and horrible croaking voices exchanging low cries in what was certainly not English.
Later, I thought, they might aid me; but I did not want them then.
This object was the partly crushed skeleton of a huge, diseased rat, whose abnormalities of form are still a topic of debate and source of singular reticence among the members of Miskatonic's department of comparative anatomy.
Whilst they strove to strip from life its embroidered robes of myth, and to shew in naked ugliness the foul thing that is reality, Kuranes sought for beauty alone.
In time he observed a further mystery the tendency of certain entities to appear suddenly out of empty space, or to disappear totally with equal suddenness.
The blood and soul of the people were as the blood and soul of their ancestors who had fashioned The Street.
A purplish darkness, born of nothing more than a spectral deepening of the sky's blue, pressed down upon the rumbling hills.
You know, the curled up paper tacked to that frightful canvas in the cellar; the thing I thought was a photograph of some scene he meant to use as a background for that monster.
Snatches of conversation indicated beyond a doubt that neither Romero nor I had left the bunkhouse during the night; that neither had been awake during the frightful storm which had passed over the Cactus range.
Often I ask myself if it could not all have been a pure phantasm a mere freak of fever as I lay sun stricken and raving in the open boat after my escape from the German man of war.
The column seemed very thin indeed as it plodded dreamily into the gulf.
So thick were the vapours that the way was hard, and though Atal followed on at last, he could scarce see the grey shape of Barzai on the dim slope above in the clouded moonlight.
I guess I done a bit by tellin' Selectman Mowry what I see from the cupalo.
I was glad to see the moonlight again when I emerged from that macabre tunnel.
It was a key a guide to certain gateways and transitions of which mystics have dreamed and whispered since the race was young, and which lead to freedoms and discoveries beyond the three dimensions and realms of life and matter that we know.
This, then, was the former Masonic Hall now given over to a degraded cult.
It's fiendish work, Carter, and I doubt if any man without ironclad sensibilities could ever see it through and come up alive and sane.
Can you dare you go far?
There was nothing within hearing, and nothing in sight save a vast reach of black slime; yet the very completeness of the stillness and the homogeneity of the landscape oppressed me with a nauseating fear.
So The Street drank in the dreams of a young people, and rejoiced as its dwellers became more graceful and happy.
In the days of my grandfather there were many; in the days of my father not so many; and now there are so few that I sometimes feel strangely alone, as though I were the last man on our planet.
Once she hinted to the child Dutee of a somewhat peculiar circumstance in Mercy's last moments, but he had soon forgotten all about it save that it was something peculiar.
These men indeed went to the lake to view Sarnath; but though they found the vast still lake itself, and the grey rock Akurion which rears high above it near the shore, they beheld not the wonder of the world and pride of all mankind.
The only one who would talk was a very aged but normal looking man who lived at the poorhouse on the north rim of the town and spent his time walking about or lounging around the fire station.
The aperture was black with a darkness almost material.
I should not have ventured out that night; for the taint of thunder was in the clouds, and a hellish phosphorescence rose from the rank swamp at the bottom of the hollow.
That is, never no full blooded one.
At twenty he had joined a band of music hall performers, and at thirty six had deserted his wife and child to travel with an itinerant American circus.
The ancient lightning scarred trees seemed unnaturally large and twisted, and the other vegetation unnaturally thick and feverish, while curious mounds and hummocks in the weedy, fulgurite pitted earth reminded me of snakes and dead men's skulls swelled to gigantic proportions.
At the college we used an incinerator, but the apparatus was too costly for our unauthorised laboratory.
Whaddya want, feller booze, coke, or some other sorta dope?
The leaning, unpainted houses grew thicker, lined both sides of the road, and displayed more urban tendencies than did those we were leaving behind.
And they said that from their high tower they sometimes saw lights beneath the waters of the lake.
Then, on Wednesday, the great shock came.
In the end, though, luck favoured us; for one day we heard of an almost ideal case in the potter's field; a brawny young workman drowned only the morning before in Sumner's Pond, and buried at the town's expense without delay or embalming.
But when questioned, Slater relapsed into the habitual vacancy of the mountaineer, and only reiterated what he had said on the preceding day.
The complaining ædile's own mother Helvia was a pure Roman, the daughter of M. Helvius Cinna, who had come over with Scipio's army.
At length the decrepit vehicle started with a jerk, and rattled noisily past the old brick buildings of State Street amidst a cloud of vapour from the exhaust.
They give a sarten number o' young folks to the sea things twict every year May Eve an' Hallowe'en reg'lar as cud be.
He had, though, heard the French Canadian who lodged just under Gilman talking to Mazurewicz one evening.
The talk went on most all night.
So as the hour grew dangerously near to dawn, we did as we had done with the others dragged the thing across the meadows to the neck of the woods near the potter's field, and buried it there in the best sort of grave the frozen ground would furnish.
His Face, too full to be handsom, was likewise marred by the Effects of some scrofulous Disorder; and his Head was continually rolling about in a sort of convulsive way.
They would perhaps be the worst of all Innsmouth types something one would not care to remember.
At length, being avid for new strange things and held back by neither the Kingsporter's fear nor the summer boarder's usual indolence, Olney made a very terrible resolve.
In a squalid thieves' den an entire family had been torn to shreds by an unknown thing which left no trace, and those around had heard all night above the usual clamour of drunken voices a faint, deep, insistent note as of a gigantic hound.
And in front of the fireplace was no vestige of the giant doubled up form in nitre.
He wrote this in a very ancient hand, and when I still hesitated he pulled from his loose robe a seal ring and a watch, both with my family arms, to prove that he was what he said.
He had not known until our hallway conversation that I could overhear his playing in my room, and now asked me if I would arrange with Blandot to take a lower room where I could not hear him in the night.
Gorges and ravines of problematical depth intersect the way, and the crude wooden bridges always seem of dubious safety.
Our men searched him for souvenirs, and found in his coat pocket a very odd bit of ivory carved to represent a youth's head crowned with laurel.
I do not remember many particulars you can imagine my state of mind but it is a vicious lie to say it was Herbert West's body which I put into the incinerator.
A sort of mad eyed monstrosity behind the leader seized on Herbert West.
Gilman tried to stop up the rat hole every day, but each night the real tenants of the partitions would gnaw away the obstruction, whatever it might be.
West of that were the fine old residence streets Broad, Washington, Lafayette, and Adams and east of it were the shoreward slums.
Then he collapsed, an inert mass of mangled flesh.
Finally I summoned up courage and propped the small object up on the table against a book then turned the rays of the peculiar violet light upon it.
It was unspeakably shocking, and I do not see how I lived through it.
All these things, however, the Elder Ones only may decide; and meanwhile the morning mist still comes up by that lonely vertiginous peak with the steep ancient house, that grey low eaved house where none is seen but where evening brings furtive lights while the north wind tells of strange revels.
I am now, however, resolv'd to unburthen myself of a Secret which I have hitherto kept thro' Dread of Incredulity; and to impart to the Publick a true knowledge of my long years, in order to gratifie their taste for authentick Information of an Age with whose famous Personages I was on familiar Terms.
With only a slight churning to mark its rise to the surface, the thing slid into view above the dark waters.
When one came to think of it, it was generally only rather young people who were seen about in public, and of these the oldest were apt to be the most tainted looking.
Atop the tallest of earth's peaks dwell the gods of earth, and suffer no man to tell that he hath looked upon them.
But it was lonely among strangers, so Barry had asked me to come.
The latter sort is splendidly exemplified by a case in the ancient city of Providence, where in the late forties Edgar Allan used to sojourn often during his unsuccessful wooing of the gifted poetess, Mrs. Whitman.
Something like fear chilled me as I sat there in the small hours alone I say alone, for one who sits by a sleeper is indeed alone; perhaps more alone than he can realise.
Despite weakness, hunger, horror, and bewilderment I found myself after a long time able to walk; so started slowly along the muddy road to Rowley.
Jewel Lake, which lay above the scene of action, heaved as in a tempest.
They were a little beyond the Seth Bishop place, but bent trees and hideously unmistakable tracks shewed what had passed by.
Presently the two people simply villagers, apparently farthest in the lead saw me and stood paralysed.
Then he handed the instrument to Morgan, whose sight was keener.
I must have left dust prints in that last old building, revealing how I had gained the street.
The worst thing for a while was keeping Joe Mazurewicz quiet; for the brooding loomfixer would never stay sober, and was constantly whining and muttering about spectral and terrible things.
Gad, I wouldn't be alive if I'd ever seen what that man if he was a man saw You recall that Pickman's forte was faces.
Duty came first; and although there must have been nearly a hundred mongrel celebrants in the throng, the police relied on their firearms and plunged determinedly into the nauseous rout.
What I heard in my youth about the shunned house was merely that people died there in alarmingly great numbers.
Far into the night they discussed, and the next day was a whirlwind of preparation on the part of them all.
Neither he nor his son Archer knew of the shunned house as other than a nuisance almost impossible to rent perhaps on account of the mustiness and sickly odour of unkempt old age.
It was, Johansen said, like a great barn door; and they all felt that it was a door because of the ornate lintel, threshold, and jambs around it, though they could not decide whether it lay flat like a trap door or slantwise like an outside cellar door.
Williams was a dreamer, and only twenty three, and when he moved into the ancient house he felt a strangeness and a breath of cosmic wind about the grey wizened man in the next room.
Certainly, the nerves were recalling the man's last act in life; the struggle to get free of the falling aëroplane.
Studying the grocery youth's map and seeking a route I had not traversed before, I chose Marsh Street instead of State for my approach to Town Square.
Lesser peaks they once inhabited; but ever the men from the plains would scale the slopes of rock and snow, driving the gods to higher and higher mountains till now only the last remains.
Armitage, hastening into some clothing and rushing across the street and lawn to the college buildings, saw that others were ahead of him; and heard the echoes of a burglar alarm still shrilling from the library.
I recall many things of Sam Johnson and his Club, having kept up my Membership in the Latter long after the Doctor's Death, at which I sincerely mourn'd.
I did not strap on the strait jacket as was customary when he slept, since I saw that he was too feeble to be dangerous, even if he woke in mental disorder once more before passing away.
When the crowd was gone I saw the grave bearded man who had brought me to this place standing alone with a lantern.
The picture seared into my soul is of one scene only, and the hour must have been long after midnight; for a waning crescent moon was high in the vaporous heavens.
At home he would pore diligently over the queer pictures and charts in his grandfather's books, while Old Whateley would instruct and catechise him through long, hushed afternoons.
Quickly he said, It's the finish but let's incinerate this.
There were no visible houses, and I could tell by the state of the road that traffic was very light hereabouts.
There was no ship visible, as I had half expected there would be.
Glad to know you, Sheehan, said Trever in a quiet, well bred tone.
He was vastly jealous of Dr. Johnson, tho' none the less liking and respecting him.
After a time the man left me alone in the attic room.
Voodoo orgies multiply in Hayti, and African outposts report ominous mutterings.
I stopped automatically, though lacking the brain to retreat.
We shall swim out to that brooding reef in the sea and dive down through black abysses to Cyclopean and many columned Y'ha nthlei, and in that lair of the Deep Ones we shall dwell amidst wonder and glory for ever.
When I finally found myself adrift and free, I had but little idea of my surroundings.
Of his vast collection of strange, rare books on forbidden subjects I have read all that are written in the languages of which I am master; but these are few as compared with those in languages I cannot understand.
My Arkham born grandmother had seemed strange and almost terrifying to me, and I do not think I grieved when she disappeared.
Nor were there any sea fowl to prey upon the dead things.
No one could read the old writing now, but things were told by word of mouth.
In short, it seemed to my uncle and me that an incontrovertible array of facts pointed to some lingering influence in the shunned house; traceable to one or another of the ill favoured French settlers of two centuries before, and still operative through rare and unknown laws of atomic and electronic motion.
Now if you're game, I'll take you there tonight.
He see enough, I tell ye, Mis' Corey This dun't mean no good, an' I think as all the men folks ought to git up a party an' do suthin'.
I began putting out feelers as we walked along to Water Street and turned southward amidst the omnipresent desolation and crazily tilted ruins, but found that the aged tongue did not loosen as quickly as I had expected.
The wall was high, and all the gates were locked; but moving a pile of boxes in a corner I managed to gain the top and cling to the great stone urn set there.
The fishy odour, dispelled for a moment by some merciful breeze, now closed in again with maddening intensity.
It was not quite dead, but twitched silently and spasmodically while its chest heaved in monstrous unison with the mad piping of the expectant whippoorwills outside.
Out of that dream came rescue the Vigilant, the vice admiralty court, the streets of Dunedin, and the long voyage back home to the old house by the Egeberg.
On neither occasion, though, had Gilman been there and when told of the matter he wondered where he could have been wandering, barefoot and with only his night clothes on.
Can it be possible that this planet has actually spawned such things; that human eyes have truly seen, as objective flesh, what man has hitherto known only in febrile phantasy and tenuous legend?
All, without exception, appeared to deal with black magic in its most advanced and horrible forms; and the evidently recent date of certain items is still a mystery as unsolved as that of the modern human bones.
Queer old duck, though, and sticks mighty close in his home.
Less inexplicable was his fitting up of another downstairs room for his new grandson a room which several callers saw, though no one was ever admitted to the closely boarded upper story.
On August I effected an exit from the U , and laboriously made my way through the ruined and mud choked streets to the ancient river.
Morning after morning he would lie on the cliffs and look over the world's rim at the cryptical aether beyond, listening to spectral bells and the wild cries of what might have been gulls.
And once I walked through a golden valley that led to shadowy groves and ruins, and ended in a mighty wall green with antique vines, and pierced by a little gate of bronze.
Then the moon came out.
All the same his crews ud git a piece an' dispose of it naow and then, even though they was swore to keep quiet; an' he let his women folks wear some o' the pieces as was more human like than most.
I began to speak to Tillinghast, and as I did so all the unusual impressions abruptly vanished.
Baleful primal trees of unholy size, age, and grotesqueness leered above me like the pillars of some hellish Druidic temple; muffling the thunder, hushing the clawing wind, and admitting but little rain.
The bones of the tiny paws, it is rumoured, imply prehensile characteristics more typical of a diminutive monkey than of a rat; while the small skull with its savage yellow fangs is of the utmost anomalousness, appearing from certain angles like a miniature, monstrously degraded parody of a human skull.
Though the man Romero had interested me, and though my ring had affected him peculiarly, I think that neither of us had any expectation of what was to follow when the great blast was set off.
Several times he had actually obtained signs of life in animals supposedly dead; in many cases violent signs; but he soon saw that the perfection of this process, if indeed possible, would necessarily involve a lifetime of research.
To say that we actually believed in vampires or werewolves would be a carelessly inclusive statement.
Their forms vaguely suggested the anthropoid, while their heads were the heads of fish, with prodigious bulging eyes that never closed.
Still I was at a loss to gather the purport of his disconnected speech.
All at once he commenced to mutter, and I did not like the look of his mouth and teeth as he spoke.
I moved my hand to his head, whose mechanical nodding I was able to stop, and shouted in his ear that we must both flee from the unknown things of the night.
On the th, as my impulse to search out the mystery of the temple waxed still more insistent, a great disappointment befell me; for I found that the materials needed to replenish the portable light had perished in the mutiny of those pigs in July.
This is my first experience in a place like this, but I am a student of life, and don't want to miss any experience.
Did they have dogs after all?
So the youth answered: I am Iranon, and come from Aira, a far city that I recall only dimly but seek to find again.
I felt that I had witnessed the death of a whole village, and knew I was alone in the castle with Denys Barry, whose boldness had brought down a doom.
He was more than ordinarily tender hearted, and he did not like the hideous screams he had heard in the ancient house just after the hour appointed for the deed.
A rush of cool air greeted me; and though the day was one of the hottest of late June, I shivered as I crossed the threshold into a large apartment whose rich and tasteful decoration surprised me in this nest of squalor and seediness.
Aghast, I turned to examine the charred and shrivelled figure on the floor.
He thought it rather silly that he bothered to keep on living at all, and got from a South American acquaintance a very curious liquid to take him to oblivion without suffering.
The image on the monolith, of course, was carefully removed and carried back by Legrasse.
The widowed Rhoby Harris never recovered from the shock of her husband's death, and the passing of her first born Elkanah two years later was the final blow to her reason.
It seems that in both instances the dying person, in a gentle old lady named Stafford and in a school teacher of middle age named Eleazar Durfee, became transfigured in a horrible way; glaring glassily and attempting to bite the throat of the attending physician.
Our alarm was now divided, for besides our fear of the unknown, we had always entertained a dread that our grisly collection might be discovered.
Indeed, it was only by accident that after interminable writhings I jarred my forgotten electric lamp alight, so that it shone eerily along the burrow of caked loam that stretched and curved ahead.
A rumbling sound seemed brewing beneath the hills, mixed strangely with a concordant rumbling which clearly came from the sky.
But all this vanished in a second.
Then the lightning flashed again, somewhat brighter than before, and the crowd fancied that it had shewed a certain mistiness around the altar stone on the distant height.
The curtains, still clutched in his right hand as his left clawed out at me, grew taut and finally crashed down from their lofty fastenings; admitting to the room a flood of that full moonlight which the brightening of the sky had presaged.
The sight seemed to displease him, for he began a series of weak curses which ended in a confidential whisper and a knowing leer.
Here the old man faltered, mumbled, and lapsed into a moody and apprehensive silence; glancing nervously over his shoulder and then turning back to stare fascinatedly at the distant black reef.
Occasionally an opposite pair, both leaning forward, almost met across the street like an arch; and certainly they kept most of the light from the ground below.
Simple animals they were, gently descending the evolutionary scale because of their unfortunate ancestry and stultifying isolation.
We know things, he said, only through our five senses or our religious intuitions; wherefore it is quite impossible to refer to any object or spectacle which cannot be clearly depicted by the solid definitions of fact or the correct doctrines of theology preferably those of the Congregationalists, with whatever modifications tradition and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle may supply.
They wondered, too, why the writers made so much of the fact that Old Whateley always paid for his cattle in gold pieces of extremely ancient date.
Eventually there had been a hint of vast, leaping shadows, of a monstrous, half acoustic pulsing, and of the thin, monotonous piping of an unseen flute but that was all.
It was after this that he cultivated deliberate illusion, and dabbled in the notions of the bizarre and the eccentric as an antidote for the commonplace.
He stopped in his tracks then, flailing his arms wildly in the air, began to stagger backward.
There had, Mr. Peabody said, been considerable discussion about the marriage of her father, Benjamin Orne, just after the Civil War; since the ancestry of the bride was peculiarly puzzling.
There was no way the law or anything else could reach the society.
Armington helped Birch to the outside of a spare bed and sent his little son Edwin for Dr. Davis.
Of the distance between the hamlet and the mansion, fully two miles and a quarter on the hamlet's side was entirely open country; the plain being of fairly level character save for some of the low snake like mounds, and having as vegetation only grass and scattered weeds.
This impression was sustained by his frequent references to flying through space and burning all that impeded his progress.
I glanced back at the sea, but there was nothing there.
Queer haow a cravin' gits a holt on ye As ye love the Almighty, young man, don't tell nobody, but I swar ter Gawd thet picter begun ta make me hungry fer victuals I couldn't raise nor buy here, set still, what's ailin' ye?
Wilbur's growth was indeed phenomenal, for within three months of his birth he had attained a size and muscular power not usually found in infants under a full year of age.
Zadok now grew shriller, and seemed to be trying to whip up his courage with louder speech.
His ears were growing sensitive to a preternatural and intolerable degree, and he had long ago stopped the cheap mantel clock whose ticking had come to seem like a thunder of artillery.
I was rather glad to be rid of Müller, for even his silence had unfavourably affected the crew.
There's poetry in this sort of thing, you know or perhaps you don't know, but it's all the same.
Old Bugs, springing up from the crouching position in which he had hitherto been, leaped at the youth and dashed from his hands the uplifted glass, almost simultaneously attacking the tray of bottles and glasses with his mop, and scattering the contents upon the floor in a confusion of odoriferous fluid and broken bottles and tumblers.
Fear has its grisly claws upon him, and a sound will make him start with staring eyes and sweat beaded forehead.
Dunwich folk read the stories when they appeared, and grinned over the obvious mistakes.
With joy the sculptors hailed the Tyrant's offer, so that in the days that followed their slaves heard the ceaseless blows of chisels.
He was puzzled by one thing, a peak of solid matter, protruding above the ocean bed nearly four feet at its apex; about two feet thick, with flat sides and smooth upper surfaces which met at a very obtuse angle.
Dr. Halsey in particular had distinguished himself in sacrificing service, applying his extreme skill with whole hearted energy to cases which many others shunned because of danger or apparent hopelessness.
ten or twenty maouths or trunks a stickin' aout all along the sides, big as stovepipes, an' all a tossin' an' openin' an' shuttin' . . .
The event, under the circumstances, was tremendous; for in the existence of a subterranean space here, my mad theories had terrible confirmation.
Made sign talk as soon as they got over bein' skeert, an' pieced up a bargain afore long.
The place was far from any road, and in sight of no other house, yet precautions were none the less necessary; since rumours of strange lights, started by chance nocturnal roamers, would soon bring disaster on our enterprise.
Wal, all right, ef ye feel that way abaout it.
The insane yarn I was hearing interested me profoundly, for I fancied there was contained within it a sort of crude allegory based upon the strangenesses of Innsmouth and elaborated by an imagination at once creative and full of scraps of exotic legend.
Pausing, I succeeded with difficulty in raising it, whereupon there was revealed a black aperture, exhaling noxious fumes which caused my torch to sputter, and disclosing in the unsteady glare the top of a flight of stone steps.
but God I dare not tell you what I saw . . .
What mainly troubled me was that the myriad footfalls made no sound and set up no echoes.
Next there came to me the impression of light amidst the darkness of dead batteries, and I seemed to see a sort of phosphorescent glow in the water through the porthole which opened toward the temple.
The afflicted man was fully conscious, but would say nothing of any consequence; merely muttering such things as oh, my ankles, let go, or shut in the tomb.
Ibid's masterpiece, on the other hand, was the famous Op.
I told him that I could, and translated for his benefit a paragraph near the beginning.
There is a sense of spectral whirling through liquid gulfs of infinity, of dizzying rides through reeling universes on a comet's tail, and of hysterical plunges from the pit to the moon and from the moon back again to the pit, all livened by a cachinnating chorus of the distorted, hilarious elder gods and the green, bat winged mocking imps of Tartarus.
Curtis, who had held the instrument, dropped it with a piercing shriek into the ankle deep mud of the road.
We knew that there was scarcely a chance for anything like complete success, and could not avoid hideous fears at possible grotesque results of partial animation.
I have looked upon all that the universe has to hold of horror, and even the skies of spring and the flowers of summer must ever afterward be poison to me.
Soon those shrieks had attained a magnitude and quality which cannot be written of, and which make me faint as I think of them.
Had he himself talked as well as walked around the house in his sleep?
I can hardly describe the mood in which I was left by this harrowing episode an episode at once mad and pitiful, grotesque and terrifying.
He had shewn little regret when shut into the barred room at Huntingdon, for his mind moved curiously.
The awful event was very sudden, and wholly unexpected.
Sally she yelled aout, 'O help, the haouse is a cavin' in' . . .
Then I saw a small black aperture, felt a ghoulish wind of ice, and smelled the charnel bowels of a putrescent earth.
That's haow the Kanakys got wind they was daown thar.
The strange things of the past which I learnt during those nocturnal meetings with the dead he dismisses as the fruits of my lifelong and omnivorous browsing amongst the ancient volumes of the family library.
They had torn down the great central chimney, too, and fitted the rusty range with a flimsy outside tin stovepipe.
And overhead, scarce ten degrees from the zenith, glowed that watching Pole Star.
With this friend, Joel Manton, I had often languidly disputed.
There was a brief silence, and in that pause the scattered senses of poor Curtis Whateley began to knit back into a sort of continuity; so that he put his hands to his head with a moan.
In his second son, Nevil, a singularly repellent person who seemed to combine the surliness of Philip Jermyn with the hauteur of the Brightholmes, ran away with a vulgar dancer, but was pardoned upon his return in the following year.
It was long ere any traveller went thither, and even then only the brave and adventurous young men of distant Falona dared make the journey; adventurous young men of yellow hair and blue eyes, who are no kin to the men of Mnar.
Onct I tried suthin' funny here, young Sir, don't git skeert all I done was ter look at the picter afore I kilt the sheep for market killin' sheep was kinder more fun arter lookin' at it  The tone of the old man now sank very low, sometimes becoming so faint that his words were hardly audible.
I dimly wondered how the rhythmic sound had affected the watchman; but Romero was moving more swiftly now, and I followed without pausing.
I will not deny, though my memory is uncertain and indistinct, that this witness of yours may have seen us together as he says, on the Gainesville pike, walking toward Big Cypress Swamp, at half past eleven on that awful night.
The baying was very faint now, and it ceased altogether as I approached the ancient grave I had once violated, and frightened away an abnormally large horde of bats which had been hovering curiously around it.
I paint in the cellar, where the inspiration is thickest, but I've other rooms furnished on the ground floor.
That same night saw the beginning of the second Arkham horror the horror that to me eclipsed the plague itself.
Suddenly the wretch, animated with his last burst of strength, raised his hideous head from the damp and sunken pavement.
Perhaps he held within his own half explored brain that cryptic link which would awaken him to elder and future lives in forgotten dimensions; which would bind him to the stars, and to the infinities and eternities beyond them.
The sky grew very dark, and the watchers hoped that the storm would prove a short, sharp one followed by clear weather.
Some who knew him do not admit that he ever existed.
His day's work was sadly interrupted, and unless chance presently brought some rambler hither, he might have to remain all night or longer.
Little things make considerable excitement in little towns, which is the reason that Kingsport people talked all that spring and summer about the three unidentifiable bodies, horribly slashed as with many cutlasses, and horribly mangled as by the tread of many cruel boot heels, which the tide washed in.
Such madness it was which drove Klenze to his death, bareheaded and unprotected in the ocean; but I am a Prussian and a man of sense, and will use to the last what little will I have.
Through some unprecedented volcanic upheaval, a portion of the ocean floor must have been thrown to the surface, exposing regions which for innumerable millions of years had lain hidden under unfathomable watery depths.
God rest them, if there be any rest in the universe.
As he did this he further demonstrated his eccentricity by casting a startled glance toward the lone curtained window, as if fearful of some intruder a glance doubly absurd, since the garret stood high and inaccessible above all the adjacent roofs, this window being the only point on the steep street, as the concierge had told me, from which one could see over the wall at the summit.
Six years before, in Flanders, a shelled hospital had fallen upon the headless reanimated trunk of Dr. Clapham Lee, and upon the detached head which perhaps had uttered articulate sounds.
Now he seemed to sense the close presence of some terrible part of the intruding horror, and to glimpse a hellish advance in the black dominion of the ancient and once passive nightmare.
Inertia and force of habit, however, caused him to defer action; and he lingered indecisively among thoughts of old times, taking down the strange hangings from his walls and refitting the house as it was in his early boyhood purple panes, Victorian furniture, and all.
Dr. Barnard, who had been watching the patient, thought he noticed in the pale blue eyes a certain gleam of peculiar quality; and in the flaccid lips an all but imperceptible tightening, as if of intelligent determination.
ye yelping dog ye called 'em, and they've come for me Moccasined feet dead men Gad sink ye, ye red devils, but I poisoned no rum o' yours han't I kept your pox rotted magic safe?
Once most of the young men went away, and some never came back.
Furniture, covered by the dust of ages and crumbling with the rot of long dampness, met my eyes.
Within there were carven mantels and graceful stairs, and sensible, pleasing furniture, china, and silver, brought from the Mother Land.
And since spirit, in order to cause all the manifestations attributed to it, cannot be limited by any of the laws of matter; why is it extravagant to imagine psychically living dead things in shapes or absences of shapes which must for human spectators be utterly and appallingly unnamable?
Then came the devastating stroke of lightning which shook the whole mountain, lit the darkest crypts of the hoary grove, and splintered the patriarch of the twisted trees.
He was drowsy near the end, and as darkness fell he dropped off into a troubled sleep.
Meanwhile there grew up about the mansion and the mountain a body of diabolic legendry.
Being without superstition, he did not heed the day at all; though ever afterward he refused to do anything of importance on that fateful sixth day of the week.
Morbid art doesn't shock me, and when a man has the genius Pickman had I feel it an honour to know him, no matter what direction his work takes.
Finally I hired a seedy looking loafer whom I encountered on the corner of Eighth Avenue to keep the patient supplied with ice from a little shop where I introduced him, and applied myself diligently to the task of finding a pump piston and engaging workmen competent to install it.
Ahead was the robed black man he had seen in the peaked space in the other dream, while from a lesser distance the old woman was beckoning and grimacing imperiously.
He cried aloud once, and a little later gave a gasp that was more terrible than a cry.
It was still gruesomely dark when, not much over an hour later, a confused babel of voices sounded down the road.
It was merely that my uncle's facial expression, disturbed no doubt by the strange dreams which our situation prompted, betrayed considerable agitation, and seemed not at all characteristic of him.
A blackened circle on the floor of the ruined cellar told of a violent stroke from the heavens; and from this spot a group of curious villagers with lanterns were prying a small box of antique workmanship which the thunderbolt had brought to light.
Two had been killed; perhaps that had finished it.
Used to be talk of a queer foreign kind of jewellery that the sailors and refinery men sometimes sold on the sly, or that was seen once or twice on some of the Marsh womenfolks.
But keep in mind that I didn't drop Pickman for anything like this.
It was plain that Manton knew more than I, but he told nothing to the puzzled and interested physicians till he had learned what our injuries were.
What I did there I may not say, for I am not now sure of the reality of certain things; but I know that on the day after such a nocturnal ramble I would often astonish those about me with my knowledge of topics almost forgotten for many generations.
After a time I seemed to hear the stairs and corridors creak at intervals as if with footsteps, and wondered if the other rooms were beginning to fill up.
Something beyond their experience was evidently confronting them, for so far as they could ascertain, the void below was infinite.
The old Captain's ben dead these sixty years, and there ain't ben a good sized ship out of the place since the Civil War; but just the same the Marshes still keep on buying a few of those native trade things mostly glass and rubber gewgaws, they tell me.
As my grand uncle's heir and executor, for he died a childless widower, I was expected to go over his papers with some thoroughness; and for that purpose moved his entire set of files and boxes to my quarters in Boston.
Then the three of us dragged from another room a wide four poster bedstead, crowding it laterally against the window.
From such books I learned all that I know.
Who can be sure of reality after hearing things like the tale of old Zadok Allen?
The cracked lips tried to frame words which I could not well understand.
And for seventeen years after that West would look frequently over his shoulder, and complain of fancied footsteps behind him.
Suddenly Romero leaped from his bunk; pausing before me to gaze at the strange ring on my hand, which glistened queerly in every flash of lightning, and then staring intently in the direction of the mine shaft.
No, it was not there, but there was the big silver key he had found in a box somewhere.
Not but what I think it's the Lord's jedgment fer our iniquities, that no mortal kin ever set aside. Armitage saw that the time for positive action had come, and spoke decisively to the faltering group of frightened rustics.
This bower was my temple, the fastened door my shrine, and here I would lie outstretched on the mossy ground, thinking strange thoughts and dreaming strange dreams.
In the end the three men from Arkham old, white bearded Dr. Armitage, stocky, iron grey Professor Rice, and lean, youngish Dr. Morgan ascended the mountain alone.
At this point the first excited speaker interrupted.
Four days later, whilst we were both in the hidden museum, there came a low, cautious scratching at the single door which led to the secret library staircase.
A sad faced woman in black answered my summons, and I was stung with disappointment when she told me in halting English that Gustaf Johansen was no more.
Yes the odour was the same as that which had sickened him at the Whateley farmhouse less than three years before.
Worst of all, though, is the shrivelling of old fears in the hearts of Kingsport's young men, who grow prone to listen at night to the north wind's faint distant sounds.
When a gen'l'man wants tuh take a drink here, by God, he shall, without you interferin'.
Haow'd ye like to be a little shaver alone up in a cupalo a watchin' shapes as wa'n't human shapes? . . .
And Kuranes saw that he need not tremble lest the things he knew be vanished; for even the sentries on the ramparts were the same, and still as young as he remembered them.
As I crawled into the stranded boat I realised that only one theory could explain my position.
The Deep Ones could never be destroyed, even though the palaeogean magic of the forgotten Old Ones might sometimes check them.
The citizens talked with one another of the affair, and marvelled not a little.
And because mere walls and windows must soon drive to madness a man who dreams and reads much, the dweller in that room used night after night to lean out and peer aloft to glimpse some fragment of things beyond the waking world and the greyness of tall cities.
I wondered for a moment what the strange affliction of this man might be, and whether his obstinate refusal of outside aid were not the result of a rather baseless eccentricity.
The rats must have bitten him as he slept, giving rise to the climax of that frightful dream.
Them things never died excep' they was kilt violent.
No flimsy creations were these houses, for they were made to serve many a generation.
One afternoon there was a discussion of possible freakish curvatures in space, and of theoretical points of approach or even contact between our part of the cosmos and various other regions as distant as the farthest stars or the trans galactic gulfs themselves or even as fabulously remote as the tentatively conceivable cosmic units beyond the whole Einsteinian space time continuum.
The few callers at the house would often find Lavinia alone on the ground floor, while odd cries and footsteps resounded in the boarded up second story.
But I do not think my life will be long.
And now for the first time my memory records verbal discourse, Warren addressing me at length in his mellow tenor voice; a voice singularly unperturbed by our awesome surroundings.
It was strange, they said amongst themselves, that depression should thus seize one with so great a chance to win art's loftiest reward.
When Professor Angell became convinced that the sculptor was indeed ignorant of any cult or system of cryptic lore, he besieged his visitor with demands for future reports of dreams.
The officials devised excuses not to enter the noisome boarded place; and were glad to confine their survey of the deceased's living quarters, the newly mended sheds, to a single visit.
He told me it was an old German viol player, a strange dumb man who signed his name as Erich Zann, and who played evenings in a cheap theatre orchestra; adding that Zann's desire to play in the night after his return from the theatre was the reason he had chosen this lofty and isolated garret room, whose single gable window was the only point on the street from which one could look over the terminating wall at the declivity and panorama beyond.
But during the dreams they did not horrify me at all I was one with them; wearing their unhuman trappings, treading their aqueous ways, and praying monstrously at their evil sea bottom temples.
And old folk tell of pleasing voices heard singing there, and of laughter that swells with joys beyond earth's joys; and say that at evening the little low windows are brighter than formerly.
This I ask myself, but ever does there come before me a hideously vivid vision in reply.
I have said that I awaked suddenly and in alarm.
After a full two hours Dr. Davis left, urging Birch to insist at all times that his wounds were caused entirely by loose nails and splintering wood.
In every quarter, however, interest was intense; for the utter alienage of the thing was a tremendous challenge to scientific curiosity.
My uncle, as he gasped and tossed in increasing perturbation and with eyes that had now started open, seemed not one but many men, and suggested a curious quality of alienage from himself.
Eh ya ya ya yahaah e'yayayayaaaa . . .
When, after infinities of chaos, the first men came, the Great Old Ones spoke to the sensitive among them by moulding their dreams; for only thus could Their language reach the fleshly minds of mammals.
If this man could not be restored to life, no one would know of our experiment.
Dr. Johnson, as I beheld him, was a full, pursy Man, very ill drest, and of slovenly Aspect.
There was no sleep for either of them that night, but next day they both cut classes and drowsed.
He studied the timber and plaster walls for traces of cryptic designs at every accessible spot where the paper had peeled, and within a week managed to get the eastern attic room where Keziah was held to have practiced her spells.
If heaven ever wishes to grant me a boon, it will be a total effacing of the results of a mere chance which fixed my eye on a certain stray piece of shelf paper.
nothin' solid abaout it all like jelly, an' made o' sep'rit wrigglin' ropes pushed clost together . . .
In my mind I would often picture the unknown Land of Cathuria with its splendid groves and palaces, and would wonder what new delights there awaited me.
After the entombment we were all somewhat depressed, and spent the afternoon at the bar of the Commercial House; where West, though shaken by the death of his chief opponent, chilled the rest of us with references to his notorious theories.
In any case, I would aim to strike Washington somehow and get quickly out of the Town Square region.
This worry had probably been a major cause of his mother's death two years before.
He did not know where he wished to go, but felt that once more he would have to sacrifice his classes.
Confused memories mixed themselves with his mathematics, and he believed his subconscious mind held the angles which he needed to guide him back to the normal world alone and unaided for the first time.
Sheets of music were piled in disorder about the floor.
He acquired a habit of writing long documents of some sort, which he carefully sealed and filled with injunctions that I transmit them after his death to certain persons whom he named for the most part lettered East Indians, but including a once celebrated French physician now generally thought dead, and about whom the most inconceivable things had been whispered.
No, Thurber, these ancient places are dreaming gorgeously and overflowing with wonder and terror and escapes from the commonplace, and yet there's not a living soul to understand or profit by them.
The old maps still held good, and I had no trouble; though at Arkham they must have lied when they said the trolleys ran to this place, since I saw not a wire overhead.
The negro had been knocked out, and a moment's examination shewed us that he would permanently remain so.
All my days have I watched it and listened to it, and I know it well.
Only participants need be apprehended, and the sparing of a great number of mere spectators would considerably lessen the resentment which any of the sympathising country folk might feel.
The other face may wear off some.
But since those glorious years all is changed.
And if added to this there be a repellent unkemptness; a wild disorder of dress, a bushiness of dark hair white at the roots, and an unchecked growth of pure white beard on a face once clean shaven, the cumulative effect is quite shocking.
In the dank twilight I climbed the worn and aged stone stairs till I reached the level where they ceased, and thereafter clung perilously to small footholds leading upward.
My rage was unbounded, yet my German sense forbade me to venture unprepared into an utterly black interior which might prove the lair of some indescribable marine monster or a labyrinth of passages from whose windings I could never extricate myself.
And the organs never would work again.
For on the faces of this throng was writ a madness born of horror unendurable, and on their tongues were words so terrible that no hearer paused for proof.
And the queer part was, that Pickman got none of his power from the use of selectiveness or bizarrerie.
Clocks time space infinity and then my fancy reverted to the local as I reflected that even now, beyond the roof and the fog and the rain and the atmosphere, Corona Borealis was rising in the northeast.
Sometimes they appeared to devour one another, the attacker launching itself at its victim and instantaneously obliterating the latter from sight.
that face with the red eyes an' crinkly albino hair, an' no chin, like the Whateleys . . .
Wal, Sir, Obed he larnt that they's things on this arth as most folks never heerd abaout an' wouldn't believe ef they did hear.
But not much is written of these beings, because they lived in very ancient times, and man is young, and knows little of the very ancient living things.
He tottered, clutched at the curtains as I had done before, and wriggled his head wildly, like a hunted animal.
It had been an eldritch thing no wonder sensitive students shudder at the Puritan age in Massachusetts.
Besides, the streets were loathsomely dark.
Just what the white ape like creatures could have been, Mwanu had no idea, but he thought they were the builders of the ruined city.
Gilman felt a gnawing, poignant abhorrence shoot through his mental and emotional paralysis, and the light metal bowl shook in his grasp.
They must be up to something.
Yog Sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate.
But the flabby hands, curiously gloved, wrote genially on the tablet and told me I must wait a while before I could be led to the place of festival.
In any case such a monster must of necessity be in our scheme of things an anomaly and an intruder, whose extirpation forms a primary duty with every man not an enemy to the world's life, health, and sanity.
I didn't keep track of the cross streets, and can't tell you yet which it was we turned up, but I know it wasn't Greenough Lane.
They are almost hidden now in lawless luxuriances of green and guardian shrouds of shadow; but the small paned windows still stare shockingly, as if blinking through a lethal stupor which wards off madness by dulling the memory of unutterable things.
Fancying now that I had attained the very pinnacle of the castle, I commenced to rush up the few steps beyond the door; but the sudden veiling of the moon by a cloud caused me to stumble, and I felt my way more slowly in the dark.
And when the red Aldebaran had crawled more than half way around the horizon, there were again darkness and silence.
It was in mid summer, when the alchemy of Nature transmutes the sylvan landscape to one vivid and almost homogeneous mass of green; when the senses are well nigh intoxicated with the surging seas of moist verdure and the subtly indefinable odours of the soil and the vegetation.
The inhabitants of that street impressed me peculiarly.
It was the Terrible Season of the autumn, and the wild people in the mountains were preparing for the frightful ceremonies which only rumour told of in the towns.
Then, when he was in deep shadow again, he recalled with a start that the glimpse must have come from childish memory alone, since the old white church had long been torn down to make room for the Congregational Hospital.
The light is dimmer and the gods are afraid. . .
It was a repulsive task that we undertook in the black small hours, even though we lacked at that time the special horror of graveyards which later experiences brought to us.
This collection frightens away most of the small boys who love to taunt the Terrible Old Man about his long white hair and beard, or to break the small paned windows of his dwelling with wicked missiles; but there are other things which frighten the older and more curious folk who sometimes steal up to the house to peer in through the dusty panes.
The least congenial Member was one of the Founders, Sir John Hawkins, who hath since written many misrepresentations of our Society.
Knowing little of the art myself, I was yet certain that none of his harmonies had any relation to music I had heard before; and concluded that he was a composer of highly original genius.
She would never tell what her father and the boy were doing up there, though once she turned pale and displayed an abnormal degree of fear when a jocose fish peddler tried the locked door leading to the stairway.
My impulse to visit and enter the temple has now become an inexplicable and imperious command which ultimately cannot be denied.
Then, with a dazed automatism which persisted despite hopelessness, I made for the next connecting door and performed the blind motion of pushing at it in an effort to get through and granting that fastenings might be as providentially intact as in this second room bolt the hall door beyond before the lock could be turned from outside.
But I was then convinced that young Wilcox had known of the older matters mentioned by the professor.
Moulded by the dead brain of a hybrid nightmare, would not such a vaporous terror constitute in all loathsome truth the exquisitely, the shriekingly unnamable?
It was the faces, Eliot, those accursed faces, that leered and slavered out of the canvas with the very breath of life By God, man, I verily believe they were alive That nauseous wizard had waked the fires of hell in pigment, and his brush had been a nightmare spawning wand.
I never learned its title, for the early pages were missing; but it fell open toward the end and gave me a glimpse of something which sent my senses reeling.
The present voodoo orgy was, indeed, on the merest fringe of this abhorred area, but that location was bad enough; hence perhaps the very place of the worship had terrified the squatters more than the shocking sounds and incidents.
His mind was not Prussian, but given to imaginings and speculations which have no value.
All the townsfolk were frightened, and had begged the presence of a cohort from Calagurris.
On the following day I was brought to this room with the barred windows, but I have been kept informed of certain things through an aged and simple minded servitor, for whom I bore a fondness in infancy, and who like me loves the churchyard.
Yog Sothoth knows the gate.
That evening I regretted that I had not taken the ivory image surreptitiously from poor Klenze's pocket as he left, for the memory of it fascinated me.
And when I saw on the dim litten moor a wide nebulous shadow sweeping from mound to mound, I shut my eyes and threw myself face down upon the ground.
My father, his face lined with sorrow, stood by as I shouted my demands to be laid within the tomb; frequently admonishing my captors to treat me as gently as they could.
With one savage kick he sent the morbidity over the edge of the gulf and heard it whimper on some level far below.
I have failed in my duty and betrayed the marble city of Olathoë; I have proven false to Alos, my friend and commander.
Anyhow, he manages to turn out results that differ from the pretender's mince pie dreams in just about the same way that the life painter's results differ from the concoctions of a correspondence school cartoonist.
Barzai and Atal went out of Hatheg into the stony desert despite the prayers of peasants, and talked of earth's gods by their campfires at night.
I looked at the cot, the chairs, the instruments, my neglected hat, and the yellowed straw hat of my uncle.
I resolved to search out the eccentric sculptor responsible for this apparent disturbance of an old man's peace of mind.
Of the name and abode of this man but little is written, for they were of the waking world only; yet it is said that both were obscure.
At length, upon a suggestion of my uncle's, I decided to try the spot nocturnally; and one stormy midnight ran the beams of an electric torch over the mouldy floor with its uncanny shapes and distorted, half phosphorescent fungi.
Most were seamen, and a sprinkling of negroes and mulattoes, largely West Indians or Brava Portuguese from the Cape Verde Islands, gave a colouring of voodooism to the heterogeneous cult.
He was, in fine, made sensible that all the world is but the smoke of our intellects; past the bidding of the vulgar, but by the wise to be puffed out and drawn in like any cloud of prime Virginia tobacco.
I had spent the better part of the morning in climbing up and down half ruined staircases in one of the most dilapidated of the ancient turrets.
Barzai was wise in the lore of earth's gods, and listened hard for certain sounds, but Atal felt the chill of the vapours and the awe of the night, and feared much.
It was certainly nervous waiting, and the blasphemous book in my hands made it doubly so.
As he picked up the strange spiky image on the table he thought the older northward pull grew a trifle stronger; but even so, it was wholly overruled by the newer and more bewildering urge.
In the early evening we rose to the surface, and found the sea less heavy.
Seth he's gone aout naow to look at 'em, though I'll vaow he wun't keer ter git very nigh Wizard Whateley's Cha'ncey didn't look keerful ter see whar the big matted daown swath led arter it leff the pasturage, but he says he thinks it p'inted towards the glen rud to the village.
Speechless, I could only wait.
At noon he lunched at the University Spa, picking up a paper from the next seat as he waited for dessert.
He was looking, he had to admit, for a kind of formula or incantation containing the frightful name Yog Sothoth, and it puzzled him to find discrepancies, duplications, and ambiguities which made the matter of determination far from easy.
I had done all I could, and hoped I was in time.
Nor was I a stranger in the streets of Olathoë, which lies on the plateau of Sarkis, betwixt the peaks Noton and Kadiphonek.
On the night of September , , I heard a knock at my chamber door.
Looking about me, I beheld many marble slabs bearing coffins, or the remains of coffins.
Great Cthulhu is Their cousin, yet can he spy Them only dimly.
Outside the window the shrilling of the whippoorwills had suddenly ceased, and above the murmurs of the gathering crowd there came the sound of a panic struck whirring and fluttering.
All was as of old, nor were the marble walls discoloured, nor the polished bronze statues upon them tarnished.
I know not why I went thither unless to pray, or gibber out insane pleas and apologies to the calm white thing that lay within; but, whatever my reason, I attacked the half frozen sod with a desperation partly mine and partly that of a dominating will outside myself.
For a week I tasted to the full the joys of that charnel conviviality which I must not describe, when the thing happened, and I was borne away to this accursed abode of sorrow and monotony.
About four hours remained for conversation if I were to catch the eight o'clock coach for Arkham, and I began to dole out more liquor to the ancient tippler; meanwhile eating my own frugal lunch.
Legrasse for some time lent the image to Professor Webb, but at the latter's death it was returned to him and remains in his possession, where I viewed it not long ago.
I, on the other hand, renewed my demand for action, and offered to accompany the cohort on any expedition it might undertake.
Atal was only the son of an innkeeper, and was sometimes afraid; but Barzai's father had been a landgrave who dwelt in an ancient castle, so he had no common superstition in his blood, and only laughed at the fearful cotters.
Yet I soon subordinated all my fears to my growing curiosity and fascination.
It is of this loot in particular that I must not speak thank God I had the courage to destroy it long before I thought of destroying myself.
A large camera on a table excited my notice, and Pickman told me that he used it in taking scenes for backgrounds, so that he might paint them from photographs in the studio instead of carting his outfit around the town for this or that view.
To this day there is something queer and unholy about the growths on and around that fearsome hill.
These, though in numbers they might form a minority, were the stable element whose constancy might be relied on, and whose cooperation would most firmly bind the province to the Imperium of the Senate and the Roman People.
And it is written in the papyrus of Ilarnek, that they one day discovered fire, and thereafter kindled flames on many ceremonial occasions.
As a result, these societies became surprisingly passive and reticent.
The house of Jermyn no longer existed.
I had no car, but was travelling by train, trolley, and motor coach, always seeking the cheapest possible route.
I took leave of him amicably, and wish him all the success his talent promises.
I also rose, and both stood motionless for a time, straining our ears as the uncanny rhythm seemed more and more to take on a vital quality.
They have a trim bungalow now at Bristol Highlands, where no tall crags tower, and the neighbours are urban and modern.
Undisturbed by oppressive reflections on the time, the place, and the company beneath his feet, he philosophically chipped away the stony brickwork; cursing when a fragment hit him in the face, and laughing when one struck the increasingly excited horse that pawed near the cypress tree.
Nor could he talk of these matters at all save with the Terrible Old Man, who afterward mumbled queer things in his long white beard; vowing that the man who came down from that crag was not wholly the man who went up, and that somewhere under that grey peaked roof, or amidst inconceivable reaches of that sinister white mist, there lingered still the lost spirit of him who was Thomas Olney.
The Thing of the idols, the green, sticky spawn of the stars, had awaked to claim his own.
Such were the idle tales which had made the villagers leave Kilderry, and when I heard them I did not wonder that Denys Barry had refused to listen.
In his boyhood he had revelled through long visits there, and had found weird marvels in the woods beyond the orchard.
To me their interest depended less on this circumstance than on the peculiarly appropriate way in which they dovetailed with certain other things the complaint of the departing servant Preserved Smith, who had preceded Ann and never heard of her, that something sucked his breath at night; the death certificates of fever victims of , issued by Dr. Chad Hopkins, and shewing the four deceased persons all unaccountably lacking in blood; and the obscure passages of poor Rhoby Harris's ravings, where she complained of the sharp teeth of a glassy eyed, half visible presence.
Then all at once the horrible eyes, blacker even than the seared face in which they were set, opened wide with an expression which I was unable to interpret.
Sometimes one feels that it would be merciful to tear down these houses, for they must often dream.
I had arrived at the abyss, which was now redly aglow, and which had evidently swallowed up the unfortunate Romero.
Fool that I was to plunge with such unsanctioned phrensy into mysteries no man was meant to penetrate; fool or god that he was my only friend, who led me and went before me, and who in the end passed into terrors which may yet be mine.
After he had secured my reluctant acquiescence in his design, Warren picked up the reel of wire and adjusted the instruments.
Tall and fairly handsome, with a sort of weird Eastern grace despite certain slight oddities of proportion, Robert Jermyn began life as a scholar and investigator.
It seemed that he was often absent from his bed, and that the creaking of his floor at certain hours of the night was remarked by the man in the room below.
My first vivid impression of my own presence in this terrible necropolis concerns the act of pausing with Warren before a certain half obliterated sepulchre, and of throwing down some burdens which we seemed to have been carrying.
The old man was pulling at my sleeve, but I was determined to be the last.
That object no larger than a good sized rat and quaintly called by the townspeople Brown Jenkin seemed to have been the fruit of a remarkable case of sympathetic herd delusion, for in no less than eleven persons had testified to glimpsing it.
Henceforward I haunted the tomb each night; seeing, hearing, and doing things I must never reveal.
Mansion after mansion claimed my gaze, most of them decrepit and boarded up amidst neglected grounds, but one or two in each street shewing signs of occupancy.
His oddities certainly did not look Asiatic, Polynesian, Levantine, or negroid, yet I could see why the people found him alien.
Only one wish now haunted the mind of the dying man; that twigs from certain olive trees in the grove be buried by his resting place close to his head.
Armitage, having read the hideous diary, knew painfully well what kind of a manifestation to expect; but he did not add to the fright of the Dunwich people by giving any hints or clues.
In the Book of Invaders it is told that these sons of the Greeks were all buried at Tallaght, but old men in Kilderry said that one city was overlooked save by its patron moon goddess; so that only the wooded hills buried it when the men of Nemed swept down from Scythia in their thirty ships.
A common white handkerchief found among forest rocks on the hillside beyond cannot be identified as belonging to the missing man.
Handbills and papers fluttered about filthy gutters; handbills and papers printed in many tongues and in many characters, yet all bearing messages of crime and rebellion.
Johansen's voyage had begun just as he told it to the vice admiralty.
Angarola of Chicago has it.
Entering, I began to use my flashlight, and was almost knocked down by the cloud of bats that flapped past me.
In our sensible age since the Dunwich horror of was hushed up by those who had the town's and the world's welfare at heart people shun it without knowing exactly why.
This original correspondence was not preserved, but his notes formed a thorough and really significant digest.
This, acting on my imagination, had supplied namelessly sinister qualities to the indeterminate face and robed, shambling form beneath it.
This I perceived with unhealthy sharpness despite the fact that two of my other senses were violently assailed.
The matter of the presumably weak heart, which to my mind imperiled the success of our experiment, did not appear to trouble West extensively.
Then the picture was passed to Trever, and a change came over the youth.
I fancied that night had come suddenly upon me, and vainly groped with one free hand for a window embrasure, that I might peer out and above, and try to judge the height I had attained.
Entering his room, he placed the spiky thing on the table, and lay down in complete mental and physical exhaustion without pausing to undress.
My other pursuers had been accursedly abnormal so should I not have been ready to face a strengthening of the abnormal element; to look upon forms in which there was no mixture of the normal at all?
Whether it was human or simian only a scientist could determine, and the process of determination would be greatly hampered by its imperfect condition.
Its condition was almost perfect, and one could have spent hours in studying the striking and puzzlingly untraditional designs some simply geometrical, and some plainly marine chased or moulded in high relief on its surface with a craftsmanship of incredible skill and grace.
As the afternoon progressed, I sought the lower levels, descending into what appeared to be either a mediaeval place of confinement, or a more recently excavated storehouse for gunpowder.
After that the scene was almost wholly kaleidoscopic, and in the jumble of sights, sounds, and unidentified sense impressions I felt that I was about to dissolve or in some way lose the solid form.
West clashed disagreeably with Dr. Halsey near the end of our last undergraduate term in a wordy dispute that did less credit to him than to the kindly dean in point of courtesy.
I can shew you houses that have stood two centuries and a half and more; houses that have witnessed what would make a modern house crumble into powder.
That my memory is broken, I do not wonder; for my health, physical and mental, was gravely disturbed throughout the period of my residence in the Rue d'Auseil, and I recall that I took none of my few acquaintances there.
The playing grew fantastic, delirious, and hysterical, yet kept to the last the qualities of supreme genius which I knew this strange old man possessed.
Natheless at the next full moon I boarded the White Ship, and with the reluctant bearded man left the happy harbour for untravelled seas.
It faced south, with one gable end buried to the lower windows in the eastward rising hill, and the other exposed to the foundations toward the street.
Yet it remained tense through anxiety for me.
That refinery, though, used to be a big thing, and Old Man Marsh, who owns it, must be richer'n Croesus.
I had already decided not to abandon the quest for the lurking fear, for in my rash ignorance it seemed to me that uncertainty was worse than enlightenment, however terrible the latter might prove to be.
West and I were doing post graduate work in summer classes at the medical school of Miskatonic University, and my friend had attained a wide notoriety because of his experiments leading toward the revivification of the dead.
On April th the derelict was sighted; and though apparently deserted, was found upon boarding to contain one survivor in a half delirious condition and one man who had evidently been dead for more than a week.
These lights were seen as late as , but toward the last they became very infrequent.
Later I told Harris only through sheer necessity, and because he had heard odd tales from old people which disposed him ever so little toward belief.
That upstairs looks it will have the right cast.
There was the immemorial figure of the deputy or messenger of hidden and terrible powers the Black Man of the witch cult, and the Nyarlathotep of the Necronomicon.
As a child Lord Northam had had peculiar dreams when sleeping in the older parts of the castle, and had acquired a constant habit of looking back through his memory for half amorphous scenes and patterns and impressions which formed no part of his waking experience.
They said something about a psychosis, and agreed I had better get any harassing obsessions off my mind.
This, I knew, must be Devil Reef.
They feared outsiders, but slowly grew accustomed to us; finally helping vastly when we beat down all the thickets and tore out all the partitions of the mansion in our search for the lurking fear.
Of course, one can't be sure, but we can always take a chance.
We had started quietly from the village because of the reporters who still lingered about after the eldritch panic of a month before the nightmare creeping death.
It is palpably a part of the valley wall, though how the vast interior was ever excavated I cannot imagine.
My coming to New York had been a mistake; for whereas I had looked for poignant wonder and inspiration in the teeming labyrinths of ancient streets that twist endlessly from forgotten courts and squares and waterfronts to courts and squares and waterfronts equally forgotten, and in the Cyclopean modern towers and pinnacles that rise blackly Babylonian under waning moons, I had found instead only a sense of horror and oppression which threatened to master, paralyse, and annihilate me.
I shivered as the cracked stroke of three sounded from a belfry on my left.
All in all, he became a disconcerting and even gruesome companion; yet in my gratitude for his healing I could not well abandon him to the strangers around him, and was careful to dust his room and attend to his needs each day, muffled in a heavy ulster which I bought especially for the purpose.
I had been scrambling in this way for some time, so that my battery had burned very low, when the passage suddenly inclined sharply upward, altering my mode of progress.
I vaow afur Gawd, I dun't know what he wants nor what he's a tryin' to dew.
My slight fall had extinguished the lantern, but I produced an electric pocket lamp and viewed the small horizontal tunnel which led away indefinitely in both directions.
Some of the items were delicate and inspiring enough, but there was one box of strange old pieces descended from my mysterious great grandmother which my uncle was almost reluctant to produce.
Any magazine cover hack can splash paint around wildly and call it a nightmare or a Witches' Sabbath or a portrait of the devil, but only a great painter can make such a thing really scare or ring true.
Those who once knew him as scholar and aesthete say it is very pitiful to see him now.
Their appearance especially those staring, unwinking eyes which one never saw shut was certainly shocking enough; and their voices were disgusting.
As he went upstairs and across the garret hall he sprinkled about some flour which he had borrowed with a frank admission as to its purpose from the landlord.
The old man saw it, and stopped whispering even before my expression of horror made it necessary; saw it and glanced quickly toward the floor of the room he had left an hour before.
The Emma, in ballast, had cleared Auckland on February th, and had felt the full force of that earthquake born tempest which must have heaved up from the sea bottom the horrors that filled men's dreams.
For there, full in the rifted roadway, lay bleached and tranquil in bland, saintly, and consular pomp the dome like skull of Ibid There is nothing more absurd, as I view it, than that conventional association of the homely and the wholesome which seems to pervade the psychology of the multitude.
From the East tempestuous winds arose, and chilled me as I crouched on the slab of damp stone which had risen beneath my feet.
As soon as possible I visited the grave of Jan Martense and dug vainly where I had dug before.
What was the unknown island on which six of the Emma's crew had died, and about which the mate Johansen was so secretive?
And when he had failed to find these boons in things whose laws are known and measurable, they told him he lacked imagination, and was immature because he preferred dream illusions to the illusions of our physical creation.
Non Euclidean calculus and quantum physics are enough to stretch any brain; and when one mixes them with folklore, and tries to trace a strange background of multi dimensional reality behind the ghoulish hints of the Gothic tales and the wild whispers of the chimney corner, one can hardly expect to be wholly free from mental tension.
You'd better thank heaven it didn't go further. . . .
This, however, they found more easily planned than performed; since no sign of the party could be found in any direction.
I breathed hard, but not so much from the sight itself as from the possibilities my imagination terrifiedly conjured up.
On another night Kuranes walked up a damp stone spiral stairway endlessly, and came to a tower window overlooking a mighty plain and river lit by the full moon; and in the silent city that spread away from the river bank he thought he beheld some feature or arrangement which he had known before.
He had been listening with peculiar intensity ever since my shocked scream had waked unaccustomed echoes in the dark cellar, and now he seemed struck with a fright which, though not comparable to my own, had in it more of the physical than of the spiritual.
The figure, which was finally passed slowly from man to man for close and careful study, was between seven and eight inches in height, and of exquisitely artistic workmanship.
The coffin of Jan Martense had soon been unearthed it now held only dust and nitre but in my fury to exhume his ghost I delved irrationally and clumsily down beneath where he had lain.
It was the same for more than an hour, when the final throaty rattle came.
Then more wood and brick grating, a pause, and the opening of the door at which I'll confess I started violently.
His haousekeeper Sally was carryin' on fit ter kill she'd jest seed the trees a bendin' beside the rud, an' says they was a kind o' mushy saound, like a elephant puffin' an' treadin', a headin' fer the haouse.
Here and there the ruins of wharves jutted out from the shore to end in indeterminate rottenness, those farthest south seeming the most decayed.
I think Professor Angell died because he knew too much, or because he was likely to learn too much.
He beckoned me into a low, candle lit room with massive exposed rafters and dark, stiff, sparse furniture of the seventeenth century.
A sudden gust, stronger than the others, caught up the manuscript and bore it toward the window.
Sheehan especially did they ply with inquiries, yet without eliciting any information of value concerning Old Bugs.
His black hair was well cut and neatly brushed, and he was clean shaven though blue chinned with a heavy growth of beard.
The ground under one of the squatters' villages had caved in after a lightning stroke, destroying several of the malodorous shanties; but upon this property damage was superimposed an organic devastation which paled it to insignificance.
An eye for an eye Great heavens, Birch, but you got what you deserved.
When one of the things began to waddle and edge away, he turned quickly to stop it; so that the suddenness of his motion dislodged the waxen mask from what should have been his head.
None of the non natives ever stayed out late at night, there being a widespread impression that it was not wise to do so.
I refer to a sort of cloudy whitish pattern on the dirt floor a vague, shifting deposit of mould or nitre which we sometimes thought we could trace amidst the sparse fungous growths near the huge fireplace of the basement kitchen.
On the occasion of the visit, ran the professor's manuscript, the sculptor abruptly asked for the benefit of his host's archaeological knowledge in identifying the hieroglyphics on the bas relief.
Then, as my gaze circled inland from the town, something less tranquil arrested my notice and held me immobile for a second.
All honour was now his, since the Tyrant of Syracuse would have the work of none save him or Kalos.
An' all the whiles he never see a thing, only them trees an' bushes a bendin'.
I cannot express the wild, breathless suspense with which we waited for results on this first really fresh specimen the first we could reasonably expect to open its lips in rational speech, perhaps to tell of what it had seen beyond the unfathomable abyss.
Zann said that he was old, lonely, and afflicted with strange fears and nervous disorders connected with his music and with other things.
Whether he had imagination enough to wish they were empty, is strongly to be doubted.
He knew things he didn't dare put into that stupid Magnalia or that puerile Wonders of the Invisible World.
I think I was paralysed for an instant.
In some places they was little stones strewed abaout like charms with somethin' on 'em like what ye call a swastika naowadays.
For myself I was proud, knowing how the Fatherland would revere my memory and how my sons would be taught to be men like me.
And as I ran along the shore, crushing sleeping flowers with heedless feet and maddened ever by the fear of unknown things and the lure of the dead faces, I saw that the garden had no end under that moon; for where by day the walls were, there stretched now only new vistas of trees and paths, flowers and shrubs, stone idols and pagodas, and bendings of the yellow litten stream past grassy banks and under grotesque bridges of marble.
He had meant to tear it down and build an apartment house on the site, but after my account decided to let it stand, install plumbing, and rent it.
He wore rimless spectacles with steel bows.
He made no explanations to Hartwell, but in his calmer moments spoke of the imperative need of a long conference with Rice and Morgan.
Elwood would, if awake, rouse him whenever he began to talk or rise in his sleep.
He could distinguish no words, yet the tone was haunting and unmistakable.
It had looked very queer to her, but of course the young gentleman had lots of queer things in his room books and curios and pictures and markings on paper.
Arthur Jermyn was the son of Sir Alfred Jermyn and a music hall singer of unknown origin.
Then I knew that a long section of them must be plainly in sight where the sides of the cut flattened out and the road crossed the track and I could no longer keep myself from sampling whatever horror that leering yellow moon might have to shew.
Those who had lacked something lacked it no longer, yet did fear and hatred and ignorance still brood over The Street; for many had stayed behind, and many strangers had come from distant places to the ancient houses.
That we bore electric lanterns, spades, and a curious coil of wire with attached instruments, I will even affirm; for these things all played a part in the single hideous scene which remains burned into my shaken recollection.
Know you not how the secret of Alchemy was solved?
Everyone listened, and everyone was listening still when It lumbered slobberingly into sight and gropingly squeezed Its gelatinous green immensity through the black doorway into the tainted outside air of that poison city of madness.
Shortly afterward the pale faced workmen apprised the Superintendent of their failure.
His condition was more ghastly.
This hoary character, Zadok Allen, was ninety six years old and somewhat touched in the head, besides being the town drunkard.
Certainly, the terror of a deserted house swells in geometrical rather than arithmetical progression as houses multiply to form a city of stark desolation.
This bore regular fruit, for after the first interview the manuscript records daily calls of the young man, during which he related startling fragments of nocturnal imagery whose burden was always some terrible Cyclopean vista of dark and dripping stone, with a subterrene voice or intelligence shouting monotonously in enigmatical sense impacts uninscribable save as gibberish.
There ran little streams over bright pebbles, dividing meads of green and gardens of many hues, and spanned by a multitude of bridges.
Most of this information reached the outside world through young Jan Martense, who from some kind of restlessness joined the colonial army when news of the Albany Convention reached Tempest Mountain.
I know suthin' awful's abaout, an' feel my time is nigh, though only Gawd knows jest what it is.
The sky was dark on the evening that the Tyrant's emissaries came to Tegea.
It was at this point that there came a knocking on the door; that ancient door of nail studded oak beyond which lay only the abyss of white cloud.
They had, indeed, come themselves from the stars, and brought Their images with Them.
The instant he opened his eyes he knew something was terribly wrong, for he was back in his old garret room with the slanting wall and ceiling, sprawled on the now unmade bed.
When, however, I asked them what connexion with France or its language the house could have, they confessed themselves as frankly baffled and ignorant as I. Archer knew nothing, and all that Miss Harris could say was that an old allusion her grandfather, Dutee Harris, had heard of might have shed a little light.
In another instant I was knocked from my gruesome bench by the devilish threshing of some unseen entity of titanic size but undetermined nature; knocked sprawling on the root clutched mould of that abhorrent graveyard, while from the tomb came such a stifled uproar of gasping and whirring that my fancy peopled the rayless gloom with Miltonic legions of the misshapen damned.
There were shelves full of theological and classical books, and another bookcase containing treatises on magic Paracelsus, Albertus Magnus, Trithemius, Hermes Trismegistus, Borellus, and others in strange alphabets whose titles I could not decipher.
We changed to the elevated at the South Station, and at about twelve o'clock had climbed down the steps at Battery Street and struck along the old waterfront past Constitution Wharf.
By the second day of the search the affair was fully treated by the newspapers, whose reporters overran Tempest Mountain.
At that moment, as I say, I was elated with the conviction that the one great goal had been attained; and that for the first time a reanimated corpse had uttered distinct words impelled by actual reason.
Another filed down a weed choked subway entrance, howling with a laughter that was mad.
Upon making this discovery I ceased to sleep comfortably; though something of resigned tranquillity came back as I gradually formed the habit of keeping off the streets by day and venturing abroad only at night, when darkness calls forth what little of the past still hovers wraith like about, and old white doorways remember the stalwart forms that once passed through them.
Finally he decided to lay a base of three parallel with the wall, to place upon this two layers of two each, and upon these a single box to serve as the platform.
West had never fully succeeded because he had never been able to secure a corpse sufficiently fresh.
The occupant was emitting sounds of veritably inhuman nature, as if racked by some torment beyond description.
heh, heh, heh Matt Eliot was a Mason an' agin' the sellin', but he dropped aout o' sight jest then.
An increasing and unexplained atmosphere of panic seemed to rise around his apartment.
All the objects organic and inorganic alike were totally beyond description or even comprehension.
Don't move, he cautioned, for in these rays we are able to be seen as well as to see.
They bend the forest and crush the city, yet may not forest or city behold the hand that smites.
It was in the township of Dunwich, in a large and partly inhabited farmhouse set against a hillside four miles from the village and a mile and a half from any other dwelling, that Wilbur Whateley was born at A.M. on Sunday, the second of February, .
This year the horror was very great, for the people knew that the wrath of the very old folk was upon Pompelo.
The beldame's face was alight with inhuman exultation, and the little yellow toothed morbidity tittered mockingly as it pointed at the heavily sleeping form of Elwood on the other couch across the room.
Yet some quality about it disturbed me almost as much as its features pleased me perhaps it was too white, or too expressionless, or too much out of keeping with the locality, to make me feel easy or comfortable.
His great great great grandmother, he recalled, was said to have been the daughter of a Portuguese trader in Africa.
Upon the outbreak of trouble with Great Britain in , William Harris, despite his scant sixteen years and feeble constitution, managed to enlist in the Army of Observation under General Greene; and from that time on enjoyed a steady rise in health and prestige.
However, it would be better for the gentleman to take another room and get a crucifix from some good priest like Father Iwanicki.
You men know that those Whateleys were wizards well, this thing is a thing of wizardry, and must be put down by the same means.
West was then a small, slender, spectacled youth with delicate features, yellow hair, pale blue eyes, and a soft voice, and it was uncanny to hear him dwelling on the relative merits of Christchurch Cemetery and the potter's field.
Men looked at one another and muttered.
Though these stately old avenues were ill surfaced and unkempt, their elm shaded dignity had not entirely departed.
With it shall go this record of mine this test of my own sanity, wherein is pieced together that which I hope may never be pieced together again.
The disposition of Old Bugs was as odd as his aspect.
There were in that Street many trees; elms and oaks and maples of dignity; so that in the summer the scene was all soft verdure and twittering bird song.
Re crossing the gorge on the Main Street bridge, I struck a region of utter desertion which somehow made me shudder.
Had they known, the coincidence of names would have brought some drastic and frightened action indeed, might not its limited whispering have precipitated the final riot which erased the Roulets from the town?
Then he commenced whispering as in awe: El ritmo, Señor el ritmo de la tierra THAT THROB DOWN IN THE GROUND And now I also heard; heard and shivered and without knowing why.
Of wild creatures there were none they are wise when death leers close.
On April he was captured by the colonists and soon after executed, but the austere head of Ibid continued on its wanderings.
God, that hand The window The window When the last days were upon me, and the ugly trifles of existence began to drive me to madness like the small drops of water that torturers let fall ceaselessly upon one spot of their victim's body, I loved the irradiate refuge of sleep.
Surely, I had little enough chance of rescue.
Afterward one sometimes learns that one has been through Dunwich.
The space south of the house, abutting on Benefit Street, was of course greatly above the existing sidewalk level, forming a terrace bounded by a high bank wall of damp, mossy stone pierced by a steep flight of narrow steps which led inward between canyon like surfaces to the upper region of mangy lawn, rheumy brick walls, and neglected gardens whose dismantled cement urns, rusted kettles fallen from tripods of knotty sticks, and similar paraphernalia set off the weather beaten front door with its broken fanlight, rotting Ionic pilasters, and wormy triangular pediment.
Sir John, an eccentrick Fellow, once declin'd to pay his part of the Reckoning for Supper, because 'twas his Custom at Home to eat no Supper.
There was a door, but it led only into a closet.
In that coffin and in that vault they have promised me I shall be buried.
And among the dead faces was the living, mocking face of the youth with the ivory image.
I had recovered enough in a week to send to Albany for a gang of men to blow up the Martense mansion and the entire top of Tempest Mountain with dynamite, stop up all the discoverable mound burrows, and destroy certain overnourished trees whose very existence seemed an insult to sanity.
I would not dare, he continued to mutter.
I dun't keer what folks think ef Lavinny's boy looked like his pa, he wouldn't look like nothin' ye expeck.
A sordid, undefinable stench settled over the place, and the ancient spirit slept.
The extreme, almost nocturnal darkness of the sky caused us to stumble sadly, but guided by the frequent flashes of lightning and by our minute knowledge of the hamlet we soon reached the least porous cabin of the lot; an heterogeneous combination of logs and boards whose still existing door and single tiny window both faced Maple Hill.
As the steps and the passage grew broader, I heard another sound, the thin, whining mockery of a feeble flute; and suddenly there spread out before me the boundless vista of an inner world a vast fungous shore litten by a belching column of sick greenish flame and washed by a wide oily river that flowed from abysses frightful and unsuspected to join the blackest gulfs of immemorial ocean.
Plainly I had no time to lose.
Then I glimpsed the temple like effect again, but this time the pillars reached up into an aërial ocean of light, which sent down one blinding beam along the path of the cloudy column I had seen before.
Shot Elam Hutchins' collie Jack when he went to bite me, and Elam says he would kill me if he dast.
Ten thousand years ago there stood by its shore the mighty city of Sarnath, but Sarnath stands there no more.
The day was warm and sunny, but the landscape of sand, sedge grass, and stunted shrubbery became more and more desolate as we proceeded.
At any rate he kicked and squirmed frantically and automatically whilst his consciousness was almost eclipsed in a half swoon.
Whilst the king and his nobles feasted within the palace, and viewed the crowning dish as it awaited them on golden platters, others feasted elsewhere.
Sheehan, now recovering from his astonishment, advanced and laid a heavy hand on the old waif's shoulder.
Presently they began to gather renewed force and coherence as they grew in stark, utter, ultimate frenzy.
There was much in the Essex County records about Keziah Mason's trial, and what she had admitted under pressure to the Court of Oyer and Terminer had fascinated Gilman beyond all reason.
It was in a deep, damp hollow, overgrown with rank grass, moss, and curious creeping weeds, and filled with a vague stench which my idle fancy associated absurdly with rotting stone.
A moment later I felt less sure that the deeper sounds were voices, since the apparent hoarse barkings and loose syllabled croakings bore so little resemblance to recognised human speech.
The floor of the forest was mossy and mysterious, and great lichened rocks rose vaguely here and there in the dim light like Druid monoliths among the swollen and twisted trunks of a sacred grove.
There were bones badly crushed and splintered, but clearly recognisable as human whose manifestly modern date conflicted puzzlingly with the remote period at which their only possible lurking place, the low, slant floored loft overhead, had supposedly been sealed from all human access.
My knowledge of the thing began in the winter of with the death of my grand uncle George Gammell Angell, Professor Emeritus of Semitic Languages in Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island.
When I told this dream to Barry we both laughed; but I laughed the louder, because he was perplexed about his labourers from the north.
Not from each other did Kalos and Musides conceal their work, but the sight was for them alone.
He was gazing at me gaspingly and fascinatedly, but did not seem afraid.
On each of the hips, deep set in a kind of pinkish, ciliated orbit, was what seemed to be a rudimentary eye; whilst in lieu of a tail there depended a kind of trunk or feeler with purple annular markings, and with many evidences of being an undeveloped mouth or throat.
By this time Pickman had lighted a lamp in an adjoining room and was politely holding open the door for me; asking me if I would care to see his modern studies.
Then Wesley Corey, who had taken the glass, cried out that Armitage was adjusting the sprayer which Rice held, and that something must be about to happen.
It is still spectral, but its strangeness fascinates me, and I shall find mixed with my relief a queer regret when it is torn down to make way for a tawdry shop or vulgar apartment building.
The predatory excursions on which we collected our unmentionable treasures were always artistically memorable events.
Remember we're dealing with a hideous world in which we are practically helpless. . . .
By this time the restoration of the house was finished, and those who watched it wondered why one of the upper windows had been made into a solid plank door.
Several of the coffins began to split under the stress of handling, and he planned to save the stoutly built casket of little Matthew Fenner for the top, in order that his feet might have as certain a surface as possible.
About this period his inability to concentrate on his formal studies worried him considerably, his apprehensions about the mid year examinations being very acute.
Therein were written many things concerning the world of dream, and among them was lore of a golden valley and a sacred grove with temples, and a high wall pierced by a little bronze gate.
When she got Sally Sawyer, housekeeper at Seth Bishop's, the nearest place to Whateley's, it became her turn to listen instead of transmit; for Sally's boy Chauncey, who slept poorly, had been up on the hill toward Whateley's, and had dashed back in terror after one look at the place, and at the pasturage where Mr. Bishop's cows had been left out all night.
Yet from the first a taint of calamity, soon increased to boding significance, was apparent.
Besides I could not extract from my memory that hideous, inhuman shriek we heard on the night we tried our first experiment in the deserted farmhouse at Arkham.
I recalled what he had said of the pineal gland, and wondered what he saw with this preternatural eye.
He had, he said, gone to sleep one afternoon about sundown after drinking much liquor.
Gilman believed strange things about Keziah, and had felt a queer thrill on learning that her dwelling was still standing after more than years.
By this time two policemen had arrived; and Dr. Morgan, meeting them in the vestibule, was urging them for their own sakes to postpone entrance to the stench filled reading room till the examiner came and the prostrate thing could be covered up.
No trace of the ancient gold with which Wilbur and Old Whateley always paid their debts has yet been discovered.
As I stared at the uncannily lighted door and windows, I became subject to the most extravagant visions visions so extravagant that I cannot even relate them.
Subterrene arcana, hidden for years, came at last to the light.
And the roof is of pure gold, set upon tall pillars of ruby and azure, and having such carven figures of gods and heroes that he who looks up to those heights seems to gaze upon the living Olympus.
He gave old Matt the very best his skill could produce, but was thrifty enough to save the rejected specimen, and to use it when Asaph Sawyer died of a malignant fever.
It was a gentle daylight rain that awaked me from my stupor in the brush grown railway cut, and when I staggered out to the roadway ahead I saw no trace of any prints in the fresh mud.
To be confronted in a place as thoroughly deserted as I had deemed the old castle with evidence of the presence of man or spirit, produced in my brain a horror of the most acute description.
I likewise did much of his shopping, and gasped in bafflement at some of the chemicals he ordered from druggists and laboratory supply houses.
The next day Blandot gave me a more expensive room on the third floor, between the apartments of an aged money lender and the room of a respectable upholsterer.
When the red Aldebaran, which blinked low in the sky but never set, had crawled a quarter of the way around the horizon, I saw light and motion in the houses and the streets.
The night shift did not go on that evening.
The whippoorwills an' fireflies there never did act like they was creaters o' Gawd, an' they's them as says ye kin hear strange things a rushin' an' a talkin' in the air daown thar ef ye stand in the right place, atween the rock falls an' Bear's Den.
He worked northwest along pleasant back roads, past Hooper's Pond and the old brick powder house to where the pastures slope up to the ridge above the Miskatonic and give a lovely vista of Arkham's white Georgian steeples across leagues of river and meadow.
Springing to the floor, he washed and dressed in frantic haste, as if it were necessary for him to get out of the house as quickly as possible.
But it was a hideous proof, because I knew from old papers that that watch had been buried with my great great great great grandfather in .
The Privilege of Reminiscence, however rambling or tiresome, is one generally allow'd to the very aged; indeed, 'tis frequently by means of such Recollections that the obscure occurrences of History, and the lesser Anecdotes of the Great, are transmitted to Posterity.
I was sorry I had put out the light, yet was too tired to rise and turn it on again.
This was not much, though, for the old woman was spinning very hard, and the aged clock had been striking.
Puerile though the story was, old Zadok's insane earnestness and horror had communicated to me a mounting unrest which joined with my earlier sense of loathing for the town and its blight of intangible shadow.
This was the dream in which I saw a shoggoth for the first time, and the sight set me awake in a frenzy of screaming.
There certainly is a strange kind of streak in the Innsmouth folks today I don't know how to explain it, but it sort of makes you crawl.
I had, I felt, been halted by a barrier which my friend and leader had successfully passed.
Everything cleaned up in the mornin' but they was traces. . . .
For eighty thousand years Pth'thya l'yi had lived in Y'ha nthlei, and thither she had gone back after Obed Marsh was dead.
For what could be the meaning of the queer clay bas relief and the disjointed jottings, ramblings, and cuttings which I found?
Distant though it was from the remnant of a road, the house none the less impressed me unfavourably the very moment I espied it.
I wondered if my host could help me in the task at which I was labouring, and resolved to ask him about it later on.
With Cyclopean rage it tore through the soil above that damnable pit, blinding and deafening me, yet not wholly reducing me to a coma.
The scene of my excavations would alone have been enough to unnerve any ordinary man.
For now, when the wind sweeps boisterous out of the north past the high ancient house that is one with the firmament, there is broken at last that ominous brooding silence ever before the bane of Kingsport's maritime cotters.
He could not recall what he had dreamed in the sky perched hut of that still nameless hermit, or say how he had crept down that crag untraversed by other feet.
During her brief stay at Jermyn House she occupied a remote wing, and was waited on by her husband alone.
You say to me that there is nothing in the swamp or near it which could form the setting of that frightful episode.
I went directly home to Toledo from Boston, and later spent a month at Maumee recuperating from my ordeal.
Obed finally got her married off by a trick to an Arkham feller as didn't suspect nothin'.
The tall grass near her was moving, too, as if some other living thing were crawling close to the ground.
Something had evidently drawn a crowd to this place.
All this, to the pious Miss Tilton, formed an excellent reason for shunning the ancient town of decay and desolation; but to me it was merely a fresh incentive.
You ought to hear, though, what some of the old timers tell about the black reef off the coast Devil Reef, they call it.
Young Wilcox's rejoinder, which impressed my uncle enough to make him recall and record it verbatim, was of a fantastically poetic cast which must have typified his whole conversation, and which I have since found highly characteristic of him.
It was as though a house, launched by an avalanche, had slid down through the tangled growths of the almost vertical slope.
In time he grew so impatient of the bleak intervals of day that he began buying drugs in order to increase his periods of sleep.
Sleep seized me quickly, and I was at once haunted with dreams of the most disturbing kind.
Far out beyond the breakwater was the dim, dark line of Devil Reef, and as I glimpsed it I could not help thinking of all the hideous legends I had heard in the last thirty four hours legends which portrayed this ragged rock as a veritable gateway to realms of unfathomed horror and inconceivable abnormality.
He was a strange, furtive creature who constantly looked over his shoulder as if afraid of something, and when sober could not be persuaded to talk at all with strangers.
He was wholly bewildered as to the relation betwixt dream and reality in all his experiences.
However, he never openly fell out with the Doctor, and was the Executor of his Will; tho' Mr. Boswell and others have Reason to question the genuineness of his Attachment.
He always causes that.
About the period of this work's completion people noticed that the old tool house, tightly locked and windowlessly clapboarded since Wilbur's birth, had been abandoned again.
I shuddered as the man grew colloquial and with familiar speech of another day.
Her bent back, long nose, and shrivelled chin were unmistakable, and her shapeless brown garments were like those he remembered.
But Armitage had a sound physique despite his seventy three years, and slept off his disorder that night without developing any real fever.
So the boy whom the dark people called Menes smiled more often than he wept as he sate playing with his graceful kitten on the steps of an oddly painted wagon.
Green are the groves and pastures, bright and fragrant the flowers, blue and musical the streams, clear and cool the fountains, and stately and gorgeous the temples, castles, and cities of Sona Nyl.
I saw from the beginning that he was both interested and sympathetic, and when I had finished he analysed and discussed the thing with the greatest shrewdness and judgment.
Dun't believe me, hey?
I was now shaking with a deadly fear, and the bearded man almost had to hold me up as he walked me across the room to the mirror, the faint lamp i.e., that formerly on the table, not the still fainter lantern he had brought in his free hand.
M. Verhaeren, Belgian agent at a trading post on the Congo, believed that he could not only locate but obtain the stuffed goddess, of which he had vaguely heard; since the once mighty N'bangus were now the submissive servants of King Albert's government, and with but little persuasion could be induced to part with the gruesome deity they had carried off.
It seemed, in any event, to be contagious; for Hannah Bowen, one of the two servants, died of it in the following June.
Maounds o' the dead an' the dyin' . . .
Apparently it was a point somewhere between Hydra and Argo Navis, and he knew that he had been urged toward it ever since he had awaked soon after dawn.
Open up the gates to Yog Sothoth with the long chant that ye'll find on page of the complete edition, an' then put a match to the prison.
The tension was aggravated by the disappearance of Müller and Zimmer, who undoubtedly committed suicide as a result of the fears which had seemed to harass them, though they were not observed in the act of jumping overboard.
So after that I did not listen for merriment or look for wayfarers, but kept on down past the hushed lighted farmhouses and shadowy stone walls to where the signs of ancient shops and sea taverns creaked in the salt breeze, and the grotesque knockers of pillared doorways glistened along deserted, unpaved lanes in the light of little, curtained windows.
I shivered as I wondered why I did not reach the light, and would have looked down had I dared.
They were sensations, yet within them lay unbelievable elements of time and space things which at bottom possess no distinct and definite existence.
They had chained him down to things that are, and had then explained the workings of those things till mystery had gone out of the world.
Its construction, over a century and a half ago, had followed the grading and straightening of the road in that especial vicinity; for Benefit Street at first called Back Street was laid out as a lane winding amongst the graveyards of the first settlers, and straightened only when the removal of the bodies to the North Burial Ground made it decently possible to cut through the old family plots.
Its contents were of the most startling nature, and its perusal confirmed the gravest of my apprehensions.
Looks like a terrible rattletrap I've never ben on it.
Men of his blood had once ruled over Kilderry and built and dwelt in the castle, but those days were very remote, so that for generations the castle had been empty and decaying.
With the passage of time he became almost glad he had lingered, for his relics of youth and his cleavage from the world made life and sophistication seem very distant and unreal; so much so that a touch of magic and expectancy stole back into his nightly slumbers.
Their life was exceedingly secluded, and people declared that their isolation had made them heavy of speech and comprehension.
There were two armlets, a tiara, and a kind of pectoral; the latter having in high relief certain figures of almost unbearable extravagance.
Old Bugs himself seemed also to belong to the past, for his nondescript clothing bore every hallmark of antiquity.
Through all the years Wilbur had treated his half deformed albino mother with a growing contempt, finally forbidding her to go to the hills with him on May Eve and Hallowmass; and in the poor creature complained to Mamie Bishop of being afraid of him.
Jermyn could form no conjecture, but by close questioning obtained a very picturesque legend of the stuffed goddess.
When Carter left, he had said he was going to visit his old ancestral country around Arkham.
Ledges and outcroppings of rock afforded fairly easy foot holds for a descent, whilst after a drop of a few hundred feet, the declivity became very gradual.
They's more abaout him as I knows than I kin tell ye, Mamie, she said, an' naowadays they's more nor what I know myself.
I knew too well what they must be for was not the memory of that evil tiara at Newburyport still fresh?
It was the shrieking fulfilment of all the horror which that corpse city had ever stirred in my soul, and forgetting every injunction to silence I screamed and screamed and screamed as my nerves gave way and the walls quivered about me.
This aroused my curiosity, for I knew of no deep sea organism capable of emitting such luminosity.
I believe I did ridiculous things such as offering prayers to Artemis, Latona, Demeter, Persephone, and Plouton.
Erring as all mortals must, they were forced by their rigid code to seek concealment above all else; so that they came to use less and less taste in what they concealed.
This thing, which seemed instinct with a fearsome and unnatural malignancy, was of a somewhat bloated corpulence, and squatted evilly on a rectangular block or pedestal covered with undecipherable characters.
Could it be that I was face to face with intellectual emanations which would explain the mystery if I could but learn to discover and read them?
It had been doing that deed at the very moment the earth caved in on the thing with the claw and eyes.
From below no sound came, but only a distant, undefinable foetor; and it is not to be wondered at that the men preferred to stay on the edge and argue, rather than descend and beard the unknown Cyclopean horror in its lair.
It was not, indeed, difficult to begin a counter attack, for I knew that Joel Manton actually half clung to many old wives' superstitions which sophisticated people had long outgrown; beliefs in the appearance of dying persons at distant places, and in the impressions left by old faces on the windows through which they had gazed all their lives.
The six remaining pigs of seamen, suspecting that we were lost, had suddenly burst into a mad fury at our refusal to surrender to the Yankee battleship two days before; and were in a delirium of cursing and destruction.
The livid aspect of his countenance was intensified, his voice became more hollow and indistinct, his muscular motions were less perfectly coördinated, and his mind and will displayed less resilience and initiative.
He looked curiously at me for a second as he returned forty cents change without speaking.
I now visited the accursed place with increased frequency; studying the unwholesome vegetation of the garden, examining all the walls of the building, and poring over every inch of the earthen cellar floor.
So, too, as we sailed the next day away from Holland to our home, we thought we heard the faint distant baying of some gigantic hound in the background.
They talked of their illustrious Tyrant, and of the splendour of his capital; and exulted in the glory of the statue which Musides had wrought for him.
It surely was bad enough there was riots over it, and all sorts of ghastly doings that I don't believe ever got outside of town and it left the place in awful shape.
Birch, though dreading the bother of removal and interment, began his task of transference one disagreeable April morning, but ceased before noon because of a heavy rain that seemed to irritate his horse, after having laid but one mortal tenement to its permanent rest.
They's prints in the rud, Mis' Corey great raound prints as big as barrel heads, all sunk daown deep like a elephant had ben along, only they's a sight more nor four feet could make I looked at one or two afore I run, an' I see every one was covered with lines spreadin' aout from one place, like as if big palm leaf fans twict or three times as big as any they is hed of ben paounded daown into the rud.
It was so old, he added, that no one now could be expected to recognise it.
Everyone seemed to feel himself in close proximity to phases of Nature and of being utterly forbidden, and wholly outside the sane experience of mankind.
All I could do was to turn on the waning searchlight of the U , and with its aid walk up the temple steps and study the exterior carvings.
Then he returned to the sepulchre, and using his spade as a lever, sought to pry up the slab lying nearest to a stony ruin which may have been a monument in its day.
On the carpet they were very indistinct, but a piece of open flooring intervened between the carpet's edge and the base board.
Sir Wade was, indeed, most peculiar in his solicitude for his family; for when he returned to Africa he would permit no one to care for his young son save a loathsome black woman from Guinea.
Before Carter awaked, the gentle visitant had told him where to find that box; that carved oak box of archaic wonder whose grotesque lid no hand had raised for two centuries.
I can see him now as he was then and I shiver.
Lavinia sobbed, but Wilbur only chuckled whilst the hill noises rumbled faintly.
He stopped as he saw firm denial on the librarian's face, and his own goatish features grew crafty.
I scraped further, and saw that it had form.
Shall I say that the voice was deep; hollow; gelatinous; remote; unearthly; inhuman; disembodied?
I was up in the cupalo . . .
It was always shadowy along that river, as if the smoke of neighbouring factories shut out the sun perpetually.
It is, for instance, not often that a young physician leaving college is obliged to conceal the principles which guide his selection of a home and office, yet that was the case with Herbert West.
H. The face was such that as I gazed, I might well have been studying my mirror.
And the heart of that plotting was in The Street, whose crumbling houses teemed with alien makers of discord and echoed with the plans and speeches of those who yearned for the appointed day of blood, flame, and crime.
Everyone seemed inclined to be silent now, as though holding a secret fear.
Examined at headquarters after a trip of intense strain and weariness, the prisoners all proved to be men of a very low, mixed blooded, and mentally aberrant type.
To reach either of these lines of buildings I would have to be in a room two doors from my own in one case on the north and in the other case on the south and my mind instantly set to work calculating what chances I had of making the transfer.
I tell ye, Mis' Corey, they's suthin' abroad as hadn't orter be abroad, an' I for one think that black Wilbur Whateley, as come to the bad eend he desarved, is at the bottom of the breedin' of it.
In reply to my question Tillinghast mumbled that this permanent glow was not electrical in any sense that I could understand.
He couldn't stand what he had to do he had to get me in a strange, dark place when he minded my letter and nursed me back.
It was a vague, insistent impulse to fly away from his present situation, but held not a hint of the specific direction in which he wished to fly.
I saw the blurred outlines of the room, but from some point in space there seemed to be pouring a seething column of unrecognisable shapes or clouds, penetrating the solid roof at a point ahead and to the right of me.
His gross body could not undergo the needed adjustments between ethereal life and planet life.
He dreaded to cross the bridge that gave a view of the desolate island in the Miskatonic, so went over the Peabody Avenue bridge.
Degraded and ignorant as they were, the creatures held with surprising consistency to the central idea of their loathsome faith.
Their croaking, baying voices, clearly used for articulate speech, held all the dark shades of expression which their staring faces lacked.
Again groping toward the street, I opened a door off the hall and came upon an empty room with closely shuttered but sashless windows.
They all lay in stone houses in Their great city of R'lyeh, preserved by the spells of mighty Cthulhu for a glorious resurrection when the stars and the earth might once more be ready for Them.
This marked the beginning of a course of cattle buying on the part of small Wilbur's family which ended only in , when the Dunwich horror came and went; yet at no time did the ramshackle Whateley barn seem overcrowded with livestock.
But still these shadows of my dream deride me.
We had previously opened the doors of all the other rooms on that hall, and flung all the windows to the very top.
He found what he expected a skull crushed cruelly as if by savage blows so returning to Albany he openly charged the Martenses with the murder of their kinsman.
He was not his own master.
That, you remember, was when Minot cut him.
It is told that in the immemorial years when the world was young, before ever the men of Sarnath came to the land of Mnar, another city stood beside the lake; the grey stone city of Ib, which was old as the lake itself, and peopled with beings not pleasing to behold.
According to Mwanu, the grey city and the hybrid creatures were no more, having been annihilated by the warlike N'bangus many years ago.
I can see it a little when I make the Voorish sign or blow the powder of Ibn Ghazi at it, and it is near like them at May Eve on the Hill.
When I say that Dr. West was avid to serve in battle, I do not mean to imply that he was either naturally warlike or anxious for the safety of civilisation.
The wind grew stronger, and the air was filled with the lethal, charnel odour of plague stricken towns and uncovered cemeteries.
On the other hand, the picturesque possibilities were enormous.
References to decline were few, though the significance of the later record was unmistakable.
At the same moment bonfires blazed out on all the peaks ahead, so that terror seemed to lurk equally well before and behind us.
With whimpering insistence the squatters told tales of a daemon which seized lone wayfarers after dark, either carrying them off or leaving them in a frightful state of gnawed dismemberment; while sometimes they whispered of blood trails toward the distant mansion.
In the Land of Sona Nyl there is neither time nor space, neither suffering nor death; and there I dwelt for many aeons.
And it was wrought of one piece of ivory, though no man lives who knows whence so vast a piece could have come.
great bulgin' eyes all over it . . .
We followed them to an abandoned barn, where the remnants of a crowd of frightened foreigners were watching a silent black form on the floor.
He paused, but I could only nod my head.
Those Whateleys meant to let them in, and the worst of all is left Tell Rice and Morgan we must do something it's a blind business, but I know how to make the powder. . . .
and one, who led the way, was clad in a ghoulishly humped black coat and striped trousers, and had a man's felt hat perched on the shapeless thing that answered for a head. . . .
By the time he had reached the bridge over the Miskatonic he was in a cold perspiration, and he clutched at the iron railing as he gazed upstream at the ill regarded island whose regular lines of ancient standing stones brooded sullenly in the afternoon sunlight.
Then there rang out a scream from a wholly different throat such a scream as roused half the sleepers of Arkham and haunted their dreams ever afterward such a scream as could come from no being born of earth, or wholly of earth.
The witchcraft terror is a horrible ray of light on what was stewing in men's crushed brains, but even that is a trifle.
As the naiads neared the bog, without altering their course, a new line of stumbling stragglers zigzagged drunkenly out of the castle from some door far below my window, groped sightlessly across the courtyard and through the intervening bit of village, and joined the floundering column of labourers on the plain.
The rest had stuck sullenly to their ancestral mansion, becoming more and more clannish and taciturn, yet developing a nervous responsiveness to the frequent thunderstorms.
Let somebody lead the way I don't know your roads very well, but I've an idea there might be a shorter cut across lots.
In saying that West's fear of his specimens was nebulous, I have in mind particularly its complex nature.
Wilbur was growing up uncannily, so that he looked like a boy of ten as he entered his fourth year.
Ave, Caesar, moriturus te saluto he shouted, and dropped to the whiskey reeking floor, never to rise again.
West and I had met in college, and I had been the only one to sympathise with his hideous experiments.
My friend said they were horrible and impressive beyond my most fevered imaginings; that what was thrown on a screen in the darkened room prophesied things none but Nyarlathotep dared prophesy, and that in the sputter of his sparks there was taken from men that which had never been taken before yet which shewed only in the eyes.
There was not much, though, that he could say.
And through the window was the street where the golden lights came, and where the shadows danced on houses of marble.
Gilman dropped in at a doctor's office on the th of the month, and was surprised to find his temperature was not as high as he had feared.
Once when the gentle rain fell I glided in a barge down a sunless stream under the earth till I reached another world of purple twilight, iridescent arbours, and undying roses.
Over and above the fumes and sickening closeness rises an aroma once familiar throughout the land, but now happily banished to the back streets of life by the edict of a benevolent government the aroma of strong, wicked whiskey a precious kind of forbidden fruit indeed in this year of grace .
That night Slater slept quietly, and the next morning he wakened with no singular feature save a certain alteration of expression.
She knew Uncle Chris well enough to expect such things of the Carter blood.
Yet through the dark natures of the father and the son ran one redeeming ray of humanity; the evil old man loved his offspring with fierce intensity, whilst the youth had for his parent a more than filial affection.
He tried to recall just where he had found the key, but something seemed very confused.
Gilman's dreams consisted largely in plunges through limitless abysses of inexplicably coloured twilight and bafflingly disordered sound; abysses whose material and gravitational properties, and whose relation to his own entity, he could not even begin to explain.
At the bottom of that valley a river once had flowed; for as I examined the scene more closely I beheld the remains of stone and marble bridges and sea walls, and terraces and embankments once verdant and beautiful.
Matt Eliot, his fust mate, talked a lot, too, only he was agin' folks's doin' any heathen things.
Then we turned to the left into High Street, where the going was smoother; flying by stately old mansions of the early republic and still older colonial farmhouses, passing the Lower Green and Parker River, and finally emerging into a long, monotonous stretch of open shore country.
From several directions in the distance, however, I could hear the sound of hoarse voices, of footsteps, and of a curious kind of pattering which did not sound quite like footsteps.
The place was an ancient cemetery; so ancient that I trembled at the manifold signs of immemorial years.
I was, it appeared, in very bad luck.
For several days they glided undulatingly over the water, till finally they came to the horizon, where the sea meets the sky.
Git aout o' here Git aout o' here They seen us git aout fer your life Dun't wait fer nothin' they know naow Run fer it quick aout o' this taown  Another heavy wave dashed against the loosening masonry of the bygone wharf, and changed the mad ancient's whisper to another inhuman and blood curdling scream.
There were all sorts of rumours about how Marsh had come to look.
His aspect and voice became utterly frightful, and his presence almost unbearable.
Indeed, it never was rented after a series of deaths culminating in , which the excitement of the war tended to throw into obscurity.
He used to make shuddering conjectures about the possible actions of a headless physician with the power of reanimating the dead.
You might have surmised I had some inside information when I dropped him and that's why I don't want to think where he's gone.
But here's a funny thing.
These were now fixed upon me, piercing my soul with their hatred, and rooting me to the spot whereon I stood.
At length I saw a grass grown opening toward the sea between crumbling brick walls, with the weedy length of an earth and masonry wharf projecting beyond.
I said to myself, with all the ardour of a sculptor, that this man was a faun's statue out of antique Hellas, dug from a temple's ruins and brought somehow to life in our stifling age only to feel the chill and pressure of devastating years.
I am not even yet willing to say whether what followed was a hideous actuality or only a nightmare hallucination.
Over everything was a pall of intensely maddening fear, and the climax was reached when the furry thing ran up the dreamer's clothing to his shoulders and then down his left arm, finally biting him sharply in the wrist just below his cuff.
Then they both started for the outer door; the woman lamely creeping, and the old man, after picking up the very book I had been reading, beckoning me as he drew his hood over that unmoving face or mask.
Rain had long effaced any possible footprints, though Boston investigators had something to say about evidences of disturbances among the fallen timbers of the Carter place.
The latter, he had said, was the daughter of a Portuguese trader whom he had met in Africa; and did not like English ways.
She had found it in the young gentleman's bed on the side next the wall.
In the dust and shadows of the great attic he found it, remote and forgotten at the back of a drawer in a tall chest.
Williamson records and traditions were supplied in abundance by my grandfather; though for Orne material I had to depend on my uncle Walter, who put at my disposal the contents of all his files, including notes, letters, cuttings, heirlooms, photographs, and miniatures.
He sometimes dreamed better when awake, and he wanted to use that key.
And yet as one reared in the best Kultur of Prussia I should not have been amazed, for geology and tradition alike tell us of great transpositions in oceanic and continental areas.
Do you know what that is? he whispered.
A word with any outsider was a relief to him.
He was getting an intuitive knack for solving Riemannian equations, and astonished Professor Upham by his comprehension of fourth dimensional and other problems which had floored all the rest of the class.
In the place of conical hats and muskets there were three cornered hats and small swords, and lace and snowy periwigs.
His hands were large and heavily veined, and had a very unusual greyish blue tinge.
I have harnessed the shadows that stride from world to world to sow death and madness. . . .
The narrow transom admitted only the feeblest of rays, and the overhead ventilation funnel virtually none at all; so that he was reduced to a profane fumbling as he made his halting way among the long boxes toward the latch.
They were a kind of fugue, with recurrent passages of the most captivating quality, but to me were notable for the absence of any of the weird notes I had overheard from my room below on other occasions.
It was in one of the most open and least frequented parts of the broad Pacific that the packet of which I was supercargo fell a victim to the German sea raider.
I told him, too, of the fears of others in that region, and how they were whispered down for generations; and how no mythical madness came to the boy who in entered an abandoned house to examine certain traces suspected to be there.
Eagerly clearing the sheet of its precious contents, I scanned the item in detail; and was disappointed to find it of only moderate length.
The bus, rather early, rattled in with three passengers somewhat before eight, and an evil looking fellow on the sidewalk muttered a few indistinguishable words to the driver.
Probably it was the shrill piping that awaked me, yet that piping was not what I noticed first when I opened my eyes.
Give me that decanter, Eliot There was one thing called The Lesson heaven pity me, that I ever saw it Listen can you fancy a squatting circle of nameless dog like things in a churchyard teaching a small child how to feed like themselves?
A kind of growing horror, of outré and morbid cast, seemed to possess him.
The cause of the conference was a horror that brooded on the hills.
The material seemed to be predominantly gold, though a weird lighter lustrousness hinted at some strange alloy with an equally beautiful and scarcely identifiable metal.
He seemed, in fine, to have picked up an odd gift of prophecy; and reacted unusually to things which, though at the time without meaning, were later found to justify the singular impressions.
In the electric light the colour seemed to be a kind of iridescent grey veined with green, and Gilman could see amidst his horror and bewilderment that one of the knobs ended in a jagged break corresponding to its former point of attachment to the dream railing.
Our museum was a blasphemous, unthinkable place, where with the satanic taste of neurotic virtuosi we had assembled an universe of terror and decay to excite our jaded sensibilities.
The loungers reflected, thinking of the door and runway, and of the cattle that so swiftly disappeared.
Had Gilman unconsciously succeeded better than he knew in his studies of space and its dimensions?
One of these things which excited several Miskatonic professors profoundly is a badly damaged monstrosity plainly resembling the strange image which Gilman gave to the college museum, save that it is larger, wrought of some peculiar bluish stone instead of metal, and possessed of a singularly angled pedestal with undecipherable hieroglyphics.
But Johansen had not given out yet.
Geologists, the curator told me, had found it a monstrous puzzle; for they vowed that the world held no rock like it.
Had there been a noise I had not heard?
It was, the Belgian averred, a most extraordinary object; an object quite beyond the power of a layman to classify.
Iä R'lyeh Cthulhu fhtagn Iä Iä No, I shall not shoot myself I cannot be made to shoot myself I shall plan my cousin's escape from that Canton madhouse, and together we shall go to marvel shadowed Innsmouth.
Pronounced well by his physician, he returned to his quarters in three days; but to Professor Angell he was of no further assistance.
But his wife had said she found a funny tin thing in one of the beds when she fixed the rooms at noon, and maybe that was it.
This tribe, after destroying most of the edifices and killing the live beings, had carried off the stuffed goddess which had been the object of their quest; the white ape goddess which the strange beings worshipped, and which was held by Congo tradition to be the form of one who had reigned as a princess among those beings.
Dogs abhorred the boy, and he was always obliged to take various defensive measures against their barking menace.
The box held only a queer parchment whose characters no linguist or palaeographer has been able to decipher or identify.
But Sheehan had reckoned without scientific knowledge of abnormal psychology and the effects of nervous stimulus.
Too well did I recall the squat church from which those notes came.
Earl Sawyer went out to the Whateley place with both sets of reporters and camera men, and called their attention to the queer stench which now seemed to trickle down from the sealed upper spaces.
He might, he half jestingly said, some day teach me to live or at least to possess some kind of conscious existence without any heart at all For his part, he was afflicted with a complication of maladies requiring a very exact regimen which included constant cold.
And on the thirty first day that we followed the bird, we beheld the basalt pillars of the West.
Instead, he pondered deeply, and made many plans for the following day.
They were, he said, of very grotesque and almost repulsive design, and had never to his knowledge been publicly worn; though my grandmother used to enjoy looking at them.
Despite what I had heard of this hotel in Newburyport, I signed the register, paid my dollar, let the clerk take my valise, and followed that sour, solitary attendant up three creaking flights of stairs past dusty corridors which seemed wholly devoid of life.
The months following my discovery were spent in futile attempts to force the complicated padlock of the slightly open vault, and in carefully guarded inquiries regarding the nature and history of the structure.
How long it might require to evoke and extinguish the thing, we had no notion.
At length Athib told him that their journey was near its end, and that they would soon enter the harbour of Serannian, the pink marble city of the clouds, which is built on that ethereal coast where the west wind flows into the sky; but as the highest of the city's carven towers came into sight there was a sound somewhere in space, and Kuranes awaked in his London garret.
It was Asaph's coffin, Birch, just as I thought I knew his teeth, with the front ones missing on the upper jaw never, for God's sake, shew those wounds The body was pretty badly gone, but if ever I saw vindictiveness on any face or former face. . . .
Birch, in his ghastly situation, was now too low for an easy scramble out of the enlarged transom; but gathered his energies for a determined try.
I'll tell you, I'm good and tired of water after reading of the merry bouts fellows used to have in the old days.
And I recall that there was no wind, and that the moon was out, and that all the lights of the city twinkled.
It must have been merely the association of any odd circumstance with the sinister nature of our location and mission, for surely the circumstance was not in itself frightful or unnatural.
Dangers he met unflinchingly; crimes he committed unmoved.
The speaking impulse seemed to falter here, as if some frightful psychic struggle were going on.
Besides, he was almost sure that nothing can be really unnamable.
My back was toward the fishy smelling sea, but he was facing it, and something or other had caused his wandering gaze to light on the low, distant line of Devil Reef, then shewing plainly and almost fascinatingly above the waves.
Some secrets of inner earth are not good for mankind, and this seemed to me one of them.
At Lawrence he had been prominent in the mock fraternity of Tappa Tappa Keg, where he was the wildest and merriest of the wild and merry young roysterers; but this immature, collegiate frivolity did not satisfy him.
The Hermes of Kalos stood in a marble shrine in Corinth, and the Pallas of Musides surmounted a pillar in Athens, near the Parthenon.
What he wanted was not a thing which many persons want, but something connected with the peculiar branch of medical science which he had chosen quite clandestinely to follow, and in which he had achieved amazing and occasionally hideous results.
Mumbled tales of the weird rites and godless revels of bygone years in the ancient hall gave to me a new and potent interest in the tomb, before whose door I would sit for hours at a time each day.
On the third morning of the wanderers' stay in Ulthar, Menes could not find his kitten; and as he sobbed aloud in the market place certain villagers told him of the old man and his wife, and of sounds heard in the night.
Wonder had gone away, and he had forgotten that all life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.
That fateful night I was wildly agitated and perturbed, for despite the excellent care he had received, Joe Slater was unmistakably dying.
It seemed as if many bulging, watery, unwinking eyes looked oddly at me as I claimed my valise in the lobby, and I hoped that none of these unpleasant creatures would be my fellow passengers on the coach.
I took it because of the queer old brick well in the cellar one of the sort I told you about.
My friend was dying when I spoke to him, and he could not answer coherently.
The authorities at Tulane University could shed no light upon either cult or image, and now the detective had come to the highest authorities in the country and met with no more than the Greenland tale of Professor Webb.
Then P. Scribonius the proconsul signified his approval of my words, and stationed me with the cohort in the provisional capacity of a centurio primipilus; Balbutius and Asellius assenting, the former with better grace than the latter.
Of the original workmanship of this titanic thing I can only make conjectures.
From whatever direction the daemon might come, our potential escape was provided.
The soldiers were the fifth cohort of the XIIth legion, under the military tribune Sex.
For some distance the line kept on along the gorge's brink, but at length I reached the long covered bridge where it crossed the chasm at a dizzy height.
For some time he rambled on with an almost feverish geniality, when it struck me to ask him how he came by so rare a book as Pigafetta's Regnum Congo.
His own view, postulating simply a building and location of markedly unsanitary qualities, had nothing to do with abnormality; but he realised that the very picturesqueness which aroused his own interest would in a boy's fanciful mind take on all manner of gruesome imaginative associations.
From each hearth the familiar cat had vanished; cats large and small, black, grey, striped, yellow, and white.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
And when the moon came out at last Atal was safe on the lower snows of the mountain without sight of earth's gods, or of the other gods.
Over the valley's rim a wan, waning crescent moon peered through the noisome vapours that seemed to emanate from unheard of catacombs, and by its feeble, wavering beams I could distinguish a repellent array of antique slabs, urns, cenotaphs, and mausolean facades; all crumbling, moss grown, and moisture stained, and partly concealed by the gross luxuriance of the unhealthy vegetation.
I liked it there, for the doctors were broad minded, and even lent me their influence in obtaining the carefully sheltered copy of Alhazred's objectionable Necronomicon from the library of Miskatonic University.
We lived as recluses; devoid of friends, alone, and without servants in a few rooms of an ancient manor house on a bleak and unfrequented moor; so that our doors were seldom disturbed by the knock of the visitor.
All at once the head turned sharply in my direction and the eyes fell open, causing me to stare in blank amazement at what I beheld.
But what actually absorbed our minds was the secret laboratory we had fitted up in the cellar the laboratory with the long table under the electric lights, where in the small hours of the morning we often injected West's various solutions into the veins of the things we dragged from the potter's field.
I told you it was dangerous to move.
And the tomb where you put those bones, and the other grave without an inscription the whole thing must be a bit terrible.
The place is a remote, lonely elevation in that part of the Catskills where Dutch civilisation once feebly and transiently penetrated, leaving behind as it receded only a few ruined mansions and a degenerate squatter population inhabiting pitiful hamlets on isolated slopes.
It was on the twenty first of February, , that the thing finally occurred.
And as I looked, I beheld the head rise, the black, liquid, and deep sunken eyes open in terror, and the thin, shadowed lips part as if for a scream too frightful to be uttered.
And so it was with the waking nightmare of Tempest Mountain; the discovery that two monsters had haunted the spot gave me ultimately a mad craving to plunge into the very earth of the accursed region, and with bare hands dig out the death that leered from every inch of the poisonous soil.
It was hurt, but not destroyed.
The Whateleys had received their visitors with ill concealed distaste, though they did not dare court further publicity by a violent resistance or refusal to talk.
What baffled us was our utter ignorance of the aspect in which we might encounter the thing.
If it had only snarled, or bayed, or laughed titteringly even that would have relieved the abysmal hideousness.
When he complained, and longed to escape into twilight realms where magic moulded all the little vivid fragments and prized associations of his mind into vistas of breathless expectancy and unquenchable delight, they turned him instead toward the new found prodigies of science, bidding him find wonder in the atom's vortex and mystery in the sky's dimensions.
Of my own race I was permitted to learn singularly little, yet what small knowledge of it I was able to gain, seemed to depress me much.
It sounded so unnatural slopping like, he said that he didn't dare undress and go to sleep.
Its persistence among a simple people was quite natural in view of the sudden and permanent return of abundantly fine fishing, and it soon came to be the greatest influence on the town, replacing Freemasonry altogether and taking up headquarters in the old Masonic Hall on New Church Green.
One night he went flying over dark mountains where there were faint, lone campfires at great distances apart, and strange, shaggy herds with tinkling bells on the leaders; and in the wildest part of this hilly country, so remote that few men could ever have seen it, he found a hideously ancient wall or causeway of stone zigzagging along the ridges and valleys; too gigantic ever to have risen by human hands, and of such a length that neither end of it could be seen.
Lest you think me a biassed witness, another's pen must add this final testimony, which may perhaps supply the climax you expect.
Cathuria, I would say to myself, is the abode of gods and the land of unnumbered cities of gold.
Once I went up to the garret during theatre hours, when Zann was away, but the door was locked.
Perhaps in unremembered dreams tonight; perhaps in some other form an aeon hence, when the solar system shall have been swept away.
Reid, you know, had just taken up comparative pathology, and was full of pompous inside stuff about the biological or evolutionary significance of this or that mental or physical symptom.
He licked the nose of the bottle and slipped it into his pocket, then beginning to nod and whisper softly to himself.
The curator of the historical society there Mr. E. Lapham Peabody was very courteous about assisting me, and expressed unusual interest when I told him I was a grandson of Eliza Orne of Arkham, who was born in and had married James Williamson of Ohio at the age of seventeen.
There was a hideous screaming which echoed above even the hill noises and the dogs' barking on the night Wilbur was born, but no known doctor or midwife presided at his coming.
I remember seizing my revolver and hat, but before it was over I had lost them both without firing the one or donning the other.
Here he pointed to a fabulous creature of the artist, which one might describe as a sort of dragon with the head of an alligator.
If you are normal, that is the way you ought to get most of it . . .
This time he resolved to reply in kind, and his own hands reached out for the creature's throat.
As the afternoon advanced, it became increasingly difficult to see; and we heard the rumble of a thunderstorm gathering over Tempest Mountain.
A moment later came the titanic thunderbolt of thunderbolts; blasting that accursed house of unutterable secrets and bringing the oblivion which alone saved my mind.
What I saw in the glow of my flashlight after I shot the unspeakable straggling object was so simple that almost a minute elapsed before I understood and went delirious.
In order to reach it, he said, he would soar through abysses of emptiness, burning every obstacle that stood in his way.
And he perceived that there was no door on this landward end, but only a couple of small lattice windows with dingy bull's eye panes leaded in seventeenth century fashion.
After midnight their shrill notes burst into a kind of pandaemoniac cachinnation which filled all the countryside, and not until dawn did they finally quiet down.
As the particles struck the glassy surface at the centre of the strange device, they seemed to produce a crackling noise like the sputtering of a vacuum tube through which sparks are passed.
But as to this thing we've just sent back the Whateleys raised it for a terrible part in the doings that were to come.
All was in vain; the death that had come had left no trace save destruction itself.
As I look back across the years I realise how unreal it seems; and sometimes half wonder if old Dr. Fenton was not right when he charged it all to my excited imagination.
Be it then known that I was born on the family Estate in Devonshire, of the th day of August, or in the new Gregorian Stile of Reckoning, the th of August, being therefore now in my th year.
Then, when he was free, he felt in his blouse pocket for the key; and being reassured, skipped off across the orchard to the rise beyond, where the wooded hill climbed again to heights above even the treeless knoll.
I do not know how I came to live on such a street, but I was not myself when I moved there.
There was nothing I could say, because everything was wrong.
I was eventually, I may add, almost cured of my disease for all time by his skilful ministrations.
We shall see that at which dogs howl in the dark, and that at which cats prick up their ears after midnight.
I found what I had half expected, that where the shunned house now stood the Roulets had laid out their graveyard behind a one story and attic cottage, and that no record of any transfer of graves existed.
During the next few days Gilman enjoyed an almost perfect immunity from morbid manifestations.
I've got a place that I don't believe three living Nordic men besides myself have ever seen.
We had devised two weapons to fight it; a large and specially fitted Crookes tube operated by powerful storage batteries and provided with peculiar screens and reflectors, in case it proved intangible and opposable only by vigorously destructive ether radiations, and a pair of military flame throwers of the sort used in the world war, in case it proved partly material and susceptible of mechanical destruction for like the superstitious Exeter rustics, we were prepared to burn the thing's heart out if heart existed to burn.
I now saw that the hall room above mine the leetle room of bottles and machines which Mrs. Herrero had mentioned was merely the laboratory of the doctor; and that his main living quarters lay in the spacious adjoining room whose convenient alcoves and large contiguous bathroom permitted him to hide all dressers and obtrusive utilitarian devices.
But speech gave place to gasps again, and Lavinia screamed at the way the whippoorwills followed the change.
I had been lying with my face away from my uncle's chair, so that in this sudden flash of awakening I saw only the door to the street, the more northerly window, and the wall and floor and ceiling toward the north of the room, all photographed with morbid vividness on my brain in a light brighter than the glow of the fungi or the rays from the street outside.
Out the window I could see the blue water and the sandy line of Plum Island, and we presently drew very near the beach as our narrow road veered off from the main highway to Rowley and Ipswich.
Professor Rice declares that he wholly lost consciousness for an instant, though he did not stumble or fall.
And knowing that to this sunken place all the dead had come, I trembled and did not wish again to speak with the lotos faces.
Since most of my ancestors had been seized some little while before they reached the exact age of Comte Henri at his end, I was every moment on the watch for the coming of the unknown death.
What with this an' that, he didn't git to sleep at all till sunup, an' no sooner was he up this mornin', but he's got to go over to Whateley's an' see what's the matter.
When, two days after my frightful crawl through that crypt of the eyes and claw, I learned that a thing had malignly hovered twenty miles away at the same instant the eyes were glaring at me, I experienced virtual convulsions of fright.
This I learned at once from newspaper accounts of the catastrophe which first brought the region to the world's notice.
After a while he began to shudder, and turned away from the scene as if frightened; yet could give no explanation save that he was overcome with the vastness, darkness, remoteness, antiquity, and mystery of the oceanic abysses.
Thank heaven these creatures employed no dogs for tracking though perhaps that would have been impossible amidst the omnipresent regional odour.
Let us go to Oonai, O Iranon of the golden head, where men shall know our longings and welcome us as brothers, nor ever laugh or frown at what we say.
Then, driven ahead by curiosity in their captured yacht under Johansen's command, the men sight a great stone pillar sticking out of the sea, and in S. Latitude , W. Longitude come upon a coast line of mingled mud, ooze, and weedy Cyclopean masonry which can be nothing less than the tangible substance of earth's supreme terror the nightmare corpse city of R'lyeh, that was built in measureless aeons behind history by the vast, loathsome shapes that seeped down from the dark stars.
As the White Ship sailed silently away from the templed terraces of Zar, we beheld on the distant horizon ahead the spires of a mighty city; and the bearded man said to me: This is Thalarion, the City of a Thousand Wonders, wherein reside all those mysteries that man has striven in vain to fathom.
The abysses were by no means vacant, being crowded with indescribably angled masses of alien hued substance, some of which appeared to be organic while others seemed inorganic.
I had encountered it in my genealogical work, but not in any record since the Revolution.
He did not try to navigate after the first bold flight, for the reaction had taken something out of his soul.
The door, a ponderous and forbidding slab of stone, hangs upon rusted iron hinges, and is fastened ajar in a queerly sinister way by means of heavy iron chains and padlocks, according to a gruesome fashion of half a century ago.
West told me how he had obtained the specimen.
This, indeed, proved to be true; and the party were seen to gain the minor elevation only a short time after the invisible blasphemy had passed it.
He had stopped at Elwood's door on the way, but had found all dark within.
It had been rather presumptuous of him to open the unlocked door after knocking had failed to rouse a response, but he had needed the help very badly and thought that his host would not mind a gentle prodding awake.
You could take that old bus, I suppose, he said with a certain hesitation, but it ain't thought much of hereabouts.
His frightened horse had gone home, but his frightened wits never quite did that.
And there were also their bonneted wives and sober children.
The facade, of immense magnitude, apparently covers a continuous hollow recess; for its windows are many and widely distributed.
This is the last rational act I ever performed.
I was very glad of this partial shelter, since at this point the Rowley road was uncomfortably near according to my window view.
Musides, weeping, promised him a sepulchre more lovely than the tomb of Mausolus; but Kalos bade him speak no more of marble glories.
On the far, misty horizon I could just make out the dizzy profile of the Head, topped by the queer ancient house of which so many legends are told; but for the moment all my attention was captured by the nearer panorama just below me.
Then, as the flash subsided, I saw that my host was trembling too; a look of shocking fear half blotting from his face the serpent distortion of rage which my screams had excited.
But the looked for terror did not appear.
Horrified, he had taken to the woods in a vague effort to escape from the scene of what must have been his crime.
Taking a pocket flashlight from my valise, I placed it in my trousers, so that I could read my watch if I woke up later in the dark.
The children and the womenfolk whimpered, kept from screaming by some obscure, vestigial instinct of defence which told them their lives depended on silence.
Our situation had suddenly become grave indeed; for though the chemical air regenerators were intact, and though we could use the devices for raising and submerging the ship and opening the hatches as long as compressed air and storage batteries might hold out, we were powerless to propel or guide the submarine.
I recall him to have worn a bushy Bob Wig, untyed and without Powder, and much too small for his Head.
I suppose one should start in the cold December of , when the ground froze and the cemetery delvers found they could dig no more graves till spring.
Swarthy and sinister were most of the strangers, yet among them one might find a few faces like those who fashioned The Street and moulded its spirit.
Once more I say that I have no clear idea of our object on that night.
For the aeons that I dwelt there I wandered blissfully through gardens where quaint pagodas peep from pleasing clumps of bushes, and where the white walks are bordered with delicate blossoms.
He could not walk, it appeared, and the emerging moon must have witnessed a horrible sight as he dragged his bleeding ankles toward the cemetery lodge; his fingers clawing the black mould in brainless haste, and his body responding with that maddening slowness from which one suffers when chased by the phantoms of nightmare.
Still, he was very old and very feeble, and there were two visitors.
Don't ask me what it is they see.
So Carter had tried to do as others did, and pretended that the common events and emotions of earthy minds were more important than the fantasies of rare and delicate souls.
There were shocking dooms that might be called out of the hills on the Sabbaths; dooms which ought not to exist within the territories of the Roman People; and to permit orgies of the kind known to prevail at Sabbaths would be but little in consonance with the customs of those whose forefathers, A. Postumius being consul, had executed so many Roman citizens for the practice of the Bacchanalia a matter kept ever in memory by the Senatus Consultum de Bacchanalibus, graven upon bronze and set open to every eye.
Only the least fraction was really matter in any sense we know.
He was called Old Bugs, and was the most disreputable object in a disreputable environment.
Attaining distinction as a boy through his wonderful mentality, he won vast fame at the University of Wisconsin, and at the age of twenty three returned to Appleton to take up a professorship at Lawrence and to slip a diamond upon the finger of Appleton's fairest and most brilliant daughter.
One other thing is curious.
I felt immediately that it was the right one; a guess which the half illegible sign on the windshield Arkham Innsmouth Newb'port soon verified.
It was amply large enough for a man to wriggle through; and though no sane person would have tried it at that time, I forgot danger, reason, and cleanliness in my single minded fever to unearth the lurking fear.
Most of these, however, soon shewed their poverty and barrenness; and he saw that the popular doctrines of occultism are as dry and inflexible as those of science, yet without even the slender palliative of truth to redeem them.
I had heard no speech so far in this quarter, and was unaccountably anxious not to do so.
Cahoone in the War of .
Only poetry or madness could do justice to the noises heard by Legrasse's men as they ploughed on through the black morass toward the red glare and the muffled tom toms.
I hed two er three schoolmasters read me a bit, and Passon Clark, him they say got draownded in the pond kin yew make anything outen it?
Most of its earlier length was uncomfortably visible from the Rowley road, and from high places in the town itself; but one could perhaps crawl inconspicuously through the undergrowth.
New kinds of faces appeared in The Street; swarthy, sinister faces with furtive eyes and odd features, whose owners spoke unfamiliar words and placed signs in known and unknown characters upon most of the musty houses.
We may guess that in dreams life, matter, and vitality, as the earth knows such things, are not necessarily constant; and that time and space do not exist as our waking selves comprehend them.
West's head was carried off by the wax headed leader, who wore a Canadian officer's uniform.
That it could not come from any known myth or romance was made especially clear by the fact that the unfortunate lunatic expressed himself only in his own simple manner.
Remember, I ain't sayin' Obed was set on hevin' things jest like they was on that Kanaky isle.
In another week the burgomaster decided to overcome his fears and call at the strangely silent dwelling as a matter of duty, though in so doing he was careful to take with him Shang the blacksmith and Thul the cutter of stone as witnesses.
What ensued can best be gathered from the tales of servants and from things and papers later examined.
For as the voice which has come has brought fresh mists from the sea and from the north fresh lights, so do they say that still other voices will bring more mists and more lights, till perhaps the olden gods whose existence they hint only in whispers for fear the Congregational parson shall hear may come out of the deep and from unknown Kadath in the cold waste and make their dwelling on that evilly appropriate crag so close to the gentle hills and valleys of quiet simple fisherfolk.
Many covered their eyes with their hands, and plunged blindly and awkwardly in their race to escape; overturning furniture and stumbling against the walls before they managed to reach one of the many doors.
Indeed, the greatest problem was to get them fresh enough West had had horrible experiences during his secret college researches with corpses of doubtful vintage.
After the close of the American war he was heard of as a sailor on a merchantman in the African trade, having a kind of reputation for feats of strength and climbing, but finally disappearing one night as his ship lay off the Congo coast.
In the later dreams he began to distinguish separate categories into which the organic objects appeared to be divided, and which seemed to involve in each case a radically different species of conduct pattern and basic motivation.
But I might not be mad if those accursed tomb legions had not been so silent.
We used to laugh at him, for we knew him from his birth though he thought himself a King's son.
Yes, Thurber, I decided long ago that one must paint terror as well as beauty from life, so I did some exploring in places where I had reason to know terror lives.
The fragmentary descriptions of these things were bald and prosaic, but they hinted to me an undercurrent of persistent strangeness.
He had taken somewhat after his unknown father.
Kuranes was now very anxious to return to minaret studded Celephaïs, and increased his doses of drugs; but eventually he had no more money left, and could buy no drugs.
There were many palaces, the least of which were mightier than any in Thraa or Ilarnek or Kadatheron.
Dolphins still encircled the U , a somewhat remarkable circumstance considering the distance we had covered.
That idol, enshrined in the high temple at Ilarnek, was subsequently worshipped beneath the gibbous moon throughout the land of Mnar.
But he was old, and shook his head as he replied: O stranger, I have indeed heard the name of Aira, and the other names thou hast spoken, but they come to me from afar down the waste of long years.
The more I studied them the more I wondered how he could buy any shoes to fit them.
The specimen, as West repeatedly observed, had a splendid nervous system.
The title of the picture was, Holmes, Lowell, and Longfellow Lie Buried in Mount Auburn.
And so they went up wildly over rocks and gulfs, slipping and stumbling, and sometimes awed at the vastness and horrible silence of bleak ice pinnacles and mute granite steeps.
Leading me within, he steered a course in utter blackness over what seemed to be a gravel path, and finally up a flight of stone steps to the door of the house, which he unlocked and opened for me.
Whence he had come, no one could tell.
What I saw was an extended and elaborate array of ruined edifices; all of magnificent though unclassified architecture, and in various stages of preservation.
The lodgers and police on that night soothed me, and the doctor administered something to quiet me, nor did anyone see what a nightmare event had taken place.
He was, like Boethius and nearly all the eminent men of his age, of the great Anician family, and traced his genealogy with much exactitude and self satisfaction to all the heroes of the republic.
Refusing to flee, I watched it fade and as I watched I felt that it was in turn watching me greedily with eyes more imaginable than visible.
It seems that on that last hideous night Joe had stooped to look at the crimson rat tracks which led from Gilman's couch to the nearby hole.
Alone I buried him beneath the stones of the courtyard about which he had loved to wander in life.
God knows it was not of this world or no longer of this world yet to my horror I saw in its eaten away and bone revealing outlines a leering, abhorrent travesty on the human shape; and in its mouldy, disintegrating apparel an unspeakable quality that chilled me even more.
He granted for the sake of argument that some unnatural monster had really existed, but reminded me that even the most morbid perversion of Nature need not be unnamable or scientifically indescribable.
I shall ask him when I see him, for I expect to meet him shortly in a certain dream city we both used to haunt.
After the fading of the last match I dared to waste, I sat very quietly without a light.
It was then that I saw the tumbledown fire station on my left, and noticed the red faced, bushy bearded, watery eyed old man in nondescript rags who sat on a bench in front of it talking with a pair of unkempt but not abnormal looking firemen.
So I tried to read, and soon became tremblingly absorbed by something I found in that accursed Necronomicon; a thought and a legend too hideous for sanity or consciousness.
Near the central desk a revolver had fallen, a dented but undischarged cartridge later explaining why it had not been fired.
That last scare had come while I was reaching to uncurl it, and it seems I had vacantly crumpled it into my pocket.
You on earth have unwittingly felt its distant presence you who without knowing idly gave to its blinking beacon the name of Algol, the Daemon Star.
I could sleep a little after they had done this, but true rest will never come as long as I remember that nameless secret of the lurking fear.
One day near noon, after a profound sleep begun in a whiskey debauch at about five of the previous afternoon, the man had roused himself most suddenly; with ululations so horrible and unearthly that they brought several neighbours to his cabin a filthy sty where he dwelt with a family as indescribable as himself.
As the dead man was thrown overboard there occurred two incidents which created much disturbance amongst the crew.
Still others, including Joe himself, have theories too wild and fantastic for sober credence.
Everybody got aout o' the idee o' dyin' excep' in canoe wars with the other islanders, or as sacrifices to the sea gods daown below, or from snake bite or plague or sharp gallopin' ailments or somethin' afore they cud take to the water but simply looked forrad to a kind o' change that wa'n't a bit horrible arter a while.
And dogs barked as the yellow light of small paned windows shone out at the farther turn, and the Pleiades twinkled across the open knoll where a great gambrel roof stood black against the dim west.
This belief had early led me to contemplate the possibility of telepathy or mental communication by means of suitable apparatus, and I had in my college days prepared a set of transmitting and receiving instruments somewhat similar to the cumbrous devices employed in wireless telegraphy at that crude, pre radio period.
In the tower of the great temple the priests held revels, and in pavilions without the walls the princes of neighbouring lands made merry.
His right hand fell on one of the projecting figures, the touch seeming to steady him slightly.
They had not seen it, but had heard such cries from one of their hamlets that they knew a creeping death had come.
Tonight I go as a Nemesis bearing just and blazingly cataclysmic vengeance.
There followed a few spasmodic muscular motions, and then an audible breathing and visible motion of the chest.
Once he heard of a man in the South who was shunned and feared for the blasphemous things he read in prehistoric books and clay tablets smuggled from India and Arabia.
Accordingly my watches by the dank portal became less persistent, and much of my time was spent in other though equally strange pursuits.
For an impersonal doctor, Davis' ominous and awestruck cross examination became very strange indeed as he sought to drain from the weakened undertaker every least detail of his horrible experience.
He had not mentioned this before, but now he must tell about it because it meant that Keziah and her long toothed familiar were haunting the young gentleman.
Gilman wondered, too, whether he could trust his instinct to take him back to the right part of space.
Is it possible that even my latest fear is sheer delusion?
Through the lenses were discernible three tiny figures, apparently running toward the summit as fast as the steep incline allowed.
This tiara was neither.
Late at night the two youths sat drowsing in their chairs, lulled by the rhythmical praying of the loomfixer on the floor below.
A few persons had half seen it in the dark, and said it was white and like a malformed ape or anthropomorphic fiend.
Viscous obstacles were clawed through in rapid succession, and at length I felt that we had been borne to realms of greater remoteness than any we had previously known.
I did not undress, but decided to read till I was sleepy and then lie down with only my coat, collar, and shoes off.
Now and then on some mountain top a gaunt circle of stones could be glimpsed against the sky.
Birch, before , had been the village undertaker of Peck Valley; and was a very calloused and primitive specimen even as such specimens go.
Then one night when the moon was full the travellers came to a mountain crest and looked down upon the myriad lights of Oonai.
We sware to one another that the city was exactly the same, and still alive; and when the electric lights began to fade we cursed the company over and over again, and laughed at the queer faces we made.
I heard them in my youth from the lips of a playmate, a beggar's boy given to strange dreams, who would weave long tales about the moon and the flowers and the west wind.
The form near me seemed to feel a change also, for it gradually brought its discourse toward a conclusion, and itself prepared to quit the scene; fading from my sight at a rate somewhat less rapid than that of the other objects.
But even in this acute moment my chief horror was something apart from the immediate weakness of my defences.
It had hellishly long, sharp, canine teeth.
Waterfront scum was far too common for special mention; though there was vague talk about one inland trip these mongrels had made, during which faint drumming and red flame were noted on the distant hills.
Your curiosity makes you irresponsible.
A wavering flicker of light shewed through my transom, and the boards of the corridor began to groan with a ponderous load.
Why don't you laugh at Oliver's grandfather, who won't ride in a motor?
My friend was more wrought upon than I had suspected, for at this touch of harmless theatricalism he started neurotically away from me and actually cried out with a sort of gulping gasp which released a strain of previous repression.
It was his twin brother, but it looked more like the father than he did.
After years he began to call the slow sailing stars by name, and to follow them in fancy when they glided regretfully out of sight; till at length his vision opened to many secret vistas whose existence no common eye suspects.
Undoubtedly he could still manage to walk away from the pull; so with great resolution he headed against it and dragged himself deliberately north along Garrison Street.
I was very sorry for him, for I dislike to see a German suffer; but he was not a good man to die with.
But in that triumph there came to me the greatest of all horrors not horror of the thing that spoke, but of the deed that I had witnessed and of the man with whom my professional fortunes were joined.
I was scientifically interested in those dolphins; for though the ordinary Delphinus delphis is a cetacean mammal, unable to subsist without air, I watched one of the swimmers closely for two hours, and did not see him alter his submerged condition.
I had been there about three weeks when the first odd incident occurred.
The Knight's Head had been his headquarters, and when he was confined he expressed some vague gratitude as if for protection.
I think that the professor, too, intended to keep silent regarding the part he knew, and that he would have destroyed his notes had not sudden death seized him.
To hear him discussing ways and means was rather ghastly, for at the college we had never procured anatomical specimens ourselves.
At this point the thought waves abruptly ceased, and the pale eyes of the dreamer or can I say dead man? commenced to glaze fishily.
My preference would be to avoid Paine, since the fire station there might be open all night.
The place had dispirited me curiously that evening, and I was almost prepared when I saw or thought I saw amidst the whitish deposits a particularly sharp definition of the huddled form I had suspected from boyhood.
At that time a party made investigations, finding the house deserted and partly in ruins.
As twilight deepened I turned on the one feeble electric bulb over the cheap, iron framed bed, and tried as best I could to continue the reading I had begun.
I felt, in my visions, a cosmic and abysmal loneness; with hostility surging from all sides upon some prison where I lay confined.
Both soldiers maintained that we could better afford to antagonise the minority of colonists and civilised natives by inaction, than to antagonise a probable majority of tribesmen and cottagers by stamping out the dread rites.
On the afternoon of Friday, April th, then, Birch set out for the tomb with horse and wagon to transfer the body of Matthew Fenner.
Advancing to one of these I looked in and saw an oddly dressed company, indeed; making merry, and speaking brightly to one another.
Professor Angell's instant start on an investigation of the utmost thoroughness was eminently natural; though privately I suspected young Wilcox of having heard of the cult in some indirect way, and of having invented a series of dreams to heighten and continue the mystery at my uncle's expense.
And in the later watches of the night, when I went within the tower, I saw on the wall a calendar which still remained as when I had left it at the hour I sailed away.
Then one night as I listened at the door I heard the shrieking viol swell into a chaotic babel of sound; a pandemonium which would have led me to doubt my own shaking sanity had there not come from behind that barred portal a piteous proof that the horror was real the awful, inarticulate cry which only a mute can utter, and which rises only in moments of the most terrible fear or anguish.
Among the gnarled trees in the front yard of his aged and neglected place he maintains a strange collection of large stones, oddly grouped and painted so that they resemble the idols in some obscure Eastern temple.
Somehaow or other, though, he never would let him see one of the reg'lar things from right aout o' the water.
What it shewed was simply the monstrous being he was painting on that awful canvas.
Meanwhile poor Rhoby Harris, in her madness, gave voice to dreams and imaginings of the most hideous sort.
It would perhaps have been easier to keep my thoughts from disturbing topics had the room not been so gruesomely musty.
Any being from any part of three dimensional space could probably survive in the fourth dimension; and its survival of the second stage would depend upon what alien part of three dimensional space it might select for its re entry.
Now, in spite of all that guidance, Alfred Trever was at Sheehan's and about to take his first drink.
The fellow's eyes had been closed; but in the dragging of his body to the rail they were jarred open, and many seemed to entertain a queer delusion that they gazed steadily and mockingly at Schmidt and Zimmer, who were bent over the corpse.
I have, on the contrary, delved deeply into all the antiquities of the place; and have personally explored every region, of whatever name, which could possibly answer to the street I knew as the Rue d'Auseil.
Briden's death reveals no apparent cause, and was probably due to excitement or exposure.
A certain greasiness about the fellow increased my dislike.
He was certainly near the boundary between the known universe and the fourth dimension, and who could say how much farther he might go?
But I disliked it when I fancied I heard the closing of one of the windows that the settle faced, as if it had been stealthily opened.
He wa'n't all human hisself, I allus says to everybody; an' I think he an' Ol' Whateley must a raised suthin' in that there nailed up haouse as ain't even so human as he was.
The air was warm and stirred not.
And when he heard these things his sobbing gave place to meditation, and finally to prayer.
I guess ye kin git to Seth Bishop's quickest by cuttin' acrost the lower medder here, wadin' the brook at the low place, an' climbin' through Carrier's mowin' and the timber lot beyont.
Twelve years after succeeding to his title he married the daughter of his gamekeeper, a person said to be of gypsy extraction, but before his son was born joined the navy as a common sailor, completing the general disgust which his habits and mesalliance had begun.
One night I espied upon the deck a man, bearded and robed, and he seemed to beckon me to embark for fair unknown shores.
Everybody was in a bad way them days.
Nevertheless there is an ancient house on that cliff, and at evening men see lights in the small paned windows.
Industry did not flourish here, and the nineteenth century factory movement proved short lived.
Then the men, having reached a spot where the trees were thinner, came suddenly in sight of the spectacle itself.
North of the river there were traces of squalid life active fish packing houses in Water Street, smoking chimneys and patched roofs here and there, occasional sounds from indeterminate sources, and infrequent shambling forms in the dismal streets and unpaved lanes but I seemed to find this even more oppressive than the southerly desertion.
Most o' the folks araound the taown took the hard times kind o' sheep like an' resigned, but they was in bad shape because the fishin' was peterin' aout an' the mills wa'n't doin' none too well.
At this juncture my brain became aware of a steady external influence operating upon it.
In the spring of Jonathan Gifford, the Albany friend of Jan Martense, became worried by his correspondent's silence; especially in view of the conditions and quarrels at the Martense mansion.
I caught the night train to Arkham, and the next day talked long and earnestly with government officials there; a process I later repeated in Boston.
It was our plan to remain where we were and intercept the liner Dacia, mentioned in information from agents in New York.
He that came with the Aklo Sabaoth said I may be transfigured, there being much of outside to work on.
Our lanterns disclosed the top of a flight of stone steps, dripping with some detestable ichor of the inner earth, and bordered by moist walls encrusted with nitre.
Next the corner of Babson Street I saw to my alarm that one of the houses was still inhabited, as attested by curtains at the window; but there were no lights within, and I passed it without disaster.
You know what he wants.
And day by day that Romnod who had been a small boy in granite Teloth grew coarser and redder with wine, till he dreamed less and less, and listened with less delight to the songs of Iranon.
A second reflection was less comforting.
Have I not told you of the great elixir of eternal life?
Believing him just conscious after a fainting fit, I renewed my rapping, at the same time calling out my name reassuringly.
They had talked about dying and half deserted Innsmouth for nearly a century, and nothing new could be wilder or more hideous than what they had whispered and hinted years before.
Perhaps it is madness that is overtaking me yet perhaps a greater horror or a greater marvel is reaching out.
It was the silent first comer who had burned his books.
We both inserted the whole unopened wooden box, closed the door, and started the electricity.
Besides, the grocery youth had told me that the churches, as well as the Order of Dagon Hall, were not advisable neighbourhoods for strangers.
He had not been at Oxford for nothing, nor talked to no account with an ancient chymist and astrologer in Paris.
I s'pose it's cheap enough, but I never see more'n two or three people in it nobody but those Innsmouth folks.
To seek rescue in the lifeboats would be to deliver ourselves into the hands of enemies unreasonably embittered against our great German nation, and our wireless had failed ever since the Victory affair to put us in touch with a fellow U boat of the Imperial Navy.
There he stayed long, gazing out over the bright harbour where the ripples sparkled beneath an unknown sun, and where rode lightly the galleys from far places over the water.
But these were not the Great Old Ones.
Not long after this Pickman produced a flashlight and revealed an antediluvian ten panelled door that looked damnably worm eaten.
To this man Iranon spoke, as to so many others: Canst thou tell me where I may find Aira, the city of marble and beryl, where flows the hyaline Nithra and where the falls of the tiny Kra sing to verdant valleys and hills forested with yath trees?
The Thing cannot be described there is no language for such abysms of shrieking and immemorial lunacy, such eldritch contradictions of all matter, force, and cosmic order.
Come to the window and be quiet.
For full three seconds I could glimpse that pandaemoniac sight, and in those seconds I saw a vista which will ever afterward torment me in dreams.
It was one thing to chase the nameless entity, but quite another to find it.
Old legends are hazy and ambiguous, and in historic times all attempts at crossing forbidden gaps seem complicated by strange and terrible alliances with beings and messengers from outside.
Dr. Muñoz, most certainly, was a man of birth, cultivation, and discrimination.
These simple people were quick to imagine they had seen any odd thing they had heard about.
Later I must have dropped asleep again, for it was out of a phantasmal chaos that my mind leaped when the night grew hideous with shrieks beyond anything in my former experience or imagination.
Then the old man made a signal to the half seen flute player in the darkness, which player thereupon changed its feeble drone to a scarce louder drone in another key; precipitating as it did so a horror unthinkable and unexpected.
Had had 'em ages afore, but lost track o' the upper world arter a time.
I saw when I staggered to my feet that the amorphous flute player had rolled out of sight, but that two of the beasts were patiently standing by.
They do not wish the souls of their young men to leave the pleasant hearths and gambrel roofed taverns of old Kingsport, nor do they wish the laughter and song in that high rocky place to grow louder.
My mother and uncle Walter had not looked like that.
For the people of Ulthar were simple, and knew not whence it is all cats first came.
Ever since his son had commenced to grow out of infancy he had liked his home less and less, till at last he had seemed to dread it.
During a free period he shewed the queer image to several professors, all of whom were intensely interested, though none of them could shed any light upon its nature or origin.
I told him, he shou'd not try to pasquinade the Source of his sy.
But so long as we don't move we're fairly safe.
Probably they traded in Arkham, knowing how little Kingsport liked their habitation, or perhaps being unable to climb down the cliff on the Kingsport side.
Later it developed that he was none other than Lord Northam, of whose ancient hereditary castle on the Yorkshire coast so many odd things were told; but when Williams tried to talk of the castle, and of its reputed Roman origin, he refused to admit that there was anything unusual about it.
As I have said, it happened when we were in the medical school, where West had already made himself notorious through his wild theories on the nature of death and the possibility of overcoming it artificially.
A spark appeared on the moor, a flame arose, and a pillar of human fire reached to the heavens.
All were afoot save Libo, Balbutius, Asellius, two or three of the centuriones, and myself, and at length the way became so steep and narrow that those who had horses were forced to leave them; a squad of ten men being left to guard them, though robber bands were not likely to be abroad on such a night of terror.
The stuffed goddess, he wrote, would arrive duly packed about a month after receipt of the letter.
why had it picked them, and left me for the last? . . .
Old Castro, unfortunately, had been dead for some years.
Too weary to ascend, I slept in the shadow of the hill.
They know it's a goin' aout, an' dun't calc'late to miss it.
When I see this I telled Eb Holt, 'That's suthin' ta stir ye up an' make yer blood tickle' When I read in Scripter about slayin' like them Midianites was slew I kinder think things, but I ain't got no picter of it.
They filed a ponderous report at the court house in Aylesbury, and litigations concerning heirship are said to be still in progress amongst the innumerable Whateleys, decayed and undecayed, of the upper Miskatonic valley.
Messrs. Ricci, Czanek, and Silva selected the night of April th for their call.
And behind the houses were walled rose gardens with hedged paths and sundials, where at evening the moon and stars would shine bewitchingly while fragrant blossoms glistened with dew.
When Tillinghast said these things I remonstrated, for I knew him well enough to be frightened rather than amused; but he was a fanatic, and drove me from the house.
I, a German, should be the first to tread those aeon forgotten ways I produced and examined a deep sea diving suit of joined metal, and experimented with the portable light and air regenerator.
I cannot reckon the number of hours I spent in gazing at the sunken city with its buildings, arches, statues, and bridges, and the colossal temple with its beauty and mystery.
Well, here's yer stuff, announced Sheehan jovially as a tray of bottles and glasses was wheeled into the room.
Was he going mad? How long would it last?
He was the first of Gerrit's descendants to see much of the world; and when he returned in after six years of campaigning, he was hated as an outsider by his father, uncles, and brothers, in spite of his dissimilar Martense eyes.
Those whitish gold ornaments might easily have been bought from some Innsmouth sailor by the father of my great grandmother, whoever he was.
What I saw about me none else saw; and I grew doubly silent and aloof lest I be thought mad.
Then came we to a pleasant coast gay with blossoms of every hue, where as far inland as we could see basked lovely groves and radiant arbours beneath a meridian sun.
Mebbe they was the kind o' critters as got all the mermaid stories an' sech started.
South of the village one may still spy the cellar walls and chimney of the ancient Bishop house, which was built before ; whilst the ruins of the mill at the falls, built in , form the most modern piece of architecture to be seen.
His full name long and pompous according to the custom of an age which had lost the trinomial simplicity of classic Roman nomenclature is stated by Von Schweinkopf to have been Caius Anicius Magnus Furius Camillus Æmilianus Cornelius Valerius Pompeius Julius Ibidus; though Littlewit rejects Æmilianus and adds Claudius Decius Junianus; whilst Bêtenoir differs radically, giving the full name as Magnus Furius Camillus Aurelius Antoninus Flavius Anicius Petronius Valentinianus Aegidus Ibidus.
As my uncle began slowly and grudgingly to unwrap the things he urged me not to be shocked by the strangeness and frequent hideousness of the designs.
Nor was there ever a marble city of Aira, nor those who could delight in strange songs, save in the dreams of mine old playmate Iranon who is gone.
Carter did not taste deeply of these modern freedoms; for their cheapness and squalor sickened a spirit loving beauty alone, while his reason rebelled at the flimsy logic with which their champions tried to gild brute impulse with a sacredness stripped from the idols they had discarded.
Something in the night constrained the cloaked man to silence, and for a long hour he led me forward without needless words; making only the briefest of comments concerning ancient names and dates and changes, and directing my progress very largely by gestures as we squeezed through interstices, tiptoed through corridors, clambered over brick walls, and once crawled on hands and knees through a low, arched passage of stone whose immense length and tortuous twistings effaced at last every hint of geographical location I had managed to preserve.
The harbour, long clogged with sand, was enclosed by an ancient stone breakwater; on which I could begin to discern the minute forms of a few seated fishermen, and at whose end were what looked like the foundations of a bygone lighthouse.
A Sicilian owns it, and I've hired it under the name of Peters.
The stormy vigil reminded me shudderingly of my ghastly night on Tempest Mountain.
This pair, shunned by all honest folk, were suspected of the most hideous practices.
It should be a matter of general knowledge that Cf. is responsible for this work.
Again a furtive trying of a bolted connecting door, and again a receding creaking.
So this was the way the folk of the uncanny house journeyed betwixt earth and sky When he climbed out of the chasm a morning mist was gathering, but he clearly saw the lofty and unhallowed cottage ahead; walls as grey as the rock, and high peak standing bold against the milky white of the seaward vapours.
And what about the window panes? They were all gone.
Distant though the island was, he felt that a monstrous and invincible evil could flow from the sardonic stare of that bent, ancient figure in brown.
The victim had been seen alive considerably after midnight the dawn revealed the unutterable thing.
Of this sad change he seemed by no means unaware, and little by little his expression and conversation both took on a gruesome irony which restored in me something of the subtle repulsion I had originally felt.
This view was surely not weakened by the insistent offers of purchase at a high price which the Marshes began to make as soon as they knew of its presence, and which they repeated to this day despite the Society's unvarying determination not to sell.
Flashing my pocket lamp into the skylight, I saw that there were no steps down.
That was the end of our voluntary searchings in the caverns of dream.
At the Y.M.C.A., where I was stopping, the clerk merely discouraged my going to such a dismal, decadent place; and the people at the library shewed much the same attitude.
He had been found covered with blood and shreds of flesh in a wood, shortly after the killing and rending of a boy by a pair of wolves.
On the contrary, his wish for enlightenment was prompted by purely professional considerations.
The hour had grown perilously late my watch said :, and the Arkham bus left Town Square at eight so I tried to give my thoughts as neutral and practical a cast as possible, meanwhile walking rapidly through the deserted streets of gaping roofs and leaning houses toward the hotel where I had checked my valise and would find my bus.
Very little concerning this skeleton has leaked out, but the workmen who found it whisper in shocked tones about the long, brownish hairs with which it was associated.
After the clock had struck three the moon shone in my eyes, but I turned over without rising to pull down the shade.
During this description I had kept a tight rein on my emotions, but my face must have betrayed my mounting fears.
It was his view that only our normal, objective experiences possess any aesthetic significance, and that it is the province of the artist not so much to rouse strong emotion by action, ecstasy, and astonishment, as to maintain a placid interest and appreciation by accurate, detailed transcripts of every day affairs.
An' then she let aout a turrible yell, an' says the shed daown the rud had jest caved in like the storm hed blowed it over, only the wind wa'n't strong enough to dew that.
They did not expect to hear Sir Alfred Jermyn emit a shrill, inhuman scream, or to see him seize his clumsy antagonist with both hands, dash it to the floor of the cage, and bite fiendishly at its hairy throat.
This is probably true, but I have no distinct memory of it.
Rice, beside him, took from a valise a metal sprayer of the sort used in combating insects; whilst Morgan uncased the big game rifle on which he relied despite his colleague's warnings that no material weapon would be of help.
However, my rapping evoked no response, so after repeating the summons I tried the rusty latch and found the door unfastened.
This was in and , when my uncle had just begun his medical practice; and before leaving for the front he heard much of it from his elder professional colleagues.
I never ben thar, but I kin tell a taown man when I see 'im we hed one fer deestrick schoolmaster in 'eighty four, but he quit suddent an' no one never heerd on 'im sence  Here the old man lapsed into a kind of chuckle, and made no explanation when I questioned him.
Hatheg Kla is far in the stony desert beyond Hatheg, for which it is named, and rises like a rock statue in a silent temple.
Of the various odd assemblages in The Street, the law said much but could prove little.
Custom had dinned into his ears a superstitious reverence for that which tangibly and physically exists, and had made him secretly ashamed to dwell in visions.
From this point the noise was quite deafening.
It was as if the workmanship were that of another planet.
Ordinarily he was true to the derelict type ready to do anything for a nickel or a dose of whiskey or hasheesh but at rare intervals he shewed the traits which earned him his name.
His wilder wanderings were very startling indeed, including frantic appeals that something in a boarded up farmhouse be destroyed, and fantastic references to some plan for the extirpation of the entire human race and all animal and vegetable life from the earth by some terrible elder race of beings from another dimension.
Poor Matt Matt he allus was agin' it tried to line up the folks on his side, an' had long talks with the preachers no use they run the Congregational parson aout o' taown, an' the Methodist feller quit never did see Resolved Babcock, the Baptist parson, agin Wrath o' Jehovy I was a mighty little critter, but I heerd what I heerd an' seen what I seen Dagon an' Ashtoreth Belial an' Beëlzebub Golden Caff an' the idols o' Canaan an' the Philistines Babylonish abominations Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin  He stopped again, and from the look in his watery blue eyes I feared he was close to a stupor after all.
Death is merciful, for there is no return therefrom, but with him who has come back out of the nethermost chambers of night, haggard and knowing, peace rests nevermore.
That evening he went to bed, but slept only fitfully.
Windows in shanties on the slope outside were shattered by the shock, whilst miners throughout the nearer passages were knocked from their feet.
But he was great once my fathair in Barcelona have hear of heem and only joost now he feex a arm of the plumber that get hurt of sudden.
These were mostly well back from the water, and one or two seemed to be in moderately sound condition.
You know, he said, there are things that won't do for Newbury Street things that are out of place here, and that can't be conceived here, anyhow.
Their disappearance added horror to the situation of them all West knew the whereabouts of only one, the pitiful asylum thing.
Whether I believe them now I honestly do not know.
Gibbon, the Historian, Dr. Burney, the Musician, Mr. Malone, the Critick, and Mr. Boswell.
At the time, indeed, my attention was distracted from this matter by another phenomenon; a phenomenon so fleeting that I could not take oath upon its reality.
William Harris, at last thoroughly convinced of the radically unhealthful nature of his abode, now took steps toward quitting it and closing it forever.
There is unknown magic on Hatheg Kla, for the screams of the frightened gods have turned to laughter, and the slopes of ice shoot up endlessly into the black heavens whither I am plunging. . . .
All hees own housework he do hees leetle room are full of bottles and machines, and he do not work as doctair.
Had he not told his colleagues to be as gentle as possible with the pathetic old sea captain?
Not even the mines of precious metal remained, for DOOM had come to Sarnath.
There was none of the exotic technique you see in Sidney Sime, none of the trans Saturnian landscapes and lunar fungi that Clark Ashton Smith uses to freeze the blood.
These Indians shewed choler when the place was built, and were plaguy pestilent in asking to visit the grounds at the full of the moon.
For the cat is cryptic, and close to strange things which men cannot see.
Carter recognised the characters as those he had seen on a certain papyrus scroll belonging to that terrible scholar of the South who had vanished one midnight in a nameless cemetery.
Of my frantic ascent of the slope and cliff, and of my delirious journey back to the stranded boat, I remember little.
Friends said that it was this series of griefs which unhinged the mind of Sir Robert Jermyn, yet it was probably merely a bit of African folklore which caused the disaster.
Why should he seek to avenge the death of poor Michel Mauvais, and how had the curse been carried on through all the long centuries since the time of Charles Le Sorcier?
Pickman was shewing what happens to those stolen babes how they grow up and then I began to see a hideous relationship in the faces of the human and non human figures.
Accordingly I had sent a slave a nimble little Greek called Antipater to the proconsul with letters, and Scribonius had heeded my plea and ordered Balbutius to send his fifth cohort, under Asellius, to Pompelo; entering the hills at dusk on the eve of November's Kalends and stamping out whatever nameless orgies he might find bringing such prisoners as he might take to Tarraco for the next proprætor's court.
I had long before resolved to limit my observations to architecture alone, and I was even then hurrying toward the Square in an effort to get quick transportation out of this festering city of death and decay; but the sight of old Zadok Allen set up new currents in my mind and made me slacken my pace uncertainly.
As I watched choked by a sudden rise in the fishy odour after a short abatement I saw a band of uncouth, crouching shapes loping and shambling in the same direction; and knew that this must be the party guarding the Ipswich road, since that highway forms an extension of Eliot Street.
It was a vast undulating plain, mostly covered with seaweed, and strown with the shells of small molluscs.
Now he must be well over a hundred, but that piping voice could come from no one else.
But I do not fear him now, for I suspect that he has known horrors beyond my ken.
I hear and do strange things in sleep, and awake with a kind of exaltation instead of terror.
Dr. West had been avid for a chance to serve as surgeon in a great war, and when the chance had come he carried me with him almost against my will.
I am Basil Elton, keeper of the North Point light that my father and grandfather kept before me.
The high backed settle faced the row of curtained windows at the left, and seemed to be occupied, though I was not sure.
We didn't hev them old charms to cut 'em off like folks in the Saouth Sea did, an' them Kanakys wudn't never give away their secrets.
I reached out to uncurl and look at it, when suddenly I saw Pickman start as if shot.
My condition was now one of indescribable chaos.
You know, in ordinary art, there's all the difference in the world between the vital, breathing things drawn from Nature or models and the artificial truck that commercial small fry reel off in a bare studio by rule.
It is all that remains of my friend; the friend who led me on to madness and wreckage; a godlike head of such marble as only old Hellas could yield, young with the youth that is outside time, and with beauteous bearded face, curved, smiling lips, Olympian brow, and dense locks waving and poppy crowned.
But Romero did not reply.
Suddenly I myself became possessed of a kind of augmented sight.
So Sarnath waxed mighty and learned and beautiful, and sent forth conquering armies to subdue the neighbouring cities; and in time there sate upon a throne in Sarnath the kings of all the land of Mnar and of many lands adjacent.
But of them old Castro dared not speak much.
Hasheesh helped a great deal, and once sent him to a part of space where form does not exist, but where glowing gases study the secrets of existence.
I did not move, for I could not; but watched dazedly as the door fell in pieces to admit a colossal, shapeless influx of inky substance starred with shining, malevolent eyes.
Sir Alfred Jermyn was a baronet before his fourth birthday, but his tastes never matched his title.
Walakea he shewed Obed a lot o' rites an' incantations as had to do with the sea things, an' let him see some o' the folks in the village as had changed a lot from human shape.
Of what followed, members of The Greatest Show on Earth do not like to speak.
The evilly grinning beldame still clutched him, and beyond the table stood a figure he had never seen before a tall, lean man of dead black colouration but without the slightest sign of negroid features; wholly devoid of either hair or beard, and wearing as his only garment a shapeless robe of some heavy black fabric.
I knew that the time for action had come, and forthwith drew the bolt of the northward connecting door, bracing myself for the task of battering it open.
As my uncle went, as poor Johansen went, so I shall go.
The house was never rented again.
Suddenly I found myself wondering what the voices of those denizens would be like.
Then we struck a substance harder than the damp mould, and beheld a rotting oblong box crusted with mineral deposits from the long undisturbed ground.
It was the Yuletide, and I had come at last to the ancient sea town where my people had dwelt and kept festival in the elder time when festival was forbidden; where also they had commanded their sons to keep festival once every century, that the memory of primal secrets might not be forgotten.
When I told him who I was, he displayed some interest; for my uncle had excited his curiosity in probing his strange dreams, yet had never explained the reason for the study.
The moon no longer shone through the chinks and apertures above me, and with a sense of fateful alarm I heard the sinister and significant rumble of approaching thunder.
She and her brother were not so much interested in the house as was Archer's son Carrington, the present owner, with whom I talked after my experience.
This, I now saw, West had clearly recognised; creating his embalming compound for future rather than immediate use, and trusting to fate to supply again some very recent and unburied corpse, as it had years before when we obtained the negro killed in the Bolton prize fight.
Yes he was really forming words, and I could grasp a fair proportion of them.
Urged on by an impulse which I cannot definitely analyse, I scrambled with difficulty down the rocks and stood on the gentler slope beneath, gazing into the Stygian deeps where no light had yet penetrated.
So a body of twenty police, filling two carriages and an automobile, had set out in the late afternoon with the shivering squatter as a guide.
They and their subconscious residuum had influenced his art profoundly, and he shewed me a morbid statue whose contours almost made me shake with the potency of its black suggestion.
I must get away from evil shadowed Innsmouth and accordingly I began to test my cramped, wearied powers of locomotion.
Now, after a moment of silence during which the walker may have been inspecting my bicycle in the hall, I heard a fumbling at the latch and saw the panelled portal swing open again.
Now it is agreed by all the distant relatives of Randolph Carter that something occurred to heighten his imagination in his tenth year.
The darkness always teemed with unexplained sound and yet he sometimes shook with fear lest the noises he heard should subside and allow him to hear certain other, fainter, noises which he suspected were lurking behind them.
It was, they averred, as though someone had groped about the ruins at no distant period.
But as leaving time obviously approached I conquered my qualms and followed the man aboard, extending him a dollar bill and murmuring the single word Innsmouth.
Human it could not have been it is not in man to make such sounds and without a thought of our late employment or its possible discovery both West and I leaped to the nearest window like stricken animals; overturning tubes, lamp, and retorts, and vaulting madly into the starred abyss of the rural night.
We also denied the request of a delegation headed by Seaman Zimmer, that the curious carved ivory head be cast into the sea.
We feared that the cold weather would come on and halt our explorations, for all agreed that the daemon was generally quiet in winter.
Then came a sort of island of higher ground, where the line passed through a shallow open cut choked with bushes and brambles.
May ne'er a noble of thy murd'rous line Survive to reach a greater age than thine spake he, when, suddenly leaping backwards into the black wood, he drew from his tunic a phial of colourless liquid which he threw into the face of his father's slayer as he disappeared behind the inky curtain of the night.
She says the hired boy Luther was aout drivin' in the caows from the storm arter the big bolt, when he see all the trees a bendin' at the maouth o' the glen opposite side ter this an' smelt the same awful smell like he smelt when he faound the big tracks las' Monday mornin'.
And the houses of the cities of Cathuria are all palaces, each built over a fragrant canal bearing the waters of the sacred Narg.
And I beg of you to let that thing on the table the thing that looks like a match box alone.
So I will carefully don my diving suit and walk boldly up the steps into that primal shrine; that silent secret of unfathomed waters and uncounted years.
It was captured by the private soldier Read 'em and Weep Hopkins, who not long after traded it to Rest in Jehovah Stubbs for a quid of new Virginia weed.
It had lost an arm if it had been a perfect body we might have succeeded better.
After Barry had told me these things I was very drowsy, for the travels of the day had been wearying and my host had talked late into the night.
The boxed object was delivered at Jermyn House on the afternoon of August , , being conveyed immediately to the large chamber which housed the collection of African specimens as arranged by Sir Robert and Arthur.
In the morning citizens and state troopers followed the shuddering mountaineers to the place where they said the death had come.
The laboratory was in a sub cellar secretly constructed by imported workmen, and contained a huge incinerator for the quiet and complete disposal of such bodies, or fragments and synthetic mockeries of bodies, as might remain from the morbid experiments and unhallowed amusements of the owner.
From the revolver I knew that he was thinking more of the crazed Italian than of the police.
Then, as if in response to an insidious motion of my host's hand, a flash of heat lightning played over the scene, and I looked out upon a sea of luxuriant foliage foliage unpolluted, and not the sea of roofs to be expected by any normal mind.
That suggestive patch, by the way, was only faintly visible when we placed our furniture and instruments, and when we returned that evening for the actual vigil.
I had heard of them by vague rumour, and realised that they could not be upon any map of today; but the fact that they were forgotten only endeared them to me, so that I had sought them with twice my usual eagerness.
Frye lit a lantern through force of habit, but knew it would be death to go out into that black farmyard.
There was a vibration as if the wood had fallen farther than it had fallen before.
George Bennett and William Tobey had left no trace, not even of a struggle.
Disintegration is quite painless, I assure you but I want you to see them.
In the darkness every faint noise of the night seemed magnified, and a flood of doubly unpleasant thoughts swept over me.
How little does the earth self know of life and its extent How little, indeed, ought it to know for its own tranquillity Of the oppressor I cannot speak.
Endlessly down the horsemen floated, their chargers pawing the aether as if galloping over golden sands; and then the luminous vapours spread apart to reveal a greater brightness, the brightness of the city Celephaïs, and the sea coast beyond, and the snowy peak overlooking the sea, and the gaily painted galleys that sail out of the harbour toward distant regions where the sea meets the sky.
Thereafter I was more cautious with my incantations, for I had no wish to be cut off from my body and from the earth in unknown abysses whence I could never return.
The tension on our part became very great.
At this point I was left to imagine the solution of the greatest mystery of all, how the curse had been fulfilled since that time when Charles Le Sorcier must in the course of Nature have died, for the man digressed into an account of the deep alchemical studies of the two wizards, father and son, speaking most particularly of the researches of Charles Le Sorcier concerning the elixir which should grant to him who partook of it eternal life and youth.
It hasn't been fed since the second of August, when Wilbur came here to his death, and at that rate. . .
Gilman came from Haverhill, but it was only after he had entered college in Arkham that he began to connect his mathematics with the fantastic legends of elder magic.
On the morning of April a fresh rat hole appeared in the room where Gilman was a guest, but Dombrowski tinned it up during the day.
If they can catch the fleeing soul when it leaves the body, they instantly flutter away chittering in daemoniac laughter; but if they fail, they subside gradually into a disappointed silence.
The only people in sight there had been the fishermen on the distant breakwater; and by going a few squares south I could get beyond the range of these, finding a pair of seats on some abandoned wharf and being free to question old Zadok unobserved for an indefinite time.
He ees too seeck for doctair heemself seecker and seecker all the time but he weel not have no othair for help.
That shocking little horror was reserved for certain lighter, sharper dreams which assailed him just before he dropped into the fullest depths of sleep.
It read as follows: MYSTERY DERELICT FOUND AT SEA Vigilant Arrives With Helpless Armed New Zealand Yacht in Tow.
My opinion of my whole experience varies from time to time.
Surveying the conditions, I chose the more southerly of the two windows as my avenue of escape; planning to land on the inner slope of the roof and make for the nearest skylight.
As he copied the formula he finally chose, Dr. Armitage looked involuntarily over his shoulder at the open pages; the left hand one of which, in the Latin version, contained such monstrous threats to the peace and sanity of the world.
Sometimes he would take walks through shadowy tangles of unpaved musty smelling lanes where eldritch brown houses of unknown age leaned and tottered and leered mockingly through narrow, small paned windows.
And mixed with the distant chant of the Sabbat and the whimpers of Brown Jenkin in the gulf below he thought he heard another and wilder whine from unknown depths.
I felt I had known it before, in a past remote beyond all recollection; beyond even my tenancy of the body I now possess.
Asellius; and the legatus of the whole region, Cn.
After a time the fascination of the red radiance overcame my fright, and I crept to the east window and looked out whilst the maddening, incessant piping whined and reverberated through the castle and over all the village.
But something would have to be done about those rats.
He would not, he found, have to pile another on his platform to make the proper height; for the hole was on exactly the right level to use as soon as its size might permit.
Outsiders visit Dunwich as seldom as possible, and since a certain season of horror all the signboards pointing toward it have been taken down.
The old woman always appeared out of thin air near the corner where the downward slant met the inward slant.
Old Kranon, the burgomaster, swore that the dark folk had taken the cats away in revenge for the killing of Menes' kitten; and cursed the caravan and the little boy.
The men were discussing the strange death of the Mexican as he lay asleep; a death seemingly connected in some way with the terrible bolt of lightning which had struck and shaken the mountain.
For at a closer glance I saw that the moonlit waters between the reef and the shore were far from empty.
The air of death and desertion was ghoulish, and the smell of fish almost insufferable; but I was resolved to let nothing deter me.
As I thought of him new terrors convulsed me, and I fell to the floor; not fainting, but physically helpless.
His brow was white as the marble of Pentelicus, and of a height and breadth almost godlike.
Yog Sothoth is the key to the gate, whereby the spheres meet.
Here the dense growth of weeds and briers hindered me and cruelly tore my clothes, but I was none the less glad that they were there to give me concealment in case of peril.
Despite my most careful searches and investigations, I have never since been able to find the Rue d'Auseil.
The more he reflected on the hellish diary, the more he was inclined to doubt the efficacy of any material agent in stamping out the entity which Wilbur Whateley had left behind him the earth threatening entity which, unknown to him, was to burst forth in a few hours and become the memorable Dunwich horror.
By this time Dombrowski, Choynski, Desrochers, Mazurewicz, and the top floor lodger were all crowding into the doorway, and the landlord had sent his wife back to telephone for Dr. Malkowski.
The climax of that awful night was composite but fairly brief, beginning just as I reached the final cavern of the journey.
I was celebrating my coming of age by a tour of New England sightseeing, antiquarian, and genealogical and had planned to go directly from ancient Newburyport to Arkham, whence my mother's family was derived.
During the excavation of this cellar the workmen had struck some exceedingly ancient masonry; undoubtedly connected with the old burying ground, yet far too deep to correspond with any known sepulchre therein.
The men, busy with labour, waxed prosperous and as happy as they knew how to be.
Have I not succeeded in breaking down the barrier; have I not shewn you worlds that no other living men have seen?
I retired early and full of dread, and for a long time could not sleep in the uncanny silence of the tower.
Having filled my pockets with the flashlight's aid, I put on my hat and tiptoed to the windows to consider chances of descent.
I have tried to hint what it was in order to postpone the horror of writing it down baldly.
He proved, however, too hopelessly drunk to be a menace; so that I reached the dismal ruins of the Bank Street warehouses in safety.
Time could not exist in certain belts of space, and by entering and remaining in such a belt one might preserve one's life and age indefinitely; never suffering organic metabolism or deterioration except for slight amounts incurred during visits to one's own or similar planes.
It seems to me rather merciful that I do not, for they were terrible studies, which I pursued more through reluctant fascination than through actual inclination.
I repeat to you, gentlemen, that your inquisition is fruitless.
Of its origin, apart from the erratic and unbelievable tales extorted from the captured members, absolutely nothing was to be discovered; hence the anxiety of the police for any antiquarian lore which might help them to place the frightful symbol, and through it track down the cult to its fountain head.
A sandy tongue had formed inside this barrier, and upon it I saw a few decrepit cabins, moored dories, and scattered lobster pots.
I affirm I swear that I had no share in these extreme aspirations.
Dunwich is indeed ridiculously old older by far than any of the communities within thirty miles of it.
Through these pipes came at will the odours our moods most craved; sometimes the scent of pale funeral lilies, sometimes the narcotic incense of imagined Eastern shrines of the kingly dead, and sometimes how I shudder to recall it the frightful, soul upheaving stenches of the uncovered grave.
I know not why my dreams were so wild that night; but ere the waning and fantastically gibbous moon had risen far above the eastern plain, I was awake in a cold perspiration, determined to sleep no more.
My immediate actions were peculiar for such a situation, but it is only in tales that a man does the dramatic and foreseen thing.
The general fact is, that the house was never regarded by the solid part of the community as in any real sense haunted.
Two centuries ago, when talk of witch blood, Satan worship, and strange forest presences was not laughed at, it was the custom to give reasons for avoiding the locality.
As he spoke, I caught a glimpse of his face in the yellow beam from a solitary attic window.
Trembling with a terror oddly mixed with ecstasy I crossed the circular room to the north window from which I could see the village and the plain at the edge of the bog.
One night the castle on the hill was thrown into the wildest confusion by the vanishment of young Godfrey, son to Henri the Comte.
Desrochers, too, had something to say in fact, he insisted that cautious steps had sounded in the now vacant room above him on the first and second nights of Gilman's absence from it.
The sorry planet shell being well nigh spent, in less than an hour my fellow would be free to pursue the oppressor along the Milky Way and past the hither stars to the very confines of infinity.
The shaft of light entered the door at an upward angle, and I peered in to see if I could glimpse anything, but all in vain.
I cannot even hint what it was like, for it was a compound of all that is unclean, uncanny, unwelcome, abnormal, and detestable.
There was something there and now I can't use the subway or and you may as well have your laugh at this, too go down into cellars any more.
Men have felt the tears of the gods on white capped Thurai, though they have thought it rain; and have heard the sighs of the gods in the plaintive dawn winds of Lerion.
With the years the legends take on a spectral character I suppose the thing, if it was a living thing, must have died.
The steep street of my approach was nowhere visible, and the little I did see succumbed rapidly to a mist that rolled in from the river despite the glaring moonlight.
I was sorry when I saw that there would be no other passengers on the bus.
He was oddly anxious to know if Birch were sure absolutely sure of the identity of that top coffin of the pile; how he had chosen it, how he had been certain of it as the Fenner coffin in the dusk, and how he had distinguished it from the inferior duplicate coffin of vicious Asaph Sawyer.
In the war came, and Squire Sawyer Whateley, as chairman of the local draft board, had hard work finding a quota of young Dunwich men fit even to be sent to a development camp.
The sound came from a squat towered stone church of manifestly later date than most of the houses, built in a clumsy Gothic fashion and having a disproportionately high basement with shuttered windows.
The villagers of Hatheg say it is ill to climb Hatheg Kla at any time, and deadly to climb it by night when pale vapours hide the summit and the moon; but Barzai heeded them not when he came from neighbouring Ulthar with the young priest Atal, who was his disciple.
My own German will no longer controls my acts, and volition is henceforward possible only in minor matters.
His sole relief was obtained in revelry of the most general and boisterous sort; so that few assemblies of the young and the gay were unknown to us.
Miss Tilton, comparing all possible hypotheses regarding its origin and its presence in New England, was inclined to believe that it formed part of some exotic pirate hoard discovered by old Captain Obed Marsh.
Approaching him softly though without apparent furtiveness were five figures, two of which were the sinister old woman and the fanged, furry little animal.
all made o' squirmin' ropes . . .
Small Romnod was now not so small, and spoke deeply instead of shrilly, though Iranon was always the same, and decked his golden hair with vines and fragrant resins found in the woods.
This fear grew stronger from what had before lessened it, for the more I looked at the old man's bland face the more its very blandness terrified me.
During her last struggle he felt something bite at his ankle, and saw that Brown Jenkin had come to her aid.
But because the people had thrown him blossoms and acclaimed his songs Iranon stayed on, and with him Romnod, who liked the revelry of the town and wore in his dark hair roses and myrtle.
Cotton Mather, in that daemoniac sixth book which no one should read after dark, minced no words as he flung forth his anathema.
This was to be my realm, too I could not escape it.
Barnabas Marsh that runs the refin'ry naow is Obed's grandson by his fust wife son of Onesiphorus, his eldest son, but his mother was another o' them as wa'n't never seed aoutdoors.
Every second I was consumed with a mixture of fear and curiosity.
Nothing, however, occurred except some hill noises; and when the day came there were many who hoped that the new horror had gone as swiftly as it had come.
The task seemed interminable, and I raged almost as violently as the hermit when I saw the hours slipping by in a breathless, foodless round of vain telephoning, and a hectic quest from place to place, hither and thither by subway and surface car.
Curtis Whateley of the undecayed branch was holding the telescope when the Arkham party detoured radically from the swath.
The vault to which I refer is of ancient granite, weathered and discoloured by the mists and dampness of generations.
Wilcox, I was sure, had heard of the cult in some casual way, and had soon forgotten it amidst the mass of his equally weird reading and imagining.
Mathematics folklore the house old Keziah Brown Jenkin . . .
As I waited breathlessly I perceived that both sound and wind were increasing; the effect being to give me an odd notion of myself as tied to a pair of rails in the path of a gigantic approaching locomotive.
Nothing new rewarded my efforts only the same depressing mustiness and faint suggestions of noxious odours and nitrous outlines on the floor and I fancy that many pedestrians must have watched me curiously through the broken panes.
These I had tested with a fellow student; but achieving no result, had soon packed them away with other scientific odds and ends for possible future use.
His advice, moreover, was eminently practical; for he recommended a postponement of operations at the Martense mansion until we might become fortified with more detailed historical and geographical data.
But that ain't the trouble naow that was only the start.
Forbidding me to touch the body, he first injected a drug in the wrist just beside the place his needle had punctured when injecting the embalming compound.
Those visions, however, were of abhorrent vividness and convincingness, and whenever he awaked he retained a vague sense of having undergone much more than he remembered.
The men shuffled about a moment, and then Earl Sawyer spoke softly, pointing with a grimy finger through the steadily lessening rain.
The feverish interest aroused at the meeting by Legrasse's tale, corroborated as it was by the statuette, is echoed in the subsequent correspondence of those who attended; although scant mention occurs in the formal publications of the society.
Some new and wild note in the drumming and chanting, perceptible but slightly to me, had acted on him in startling fashion; and with a wild outcry he forged ahead unguided in the cavern's gloom.
From Lydia to Neapolis the beauty of their work was praised, and none dared say that the one excelled the other in skill.
When noises came from it, they whispered and shivered; and hoped that the lock on that attic door was strong.
The nethermost caverns, wrote the mad Arab, are not for the fathoming of eyes that see; for their marvels are strange and terrific.
On each occasion investigation revealed nothing, and we began to ascribe the occurrences to imagination alone that same curiously disturbed imagination which still prolonged in our ears the faint far baying we thought we had heard in the Holland churchyard.
Many were the waterfalls in their courses, and many were the lilied lakelets into which they expanded.
Moreover, they had stopped him from consulting the dubious old books on forbidden secrets that were kept under lock and key in a vault at the university library.
And as I watched the ripples that told of the writhing of worms beneath, I felt a new chill from afar out whither the condor had flown, as if my flesh had caught a horror before my eyes had seen it.
Still nothing occurred to reward my watching; and I yawned repeatedly, fatigue getting the better of apprehension.
As the day progressed, the ground lost some of its stickiness, and seemed likely to dry sufficiently for travelling purposes in a short time.
Of what his clothing consisted I could hardly tell, for it seemed to me no more than a mass of tatters surmounting a pair of high, heavy boots; and his lack of cleanliness surpassed description.
And them men them can't be niggers they dew beat all.
The memory had lingered hideously all the more hideous because it was so secret.
them as had reel hands. . . .
Groups of citizens broad browed Roman colonists and coarse haired Romanised natives, together with obvious hybrids of the two strains, alike clad in cheap woollen togas and sprinklings of helmeted legionaries and coarse mantled, black bearded tribesmen of the circumambient Vascones all thronged the few paved streets and forum; moved by some vague and ill defined uneasiness.
Suddenly a great chasm opened before him, ten feet deep, so that he had to let himself down by his hands and drop to a slanting floor, and then crawl perilously up a natural defile in the opposite wall.
Those organic entities whose motions seemed least flagrantly irrelevant and unmotivated were probably projections of life forms from our own planet, including human beings.
There were secrets, said the peasants, which must not be uncovered; secrets that had lain hidden since the plague came to the children of Partholan in the fabulous years beyond history.
He could not, of course, have locked the door behind him; yet it was now fastened, presumably from the inside.
Too many folks missin' too much wild preachin' at meetin' of a Sunday too much talk abaout that reef.
He was trying to make a noise; to ward something off or drown something out what, I could not imagine, awesome though I felt it must be.
The Comte died without utterance, and was buried the next day, but little more than two and thirty years from the hour of his birth.
After Taran Ish there were many high priests in Sarnath, but never was the sea green stone idol found.
I felt sensations like those one feels when accidentally scratching ground glass.
The ancient house has always been there, and people say One dwells therein who talks with the morning mists that come up from the deep, and perhaps sees singular things oceanward at those times when the cliff's rim becomes the rim of all earth, and solemn buoys toll free in the white aether of faery.
As it was, he failed in Calculus D and Advanced General Psychology, though not without hope of making up lost ground before the end of the term.
They admitted they had been drunk, but both vowed they had seen a crazily dressed trio furtively entering the dark passageway.
In this fearless explorer had been placed in a madhouse at Huntingdon.
That those venturesome youths will come back they do not doubt, but they think a light may be gone from their eyes, and a will from their hearts.
Into the sky the spires of its temples reached, so that no man might behold their peaks; and far back beyond the horizon stretched the grim, grey walls, over which one might spy only a few roofs, weird and ominous, yet adorned with rich friezes and alluring sculptures.
Out of the darkness immediately ahead burst a final shriek from the Mexican, which was joined by such a chorus of uncouth sound as I could never hear again and survive.
. rang the hideous croaking out of space.
For a century and more, it appeared, the Roulets had been well remembered and frequently discussed as vivid incidents in the quiet life of a New England seaport.
It was too much, however, for the exotic delicacy of the metal work, and the spiky figure snapped off under his grasp.
He's supposed to have developed some skin disease or deformity late in life that makes him keep out of sight.
Some was more teched than others, an' some never did change quite enough to take to the water; but mostly they turned aout jest the way them things said.
I hain't seed many folks 'long this rud sence they tuk off the Arkham stage.
And why Harley Warren did not return, he or his shade or some nameless thing I cannot describe alone can tell.
Only his lividly inclined complexion and coldness of touch could have afforded a physical basis for this feeling, and even these things should have been excusable considering the man's known invalidism.
The police heard a shot in the old Tillinghast house and found us there Tillinghast dead and me unconscious.
The two particulars in question are these: the arms on the golden locket about the creature's neck were the Jermyn arms, and the jocose suggestion of M. Verhaeren about a certain resemblance as connected with the shrivelled face applied with vivid, ghastly, and unnatural horror to none other than the sensitive Arthur Jermyn, great great great grandson of Sir Wade Jermyn and an unknown wife.
Most of the puzzling was done after her early death, which took place at the birth of my grandmother her only child.
Ibid's skull was proudly handed down from king to king of the Lombard line.
I had hoped it would last into the night to help our quest, but a furtive sunbeam from a knothole behind me removed the likelihood of such a thing.
One Survivor and Dead Man Found Aboard.
Roofs were fallen and columns were broken, but there still remained an air of immemorially ancient splendour which nothing could efface.
For some reason thought is very horrible to him, and anything which stirs the imagination he flees as a plague.
The light in the temple is a sheer delusion, and I shall die calmly, like a German, in the black and forgotten depths.
It was not that the sounds were hideous, for they were not; but that they held vibrations suggesting nothing on this globe of earth, and that at certain intervals they assumed a symphonic quality which I could hardly conceive as produced by one player.
Meanwhile the cult, by appropriate rites, must keep alive the memory of those ancient ways and shadow forth the prophecy of their return.
The servants were utterly dumbfounded, and watched at the head of the stairs, but their master did not return.
Better stay over here and take the ten o'clock bus tomorrow morning; then you can get an evening bus there for Arkham at eight o'clock.
As I gazed, I perceived that my own brain held the key to these enchanting metamorphoses; for each vista which appeared to me, was the one my changing mind most wished to behold.
Those without the telescope saw only an instant's flash of grey cloud a cloud about the size of a moderately large building near the top of the mountain.
I did not enlarge his knowledge in this regard, but sought with some subtlety to draw him out.
I felt myself on the edge of the world; peering over the rim into a fathomless chaos of eternal night.
What had come had indeed completed its entrance; for the barking and the screaming, now fast fading into a mixed low growling and moaning, proceeded unmistakably from within.
Then they looked oddly at me, and said that they seemed to remember weird sounds, too.
This the young warriors took back with them to Sarnath as a symbol of conquest over the old gods and beings of Ib, and a sign of leadership in Mnar.
It is all in that ancestral diary I found; all the hushed innuendoes and furtive tales of things with a blemished eye seen at windows in the night or in deserted meadows near the woods.
The effect was titanic altogether unthinkable and I might have stared indefinitely had not the sound of the piping seemed to grow stronger at my left.
Wealthy beyond the necessity of a commercial life, and temperamentally unfitted for the formal studies and social recreations of my acquaintances, I have dwelt ever in realms apart from the visible world; spending my youth and adolescence in ancient and little known books, and in roaming the fields and groves of the region near my ancestral home.
Why had it not taken its victims in natural order, with myself second, from whichever direction it had approached?
But it would be well to say as little as could be said, and to let no other doctor treat the wounds.
But half buried in the rushes was spied a curious green idol of stone; an exceedingly ancient idol coated with seaweed and chiselled in the likeness of Bokrug, the great water lizard.
Mazurewicz seemed half dazed because of a sign he said he had had in response to his prayers, and he crossed himself frantically when the squealing and whimpering of a rat sounded from beyond the slanting partition.
Nor did the spirit change when they tore open the earth to lay down strange pipes, or when they set up tall posts bearing weird wires.
They had traded the false gods of fear and blind piety for those of licence and anarchy.
Old, white bearded, and ragged, my host possessed a countenance and physique which inspired equal wonder and respect.
Moreover, for the first time in my life I experienced the emotion of dread.
Voices began questioning Armitage about what he knew of the thing, and no reply seemed quite to satisfy.
The words and beliefs expressed ten weeks before seemed bodied forth in the darkness beyond the small circle of candle light, and I sickened at the hollow, altered voice of my host.
Below the waist, though, it was the worst; for here all human resemblance left off and sheer phantasy began.
Then came a halt in the gasping, and the dog raised its head in a long, lugubrious howl.
What we want, we may make about us; and what we don't want, we may sweep away.
It would be a city greater than Innsmouth next time.
And the shepherd, hearing, looked long and strangely at Iranon, as if recalling something very far away in time, and noted each line of the stranger's face, and his golden hair, and his crown of vine leaves.
It was, the professor stated, a very crude bas relief of stone, comprising a hideous picture and some cryptic writing.
It is not pleasant to see a stout man suddenly grown thin, and it is even worse when the baggy skin becomes yellowed or greyed, the eyes sunken, circled, and uncannily glowing, the forehead veined and corrugated, and the hands tremulous and twitching.
My host appeared not to notice this, and in courtesy I kept silent as he piloted me up a curving stairway, across a hall, and into a room whose door I heard him lock behind us.
Merciful gods of earth, I am falling into the sky And as Atal shut his eyes and stopped his ears and tried to jump downward against the frightful pull from unknown heights, there resounded on Hatheg Kla that terrible peal of thunder which awaked the good cotters of the plains and the honest burgesses of Hatheg and Nir and Ulthar, and caused them to behold through the clouds that strange eclipse of the moon that no book ever predicted.
Extremists sometimes said the house was unlucky, but that is as far as even they went.
Johansen and his men landed at a sloping mud bank on this monstrous Acropolis, and clambered slipperily up over titan oozy blocks which could have been no mortal staircase.
The boy was not talkative, yet when he spoke he seemed to reflect some elusive element wholly unpossessed by Dunwich and its denizens.
He even says that all the village knew of my journeys to the tomb, and that I was often watched as I slept in the bower outside the grim facade, my half open eyes fixed on the crevice that leads to the interior.
For some time, apparently, the curious angles of Gilman's room had been having a strange, almost hypnotic effect on him; and as the bleak winter advanced he had found himself staring more and more intently at the corner where the down slanting ceiling met the inward slanting wall.
Always an ice cold intellectual machine; slight, blond, blue eyed, and spectacled; I think he secretly sneered at my occasional martial enthusiasms and censures of supine neutrality.
I know not how many interminable aeons I sat stupefied; whispering, muttering, calling, screaming into that telephone.
Then he fled back to the lodge and broke all the rules of his calling by rousing and shaking his patient, and hurling at him a succession of shuddering whispers that seared into the bewildered ears like the hissing of vitriol.
The dark blocks of granite, the door so curiously ajar, and the funereal carvings above the arch, aroused in me no associations of mournful or terrible character.
It was partly human, beyond a doubt, with very man like hands and head, and the goatish, chinless face had the stamp of the Whateleys upon it.
They were removing the stones quietly, one by one, from the centuried wall.
In the midst of this debris, wedged between a fallen plank and a cluster of cemented bricks from the ruined chimney, was an object destined to cause more bafflement, veiled fright, and openly superstitious talk in Arkham than anything else discovered in the haunted and accursed building.
I was glad, for although I disliked to see the moss and the heather and the little streams and lakes depart, I had a growing wish to discern the ancient secrets the deep matted peat might hide.
Notes on Same, Prof. Webb's Acct.
But what threw Gilman into a cold perspiration was the report of a pair of revellers who had been walking past the mouth of the gangway just after midnight.
Do not think from my slavery to morphine that I am a weakling or a degenerate.
Frequently he would glance at the door as if he expected someone, and at length his glance seemed answered by a singular rapping which must have followed some very ancient and secret code.
His father, Karl Trever, was an attorney and citizen of distinction, whilst his mother had made an enviable reputation as a poetess under her maiden name of Eleanor Wing.
Dusk fell and found Birch still toiling.
It is like sight in the end, and transmits visual pictures to the brain.
Slater raved for upward of fifteen minutes, babbling in his backwoods dialect of great edifices of light, oceans of space, strange music, and shadowy mountains and valleys.
For my contact with this affair has been closer than that of any other layman, and I have carried away impressions which are yet to drive me to drastic measures.
And as I pronounced the last daemoniac sentence I heard afar on the moor the faint baying of some gigantic hound.
I felt ahead, touched the back of Zann's chair, and then found and shook his shoulder in an effort to bring him to his senses.
In another moment he knew fear for the first time that night; for struggle as he would, he could not shake clear of the unknown grasp which held his feet in relentless captivity.
Sir Robert himself, after repeated attempts at suicide and a stubborn refusal to utter any articulate sound, died of apoplexy in the second year of his confinement.
It is also written that they descended one night from the moon in a mist; they and the vast still lake and grey stone city Ib.
I'm sorry to have to ask you to stay on the surface, he said, but it would be a crime to let anyone with your frail nerves go down there.
The rest followed him, and looked curiously at the immense carved door with the now familiar squid dragon bas relief.
He had been found as a child in a crude mountain hut, the only survivor of an epidemic which had stalked lethally by.
We'd better both go, he whispered.
Very suddenly Barzai went out of Atal's sight, scaling a hideous cliff that seemed to bulge outward and block the path for any climber not inspired of earth's gods.
Had it not been for my old servant Hiram, I should have by this time become quite convinced of my madness.
About six o'clock his sharpened ears caught the whining prayers of Joe Mazurewicz two floors below, and in desperation he seized his hat and walked out into the sunset golden streets, letting the now directly southward pull carry him where it might.
That was before the big epidemic of , when over half the folks in Innsmouth was carried off.
Many of the crowded family degenerated, moved across the valley, and merged with the mongrel population which was later to produce the pitiful squatters.
But he did not mind his multitude of guests; indeed, he seemed to dread being alone now that his absorbing work was done.
Despite their distance below me I at once knew they were the servants brought from the north, for I recognised the ugly and unwieldy form of the cook, whose very absurdness had now become unutterably tragic.
When the view of the water again opened out this time on my right I was half determined not to look at it at all.
O' course them as sarved on the Sumatry Queen an' seed the island knowed what he meant, an' wa'n't none too anxious to git clost to sea things like they'd heerd tell on, but them as didn't know what 'twas all abaout got kind o' swayed by what Obed had to say, an' begun to ast him what he cud do to set 'em on the way to the faith as ud bring 'em results.
At last the figure spoke in a rumbling voice that chilled me through with its dull hollowness and latent malevolence.
He hailed from Arkham, boarded with a family who came from Ipswich, and went back home whenever he got a moment off.
Certainly, Erich Zann was a genius of wild power.
The peak of the epidemic was reached in August.
I alone remained, riveted to my seat by a grovelling fear which I had never felt before.
Of the six men who never reached the ship, he thinks two perished of pure fright in that accursed instant.
Watch me in the sky close by the Daemon Star.
Only on closer view did he mark the starved fancy and beauty, the stale and prosy triteness, and the owlish gravity and grotesque claims of solid truth which reigned boresomely and overwhelmingly among most of its professors; or feel to the full the awkwardness with which it sought to keep alive as literal fact the outgrown fears and guesses of a primal race confronting the unknown.
For a moment I half doubted that I had ever seen it in the more definitely limned form but then I thought of the legends.
And the children grew up comfortably, and more families came from the Mother Land to dwell on The Street.
I did not, however, succeed in finding my late companion, for the dolphins were massed thickly and obscuringly about the conning tower.
The steps were many, and led to a narrow stone flagged passage which I knew must be far underground.
Some believe this crucifix was dragged up to the sealed loft by rats, while others think it must have been on the floor in some corner of Gilman's old room all the time.
Perhaps it was at first only the manifest reluctance of my old preceptor to discuss with me my paternal ancestry that gave rise to the terror which I ever felt at the mention of my great house; yet as I grew out of childhood, I was able to piece together disconnected fragments of discourse, let slip from the unwilling tongue which had begun to falter in approaching senility, that had a sort of relation to a certain circumstance which I had always deemed strange, but which now became dimly terrible.
The sameness of his days no longer gives him sorrow, and well disciplined thoughts have grown enough for his imagination.
Gorgeous beyond thought was the feast of the thousandth year of the destroying of Ib.
When, in the end, my insistent pestering and maturing years evoked from my uncle the hoarded lore I sought, there lay before me a strange enough chronicle.
Simultaneously there developed something like a cold draught, which apparently swept past me from the direction of the distant sound.
Around the middle of July just a year after the Innsmouth experience I spent a week with my late mother's family in Cleveland; checking some of my new genealogical data with the various notes, traditions, and bits of heirloom material in existence there, and seeing what kind of connected chart I could construct.
Members of the Royal Anthropological Institute burned the thing and threw the locket into a well, and some of them do not admit that Arthur Jermyn ever existed.
Especially were we apprehensive concerning the mind and impulses of the creature, since in the space following death some of the more delicate cerebral cells might well have suffered deterioration.
It was in a grotesque hidden courtyard of the Greenwich section, for there in my ignorance I had settled, having heard of the place as the natural home of poets and artists.
At any rate, it would form my only chance of deliverance, and there was nothing to do but try it.
When Randolph Carter was thirty he lost the key of the gate of dreams.
Something fearsome and incredible had happened at Sefton Asylum fifty miles away, stunning the neighbourhood and baffling the police.
Around me were the tombs and the darkness and the shadows; below me, some peril beyond the radius of the human imagination.
Feed it reg'lar, Willy, an' mind the quantity; but dun't let it grow too fast fer the place, fer ef it busts quarters or gits aout afore ye opens to Yog Sothoth, it's all over an' no use.
They did not see that good and evil and beauty and ugliness are only ornamental fruits of perspective, whose sole value lies in their linkage to what chance made our fathers think and feel, and whose finer details are different for every race and culture.
Reared by a Mexican cattle thief who had given him his name, Juan differed little from his fellows.
Dr. Job Ives diagnosed the trouble as some infantile fever, though others declared it was more of a mere wasting away or decline.
This much was clear despite the nauseous eyes, the voiceless simianism, and the daemoniac savagery.
Lit by the mixed and uncertain beams, that gelatinous face assumed a dozen a score a hundred aspects; grinning, as it sank to the ground on a body that melted like tallow, in the caricatured likeness of legions strange and yet not strange.
We kept track of all the deaths and their circumstances with systematic care.
I now bent to the left around the ruinous green; still gazing toward the ocean as it blazed in the spectral summer moonlight, and watching the cryptical flashing of those nameless, unexplainable beacons.
On June , Seamen Bohm and Schmidt, who had been ill the day before, became violently insane.
There one might find the rotting, bald pates of famous noblemen, and the fresh and radiantly golden heads of new buried children.
And then had come the scourge, grinning and lethal, from the nightmare caverns of Tartarus.
Such a step, he said, would require only two stages; first, a passage out of the three dimensional sphere we know, and second, a passage back to the three dimensional sphere at another point, perhaps one of infinite remoteness.
Here the strangers had been granted a haven; and the swarthy Etienne Roulet, less apt at agriculture than at reading queer books and drawing queer diagrams, was given a clerical post in the warehouse at Pardon Tillinghast's wharf, far south in Town Street.
We had hardly more than turned, however, when there descended such a blinding sheet of torrential rain that shelter became imperative.
Hey, yew, why dun't ye say somethin'?
God knows what I expected to find I only felt that I was digging in the grave of a man whose ghost stalked by night.
I can't read an Anacreontic without watering at the mouth and it's something a lot stronger than water that my mouth waters for Anacreontic what 'n hell's that? several hangers on looked up as the young man went slightly beyond their depth.
Grandmothers told strange myths of the Martense spectre; myths concerning the Martense family itself, its queer hereditary dissimilarity of eyes, its long, unnatural annals, and the murder which had cursed it.
No, he said hastily, as the question was put to him, he did not know the subject of the picture.
The man was clad in very ancient garments, and had about him an unplaceable nimbus of sea lore and dreams of tall galleons.
He is better dead, for he was unfit to bear the active intellect of cosmic entity.
Free from unwarranted superstition though I am, these things produced in me an odd sensation, which was intensified by a pair of widely separated newspaper cuttings relating to deaths in the shunned house one from the Providence Gazette and Country Journal of April , , and the other from the Daily Transcript and Chronicle of October , each of which detailed an appallingly grisly circumstance whose duplication was remarkable.
But I am Iranon, a singer of songs, he said, and have no heart for the cobbler's trade.
Alone I mounted the tower, for every man of stout body was needed in the passes below.
Hei Hei At last In the dim light I behold the gods of earth And now Atal, slipping dizzily up over inconceivable steeps, heard in the dark a loathsome laughing, mixed with such a cry as no man else ever heard save in the Phlegethon of unrelatable nightmares; a cry wherein reverberated the horror and anguish of a haunted lifetime packed into one atrocious moment: The other gods The other gods The gods of the outer hells that guard the feeble gods of earth . . .
He knew he did walk and the thing to do now was to stop it.
They wait patient and potent, for here shall They reign again.
Average people in society and business New England's traditional salt of the earth gave an almost completely negative result, though scattered cases of uneasy but formless nocturnal impressions appear here and there, always between March d and April nd the period of young Wilcox's delirium.
Of graves and tombs I knew and imagined much, but had on account of my peculiar temperament been kept from all personal contact with churchyards and cemeteries.
The epidemic and riots of were very sparsely treated, as if they formed a discredit to the county.
Walking softly over to the Washington Street side I perceived several open doorways, and chose the nearest as my route out.
He was merely crass of fibre and function thoughtless, careless, and liquorish, as his easily avoidable accident proves, and without that modicum of imagination which holds the average citizen within certain limits fixed by taste.
And then both stench and sounds grew stronger, so that I paused shivering and grateful for the cut's protection.
It is doubtful whether he was touched at all by the horror and exquisite weirdness of his position, but the bald fact of imprisonment so far from the daily paths of men was enough to exasperate him thoroughly.
There seemed to be unusual activity in the town, but I judged that the news of my escape from the Gilman had not yet spread.
This was a matter for speculation, though one could be fairly certain that the type of mutation involved in a passage from any given dimensional plane to the next higher plane would not be destructive of biological integrity as we understand it.
Not for a moment did I believe that the tale had any really substantial foundation; but none the less the account held a hint of genuine terror, if only because it brought in references to strange jewels clearly akin to the malign tiara I had seen at Newburyport.
There in the moonlight that flooded the spacious plain was a spectacle which no mortal, having seen it, could ever forget.
The whole house, as I have said, had a musty odour; but the smell in his room was worse and in spite of all the spices and incense, and the pungent chemicals of the now incessant baths which he insisted on taking unaided.
It had not seen me, but was simply obeying a general plan of cutting off my escape.
In another column it was stated that no trace of the missing child Ladislas Wolejko had been found.
It was from a youthful reverie filled with speculations of this sort that I arose one afternoon in the winter of , when to the state psychopathic institution in which I served as an interne was brought the man whose case has ever since haunted me so unceasingly.
One night as I listened to the discourse in the large square containing many statues, I felt a change; and perceived that I had at last a bodily form.
It would have been better if we could have known it was underground.
And upward along that pallid path my fevered fancy pictured a thin shadow slowly writhing; a vague contorted shadow struggling as if drawn by unseen daemons.
At the time I saw no reason to dissent from this dictum, but latterly I am inclined to wonder and more than wonder.
It must have been midnight at least when Birch decided he could get through the transom.
But what frightened me most was that flaming column; spouting volcanically from depths profound and inconceivable, casting no shadows as healthy flame should, and coating the nitrous stone above with a nasty, venomous verdigris.
But such was the aspect of Crawford Tillinghast on the night his half coherent message brought me to his door after my weeks of exile; such the spectre that trembled as it admitted me, candle in hand, and glanced furtively over its shoulder as if fearful of unseen things in the ancient, lonely house set back from Benevolent Street.
In the sunshine of the morning the proxenoi led the Tyrant's messengers up the slope to the abode of the sculptor, but the night wind had done strange things.
It was the pictorial carving, however, that did most to hold me spellbound.
Without the least shadow of a doubt, the lock on my hall door was being tried cautiously, furtively, tentatively with a key.
Apparently this acidulous matron was right; for about a.m. the whole house was aroused by cries coming from West's room, where when they broke down the door they found the two of us unconscious on the blood stained carpet, beaten, scratched, and mauled, and with the broken remnants of West's bottles and instruments around us.
Steam had not been suffered to go down entirely, despite the departure of all hands for the shore; and it was the work of only a few moments of feverish rushing up and down between wheel and engines to get the Alert under way.
Now we've only this one thing to fight, and it can't multiply.
Well, don't worry, my friend, for they are coming. . . .
Anyway, they're a doubtful lot now, and the Marshes and the other rich folks are as bad as any.
Might it not actually be another U boat, offering possibilities of rescue?
He must ask Frank Elwood for help.
I was now in a vortex of sound and motion, with confused pictures before my eyes.
Even now he could detect a low, monstrous shaking whose tempo he suspected all too well.
S'pose they musta had, arter all, them old magic signs as the sea things says was the only things they was afeard of.
He seemed to regard the circumstance as one of great significance, and told the loungers at Osborn's that he thought his time had almost come.
I had intended to pass by the remains of the stranger with averted face, but as I approached the body, I seemed to hear emanating from it a faint sound, as though life were not yet wholly extinct.
He stretched out his arms toward the sun and prayed in a tongue no villager could understand; though indeed the villagers did not try very hard to understand, since their attention was mostly taken up by the sky and the odd shapes the clouds were assuming.
West, who had his hand on the pulse of the left wrist, suddenly nodded significantly; and almost simultaneously a mist appeared on the mirror inclined above the body's mouth.
Braced up by Elwood's companionship, Gilman attended classes that day.
At my evident ignorance of his meaning, the pitchy eyes once more flashed malevolently at me, until, helpless as I saw my opponent to be, I trembled as I watched him.
There was an open space around the church; partly a churchyard with spectral shafts, and partly a half paved square swept nearly bare of snow by the wind, and lined with unwholesomely archaic houses having peaked roofs and overhanging gables.
On a verdant slope of Mount Maenalus, in Arcadia, there stands an olive grove about the ruins of a villa.
There were lights inside the house when I came upon it, and I saw from the diamond window panes that it must have been kept very close to its antique state.
This thing had done Slater some hideous but unnamed wrong, which the maniac if maniac he were yearned to avenge.
We approached the house from the field in the rear, took the specimen in the back door and down the cellar stairs, and prepared it for the usual experiment.
A favourite haunt of mine during the day was the ruined cellar of the mansion that had burned down, and in fancy I would picture the structure as it had been in its prime.
Unlocking it, he ushered me into a barren hallway with what was once splendid dark oak panelling simple, of course, but thrillingly suggestive of the times of Andros and Phipps and the Witchcraft.
On the morning of September th Professor Rice and Dr. Morgan insisted on seeing him for a while, and departed trembling and ashen grey.
others'll worship with us at meetin' time, an' sarten haouses hez got to entertain guests . . .
Both, though, agreed that they must leave this ancient and accursed house as soon as it could be arranged.
It was closer to Maple Hill than to Cone Mountain, some of the crude abodes indeed being dugouts on the side of the former eminence.
Let us leave the city Teloth and fare together among the hills of spring.
Our fear of the police was absurdly great, though we had timed our trip to avoid the solitary patrolman of that section.
He had a lot of talk about diet, and said Pickman must be abnormal and eccentric to the last degree.
But Hiram, loyal to the last, has held faith in me, and has done that which impels me to make public at least a part of my story.
In my dreams I found a little of the beauty I had vainly sought in life, and wandered through old gardens and enchanted woods.
As he remounted the splitting coffins he felt his weight very poignantly; especially when, upon reaching the topmost one, he heard that aggravated crackle which bespeaks the wholesale rending of wood.
The next afternoon a dense flock of sea birds appeared from the south, and the ocean began to heave ominously.
Again I say, I do not know what has become of Harley Warren; though I think almost hope that he is in peaceful oblivion, if there be anywhere so blessed a thing.
According to one story nothing further happened save that the stuffed goddess became a symbol of supremacy for whatever tribe might possess it.
I had seen it before, let footprints tell what they might; and where it was I had seen it were best forgotten.
And yet that house, to the two persons in possession of certain information, equals or outranks in horror the wildest phantasy of the genius who so often passed it unknowingly, and stands starkly leering as a symbol of all that is unutterably hideous.
Wretched is he who looks back upon lone hours in vast and dismal chambers with brown hangings and maddening rows of antique books, or upon awed watches in twilight groves of grotesque, gigantic, and vine encumbered trees that silently wave twisted branches far aloft.
The average of their intelligence is woefully low, whilst their annals reek of overt viciousness and of half hidden murders, incests, and deeds of almost unnamable violence and perversity.
Swimming races out to Devil Reef were very common, and everyone in sight seemed well able to share in this arduous sport.
In the winter of , however, the dreams began.
It's a goin' agin, an' this time by day It's aout it's aout an' a movin' this very minute, an' only the Lord knows when it'll be on us all The speaker panted into silence, but another took up his message.
Immediately afterward Jermyn emerged from the room, rushing frantically toward the front of the house as if pursued by some hideous enemy.
He talked but little, and usually in the common jargon of the underworld; but occasionally, when inflamed by an unusually generous dose of crude whiskey, would burst forth into strings of incomprehensible polysyllables and snatches of sonorous prose and verse which led certain habitués to conjecture that he had seen better days.
I hadn't been able to give him much of my opinions I was too speechless with fright and loathing but I think he fully understood and felt highly complimented.
When eleven struck, however, the old man stood up, glided to a massive carved chest in a corner, and got two hooded cloaks; one of which he donned, and the other of which he draped round the old woman, who was ceasing her monotonous spinning.
At first content to view the scene as an all observant uncorporeal presence, I now desired to define my relation to it, and to speak my mind amongst the grave men who conversed each day in the public squares.
At times I fancied that every contour of these blasphemous fish frogs was overflowing with the ultimate quintessence of unknown and inhuman evil.
He seemed exceptionally eager to talk, and I soon gathered that he did not like the place, its fishy smell, or its furtive people.
Red tongues of flame and searing gusts of heat engulfed the house; and the roysterers, struck with terror at the descent of a calamity which seemed to transcend the bounds of unguided Nature, fled shrieking into the night.
Birch acquired a limitation and changed his business in , yet never discussed the case when he could avoid it.
Influenced by the legends that Barry had related, my mind had in slumber hovered around a stately city in a green valley, where marble streets and statues, villas and temples, carvings and inscriptions, all spoke in certain tones the glory that was Greece.
And the trees still sheltered singing birds, and at evening the moon and stars looked down upon dewy blossoms in the walled rose gardens.
It had for some time been noticed that dogs had begun to hate and fear the whole Whateley place as violently as they hated and feared young Wilbur personally.
No more could his galleys sail up the river Oukranos past the gilded spires of Thran, or his elephant caravans tramp through perfumed jungles in Kled, where forgotten palaces with veined ivory columns sleep lovely and unbroken under the moon.
Family and neighbours had now fled in a panic, and when the more courageous of them returned, Slater was gone, leaving behind an unrecognisable pulp like thing that had been a living man but an hour before.
Had not, then, the riots of those bygone seventeen thirties set moving certain kinetic patterns in the morbid brain of one or more of them notably the sinister Paul Roulet which obscurely survived the bodies murdered and buried by the mob, and continued to function in some multiple dimensioned space along the original lines of force determined by a frantic hatred of the encroaching community?
We followed the local death notices like ghouls, for our specimens demanded particular qualities.
Physicians were unable to find any visible disorder, but concluded after perplexed debate that some obscure lesion of the heart, induced by the brisk ascent of so steep a hill by so elderly a man, was responsible for the end.
The great war was then at its very beginning, and the ocean forces of the Hun had not completely sunk to their later degradation; so that our vessel was made a legitimate prize, whilst we of her crew were treated with all the fairness and consideration due us as naval prisoners.
The next night devils danced on the roofs of Arkham, and unnatural madness howled in the wind.
It was indeed in the place where I had seemed to see it.
One night he had burst wildly into Sheehan's, foaming at the mouth and screaming for whiskey and hasheesh; and having been supplied in exchange for a promise to perform odd jobs, had hung about ever since, mopping floors, cleaning cuspidors and glasses, and attending to an hundred similar menial duties in exchange for the drink and drugs which were necessary to keep him alive and sane.
The writing accompanying this oddity was, aside from a stack of press cuttings, in Professor Angell's most recent hand; and made no pretence to literary style.
Out of that crash came darkness, and I heard the shrieking of men and of things which were not men.
Lunch and dinner were brought him, but he ate only the smallest fraction of either.
Just as I dropped to sleep I fancied I heard faint sounds from the distance; sounds that were wild and half musical, and stirred me with a weird excitement which coloured my dreams.
The picture is blurred, but ineradicable.
My pressure took the opener off guard, for the thing shut as I pushed, so that I could slip the well conditioned bolt as I had done with the other door.
Twice a year they would light fires on the top of Sentinel Hill, at which times the mountain rumblings would recur with greater and greater violence; while at all seasons there were strange and portentous doings at the lonely farmhouse.
He was blond, handsome, and spoiled; vivacious and eager to taste the several forms of dissipation about which he had read and heard.
And yet I am strangely content, and cling desperately to those sere memories, when my mind momentarily threatens to reach beyond to the other.
The sight of this form, and the expression on its face, broke the spell.
Once or twice I saw listless looking people working in barren gardens or digging clams on the fishy smelling beach below, and groups of dirty, simian visaged children playing around weed grown doorsteps.
Yog Sothoth is the gate.
But here, too, was there no satisfaction or fulfilment; for the touch of earth was upon his mind, and he could not think of lovely things as he had done of yore.
No it wasn't the paintings I saw in that place; though I'll swear they were enough to get him ostracised in nine tenths of the homes and clubs of Boston, and I guess you won't wonder now why I have to steer clear of subways and cellars.
It was the pit the maelstrom the ultimate abomination.
The Boatswain Müller, an elderly man who would have known better had he not been a superstitious Alsatian swine, became so excited by this impression that he watched the body in the water; and swore that after it sank a little it drew its limbs into a swimming position and sped away to the south under the waves.
As I sat deciphering the execrable French I felt more lenient toward the old man.
Klenze and I usually slept at different times; and it was during my sleep, about A.M., July , that the general mutiny broke loose.
It was alive now, and early villagers courtesied as the horsemen clattered down the street and turned off into the lane that ends in the abyss of dream.
The bishop was last to go.
That these secrets should be brought to light seemed injudicious, and I began to wish for an excuse to leave the castle and the village.
I screamed aloud that I was not afraid; that I never could be afraid; and others screamed with me for solace.
The way was rough and obscure, and never did they seem nearer to Oonai the city of lutes and dancing; but in the dusk as the stars came out Iranon would sing of Aira and its beauties and Romnod would listen, so that they were both happy after a fashion.
They are grown stern, and where once they suffered men to displace them, they now forbid men to come, or coming, to depart.
This revelation of simplicity removed much of the ill defined apprehension I had felt, and I smiled as my host rambled on: Queer haow picters kin set a body thinkin'.
It was of this world, and yet not of it a shadowy geometrical confusion in which could be seen elements of familiar things in most unfamiliar and perturbing combinations.
Briden pushed at the stone in several places without result.
It also bore the inscription, From Eric Moreland Clapham Lee, St. Eloi, Flanders.
What I have seen would blast ye to a mad statue of stone Back, back forward, forward look, ye puling lack wit And as he snarled the phrase under his breath he gestured anew; bringing to the sky a flash more blinding than either which had come before.
And I closed my eyes before the crash that I knew would come, shutting out the sight of the celestial bird which flapped its mocking blue wings over the brink of the torrent.
It can, though, do a lot of harm; so we mustn't hesitate to rid the community of it.
It was seeking the door to the cellar, and when it found it, it vanished therein.
The aspect of the whole was abnormally life like, and the more subtly fearful because its source was so totally unknown.
What it suggested, however, was of portentous significance to my flagging quest; and I carefully tore it out for immediate action.
Then came a period when luck was poor; interments fell off, and those that did occur were of specimens either too diseased or too maimed for use.
There came a period when people were curious enough to steal up and count the herd that grazed precariously on the steep hillside above the old farmhouse, and they could never find more than ten or twelve anaemic, bloodless looking specimens.
He clearly understood my needs at a glance, and ministered to them with a master's deftness; the while reassuring me in a finely modulated though oddly hollow and timbreless voice that he was the bitterest of sworn enemies to death, and had sunk his fortune and lost all his friends in a lifetime of bizarre experiment devoted to its bafflement and extirpation.
I now felt the floor of this lower room giving as that of the upper chamber had done, and once a crashing above had been followed by the fall past the west window of something which must have been the cupola.
About noon I encountered a suitable supply house far downtown, and at approximately : p.m. arrived at my boarding place with the necessary paraphernalia and two sturdy and intelligent mechanics.
At first it told to me only the plain little tales of calm beaches and near ports, but with the years it grew more friendly and spoke of other things; of things more strange and more distant in space and in time.
Being now afraid to live alone in the ancient house on the moor, I departed on the following day for London, taking with me the amulet after destroying by fire and burial the rest of the impious collection in the museum.
The bleak mountain wind, sighing through the olive grove and the tomb tree, had an uncanny way of forming vaguely articulate sounds.
Having noted and copied an oral ritual among the swamp cult worshippers his men had arrested, he besought the professor to remember as best he might the syllables taken down amongst the diabolist Esquimaux.
Whether the events of that night were of reality or illusion I shall never ascertain.
Summer boarders have indeed scanned it with jaunty binoculars, but have never seen more than the grey primeval roof, peaked and shingled, whose eaves come nearly to the grey foundations, and the dim yellow light of the little windows peeping out from under those eaves in the dusk.
Then, amidst the dismal moans from the stable and the daemoniac piping of late whippoorwills in the glen, Selina Frye tottered to the telephone and spread what news she could of the second phase of the horror.
At the same moment the disgusting form of Brown Jenkin scrambled up over the brink of the triangular black gulf on his left.
Such was our frame of mind as we talked far into the night, till my uncle's growing drowsiness made me remind him to lie down for his two hour sleep.
So without delay West had injected into the body's wrist the compound which would hold it fresh for use after my arrival.
He was not like any other Jermyn who had ever lived, for he was a poet and a dreamer.
He sat for some time inactive, nodding oddly, but having a paradoxical suggestion of intense and frightened listening.
We also talked at length with such of the mountain mongrels as had not fled from the terror and confusion to remoter slopes, and arranged to precede our culminating task the exhaustive and definitive examination of the mansion in the light of its detailed history with an equally exhaustive and definitive examination of spots associated with the various tragedies of squatter legend.
Thou art a strange youth, and I like not thy face nor thy voice.
I remember the twilight, the moon, and soft songs, and the window where I was rocked to sleep.
It was not what I heard, but what I saw; for in that dark, locked, shuttered, and curtained room there appeared from the black northeast corner a shaft of horrible red gold light a shaft which bore with it no glow to disperse the darkness, but which streamed only upon the recumbent head of the troubled sleeper, bringing out in hideous duplication the luminous and strangely youthful memory face as I had known it in dreams of abysmal space and unshackled time, when my friend had pushed behind the barrier to those secret, innermost, and forbidden caverns of nightmare.
He was the nineteenth Baron of a line whose beginnings went uncomfortably far back into the past unbelievably far, if vague tradition could be heeded, for there were family tales of a descent from pre Saxon times, when a certain Cnaeus Gabinius Capito, military tribune in the Third Augustan Legion then stationed at Lindum in Roman Britain, had been summarily expelled from his command for participation in certain rites unconnected with any known religion.
The country bore an aspect more than usually sinister as we viewed it by night and without the accustomed crowds of investigators, so that we were often tempted to use the acetylene headlight despite the attention it might attract.
What mercy I might gain by returning the thing to its silent, sleeping owner I knew not; but I felt that I must at least try any step conceivably logical.
But it was not in these vortices of complete alienage that he saw Brown Jenkin.
In short, both principle and policy demanded stern action; and I could not doubt but that Publius Scribonius, bearing in mind the dignity and obligations of the Roman People, would adhere to his plan of despatching the cohort, me accompanying, despite such objections as Balbutius and Asellius speaking indeed more like provincials than Romans might see fit to offer and multiply.
This arrangement could be ascended with a minimum of awkwardness, and would furnish the desired height.
The excited countryside immediately connected the horror with the haunted Martense mansion, though the localities were over three miles apart.
He was, West nervously said, a congenial stranger whom we had met at some downtown bar of uncertain location.
I found a solitary boy of about seventeen in charge, and was pleased to note the brightness and affability which promised cheerful information.
He would, he wrote, defray the difference in rent.
Strange urges still tugged at him, but he could sidetrack them with considerable success.
Of Gerrit Martense's descendants less is known than of himself; since they were all reared in hatred of the English civilisation, and trained to shun such of the colonists as accepted it.
Johansen's address, I discovered, lay in the Old Town of King Harold Haardrada, which kept alive the name of Oslo during all the centuries that the greater city masqueraded as Christiana.
Knowing that the Thing could surely overtake the Alert until steam was fully up, he resolved on a desperate chance; and, setting the engine for full speed, ran lightning like on deck and reversed the wheel.
Filled with wonder, yet now realising how the man had obtained access to the chateau, I proceeded to return.
All he could do was moan half inaudibly, Oh, oh, great Gawd . . .
I returned to the boat as my electric batteries grew feeble, resolved to explore the rock temple on the following day.
And the bearded man again implored me to turn back, but I heeded him not; for from the mists beyond the basalt pillars I fancied there came the notes of singer and lutanist; sweeter than the sweetest songs of Sona Nyl, and sounding mine own praises; the praises of me, who had voyaged far under the full moon and dwelt in the Land of Fancy.
My pets are not pretty, for they come out of places where aesthetic standards are very different.
For that visitor was neither Italian nor policeman.
claws and teeth sharpened on centuries of corpses . . .
The first object of my curiosity was a book of medium size lying upon the table and presenting such an antediluvian aspect that I marvelled at beholding it outside a museum or library.
Keep still The combined shock of the revelation and of the abrupt command gave me a kind of paralysis, and in my terror my mind again opened to the impressions coming from what Tillinghast called beyond.
She was greatly devoted to her unfortunate sister, and had an especial affection for her only surviving nephew William, who from a sturdy infant had become a sickly, spindling lad.
They suspected that I was holding something back, and perhaps suspected graver things; but I could not tell them the truth because they would not have believed it.
Them as was born more like the things changed arly, but them as was nearly human sometimes stayed on the island till they was past seventy, though they'd usually go daown under fer trial trips afore that.
Armitage produced a pocket telescope of considerable power and scanned the steep green side of the hill.
May I say that he flouted the sanctity of things as great as space and time, and that he put to strange uses the rites of sartain half breed red Indians once encamped upon this hill?
The young gentleman had better be sure to wear the crucifix Joe Mazurewicz had given him.
Firmly though respectfully they signified their refusal to revisit the chasm, or indeed to work further in the mine until it might be sealed.
By what malign fatality were we lured to that terrible Holland churchyard?
There was a mighty eddying and foaming in the noisome brine, and as the steam mounted higher and higher the brave Norwegian drove his vessel head on against the pursuing jelly which rose above the unclean froth like the stern of a daemon galleon.
Again I called down, Warren, are you there?, and in answer heard the thing which has brought this cloud over my mind.
Trever seemed dazed in the confusion, and shrank to the wall as the strife thickened.
What do maps and records and guide books really tell of the North End? Bah At a guess I'll guarantee to lead you to thirty or forty alleys and networks of alleys north of Prince Street that aren't suspected by ten living beings outside of the foreigners that swarm them.
He was now tremendously mature of aspect, and his height, having reached the normal adult limit, seemed inclined to wax beyond that figure.
Once I tried to escape from the forest, but as I went farther from the castle the shade grew denser and the air more filled with brooding fear; so that I ran frantically back lest I lose my way in a labyrinth of nighted silence.
More space, Willy, more space soon.
But the bank defaulter under cover explained to them that Anacreon was a gay old dog who lived many years ago and wrote about the fun he had when all the world was just like Sheehan's.
Zadok was shewing signs of fright and exhaustion, and I let him keep silence for a while, though glancing apprehensively at my watch.
Though of poetic rather than scientific temperament, he planned to continue the work of his forefathers in African ethnology and antiquities, utilising the truly wonderful though strange collection of Sir Wade.
Zath, the coroner, disputed at length with Nith, the lean notary; and Kranon and Shang and Thul were overwhelmed with questions.
Then came the frenzied tones again: Carter, it's terrible monstrous unbelievable This time my voice did not fail me, and I poured into the transmitter a flood of excited questions.
He would write of what he knew before death came, but his wife must not guess.
It was not long after my arrival and employment that Juan Romero came to the Norton Mine.
Then came the steeper slope that held the old Carter place he had not seen in over forty years.
I bought an automatic and almost took the step, but certain dreams deterred me.
I mention his talk about angles because it suggests something Wilcox had told me of his awful dreams.
Their creeds were heterodox and mysterious, involving hints of certain marvellous transformations leading to bodily immortality of a sort on this earth.
Wisely did Ibn Schacabao say, that happy is the tomb where no wizard hath lain, and happy the town at night whose wizards are all ashes.
Servants found me unconscious in the morning.
Now an unlettered seaman felt the same thing whilst gazing at the terrible reality.
Inside the hall were music, laughter, and wine on every hand.
At midnight the doorbell rang, startling him fearfully.
When I heard the fears which had driven the people from Kilderry I laughed as loudly as my friend had laughed, for these fears were of the vaguest, wildest, and most absurd character.
He guessed it was in the attic at home in Boston, and dimly remembered bribing Parks with half his week's allowance to help him open the box and keep quiet about it; but when he remembered this, the face of Parks came up very strangely, as if the wrinkles of long years had fallen upon the brisk little Cockney.
It's just over your left shoulder. . .
At last the French element had appeared that, and another deeper element of horror which the name conjured up from the darkest recesses of my weird and heterogeneous reading and I feverishly studied the platting of the locality as it had been before the cutting through and partial straightening of Back Street between and .
Yet still there came that monotonous piping from afar; wild, weird airs that made me think of some dance of fauns on distant Maenalus.
How could any backwoods dullard have gained so much as an idea of those glittering realms of supernal radiance and space about which Slater ranted in his furious delirium?
I had not entered the army on my own initiative, but rather as a natural result of the enlistment of the man whose indispensable assistant I was the celebrated Boston surgical specialist, Dr. Herbert West.
The Martense mansion was built in by Gerrit Martense, a wealthy New Amsterdam merchant who disliked the changing order under British rule, and had constructed this magnificent domicile on a remote woodland summit whose untrodden solitude and unusual scenery pleased him.
Penniless, and at the end of my supply of the drug which alone makes life endurable, I can bear the torture no longer; and shall cast myself from this garret window into the squalid street below.
Nor did Musides fail to bury close to Kalos' head the olive twigs from the grove.
But it was all right with the heathens, because they'd ben havin' a hard time an' was desp'rate abaout everything.
There was a secret which even torture could not extract.
Thou shalt shew me the ways of travel and I will attend thy songs at evening when the stars one by one bring dreams to the minds of dreamers.
Cha'ncey he says they leads off into the medders, whar a great swath wider'n a barn is matted daown, an' all the stun walls tumbled every whichway wherever it goes.
That was before my time before the new squire's time.
One night I had a frightful dream in which I met my grandmother under the sea.
What I wished was a comprehensive history of the site from its very settlement in or even before, if any Narragansett Indian legend could be unearthed to supply the data.
Clearly, my nerves were sorely taxed, and I must cast off these impressions of weaker men.
That afternoon we found the new grave, and determined to begin work soon after midnight.
In a natural glade of the swamp stood a grassy island of perhaps an acre's extent, clear of trees and tolerably dry.
Through all the land of Mnar and the lands adjacent spread the tales of those who had fled from Sarnath, and caravans sought that accursed city and its precious metals no more.
There had been a slight earthquake tremor the night before, the most considerable felt in New England for some years; and Wilcox's imagination had been keenly affected.
There was a gradual deterioration I had not foreseen.
Then they gave Kuranes a horse and placed him at the head of the cavalcade, and all rode majestically through the downs of Surrey and onward toward the region where Kuranes and his ancestors were born.
The physician with the iron grey beard who comes each day to my room once told a visitor that this decision marked the beginning of a pitiful monomania; but I will leave final judgment to my readers when they shall have learnt all.
The strangeness did not reside in what he said, or even in the simple idioms he used; but seemed vaguely linked with his intonation or with the internal organs that produced the spoken sounds.
The villagers had shunned the car and the driver from the north, but had whispered to me with pale faces when they saw I was going to Kilderry.
Thursday night began much like the others, but it ended less happily.
That, on the other hand, the successful administration of a province depended primarily upon the safety and good will of the civilised element in whose hands the local machinery of commerce and prosperity reposed, and in whose veins a large mixture of our own Italian blood coursed.
He seemed to be in an aboundingly good humour, yet to possess those eccentricities which one might guess from his grooming.
I did not like the way he looked at healthy living bodies; and then there came a nightmarish session in the cellar laboratory when I learned that a certain specimen had been a living body when he secured it.
Whilst Musides revelled by night amidst the urban gaieties of Tegea, Kalos would remain at home; stealing away from the sight of his slaves into the cool recesses of the olive grove.
It seemed to be a sort of monster, or symbol representing a monster, of a form which only a diseased fancy could conceive.
I saw him on a sleepless night when I was walking desperately to save my soul and my vision.
To gain a partial relief from the general tension I busied myself by transferring this hardware to the vacant place with the aid of a handy three in one device including a screw driver which I kept on my key ring.
Had he actually slipped outside our sphere to points unguessed and unimaginable?
They roared like the animals they were, and broke instruments and furniture indiscriminately; screaming about such nonsense as the curse of the ivory image and the dark dead youth who looked at them and swam away.
They were loud loud as the rumblings and the thunder above which they echoed yet did they come from no visible being.
Stubbs, upon sending forth his son Zerubbabel to seek his fortune in New England in for he thought ill of the Restoration atmosphere for a pious young yeoman, gave him St. Ibid's or rather Brother Ibid's, for he abhorred all that was Popish skull as a talisman.
That night I encamped, and on the following day still travelled toward the hummock, though that object seemed scarcely nearer than when I had first espied it.
He did not walk or climb, fly or swim, crawl or wriggle; yet always experienced a mode of motion partly voluntary and partly involuntary.
In this case an overwhelming preponderance of evidence from numerous authentic sources pointed to the tenacious existence of certain forces of great power and, so far as the human point of view is concerned, exceptional malignancy.
I was too fond of ending my stories with sights or sounds which paralysed my heroes' faculties and left them without courage, words, or associations to tell what they had experienced.
Of ghastly marble were its walls and its towers, its columns, domes, and pavements.
What has risen may sink, and what has sunk may rise.
The coroner's physician decided that some belonged to a small child, while certain others found mixed with shreds of rotten brownish cloth belonged to a rather undersized, bent female of advanced years.
Nevertheless I followed him; for in those dreary days my quest for antique beauty and mystery was all that I had to keep my soul alive, and I reckoned it a rare favour of Fate to fall in with one whose kindred seekings seemed to have penetrated so much farther than mine.
I was afeard never did no pryin' arter that awful night, an' never see one of them clost to in all my life.
It was the Yule rite, older than man and fated to survive him; the primal rite of the solstice and of spring's promise beyond the snows; the rite of fire and evergreen, light and music.
I believe that my mind was partly unhinged by events since August th; the daemon shadow in the mansion, the general strain and disappointment, and the thing that occurred at the hamlet in an October storm.
The next day I ascended to the conning tower and commenced the customary searchlight explorations.
He believed that his great secret knowledge of gods could shield him from their wrath, so resolved to go up to the summit of high and rocky Hatheg Kla on a night when he knew the gods would be there.
Negotium perambulans in tenebris. . . .
And where Nyarlathotep went, rest vanished; for the small hours were rent with the screams of nightmare.
We retired about eleven, but I did not sleep well.
An' they's awful kinder marks in the yard, tew great raound marks bigger raound than a hogshead, an' all sticky with stuff like is on the blowed up haouse.
Now, with the eyes closed, it looked more asleep than dead; though the expert test of my friend soon left no doubt on that score.
Gilman mechanically attended classes that morning, but was wholly unable to fix his mind on his studies.
He had better, he thought, sprinkle flour within the room as well as outside the door though after all no further proof of his sleep walking was needed.
There, in , his son Dutee was born; and there the family dwelt till the encroachments of commerce drove them back across the river and over the hill to Angell Street, in the newer East Side residence district, where the late Archer Harris built his sumptuous but hideous French roofed mansion in .
And the floor of the palace is of glass, under which flow the cunningly lighted waters of the Narg, gay with gaudy fish not known beyond the bounds of lovely Cathuria.
Fool, they are harmless But the servants are gone, aren't they?
Then there was a more subtle fear a very fantastic sensation resulting from a curious experiment in the Canadian army in .
Klenze had gone mad and perished before reaching this sinister remnant of a past unwholesomely remote, and had advised me to go with him.
The more he remembered of his hideous dream the more terrified he felt, and it added to his desperation to hear Joe Mazurewicz chanting mournfully two floors below.
So far I have not shot myself as my uncle Douglas did.
When the pine box was fully uncovered West scrambled down and removed the lid, dragging out and propping up the contents.
But on the night after it was set up in the temple a terrible thing must have happened, for weird lights were seen over the lake, and in the morning the people found the idol gone, and the high priest Taran Ish lying dead, as from some fear unspeakable.
I never spoke to him again.
I do not try, gentlemen, to account for that thing that voice nor can I venture to describe it in detail, since the first words took away my consciousness and created a mental blank which reaches to the time of my awakening in the hospital.
Barzai the Wise they never found, nor could the holy priest Atal ever be persuaded to pray for his soul's repose.
Upon the resumption of work Superintendent Arthur called on some especially dependable men to make a few investigations around the spot where the gulf had appeared.
Now the work of drainage was ready to begin, and the labourers from the north were soon to strip the forbidden bog of its green moss and red heather, and kill the tiny shell paved streamlets and quiet blue pools fringed with rushes.
It was when he regained his senses that he told his story; told his fantastic figment of madness in frantic whispers, lest his friend be not quick to burn the accursed book and give wide scattering to its ashes.
As the presence of the three men seemed to rouse the dying thing, it began to mumble without turning or raising its head.
And one night a mighty gulf was bridged, and the dream haunted skies swelled down to the lonely watcher's window to merge with the close air of his room and make him a part of their fabulous wonder.
Evidently he found the society of a well born man a rare novelty in this dingy environment, and was moved to unaccustomed speech as memories of better days surged over him.
The procession of clerics began filing down the steep stairs through the trap door in the floor, turning and making menacing gestures as they left.
God, what a rage I'd hate to have it aimed at me Why did you do it, Birch?
The stuffed goddess was a nauseous sight, withered and eaten away, but it was clearly a mummified white ape of some unknown species, less hairy than any recorded variety, and infinitely nearer mankind quite shockingly so.
When he took down the shutter the wind and rain howled deafeningly in, so that I could not hear what he said; but I waited while he leaned out and tried to fathom Nature's pandemonium.
Ebenezer cud read a leetle o' this 'tis Latin but I can't.
It was in truth a diary, as all had thought; and it was couched in a style clearly shewing the mixed occult erudition and general illiteracy of the strange being who wrote it.
Mrs. Frye proposed telephoning the neighbours, and Elmer was about to agree when the noise of splintering wood burst in upon their deliberations.
When at last my senses returned, all was frightfully dark, and my mind remembering what had occurred, shrank from the idea of beholding more; yet curiosity overmastered all.
Public interest in the Whateleys subsided after most of the country folk had seen the baby, and no one bothered to comment on the swift development which that newcomer seemed every day to exhibit.
I remember how I shuddered at his facial expression on the night before the awful happening, when he talked so incessantly of his theory, why certain corpses never decay, but rest firm and fat in their tombs for a thousand years.
Yet the force of the elements was such as to overcome my scruples, and I did not hesitate to wheel my machine up the weedy rise to the closed door which seemed at once so suggestive and secretive.
The language in which the discourse was clothed was that debased form of Latin in use amongst the more learned men of the Middle Ages, and made familiar to me by my prolonged researches into the works of the old alchemists and daemonologists.
But success and happiness were not to be.
Over the door, however, the high, slit like transom in the brick facade gave promise of possible enlargement to a diligent worker; hence upon this his eyes long rested as he racked his brains for means to reach it.
I shivered, pulled a blanket over the hideous face, and awakened the nurse.
Then came the first scratching and fumbling at the dormer window that looked out high above the other roofs of the city.
After much patient instruction regarding its focussing and use, they left the telescope with the frightened group that remained in the road; and as they climbed they were watched closely by those among whom the glass was passed around.
Especially was he afraid to be out of doors alone when the stars were shining, and if forced to this condition he would often glance furtively at the sky as if hunted by some monstrous thing therein.
I had a curious desire to look out of that window, over the wall and down the unseen slope at the glittering roofs and spires which must lie outspread there.
During the interval that Tillinghast was silent I fancied myself in some vast and incredible temple of long dead gods; some vague edifice of innumerable black stone columns reaching up from a floor of damp slabs to a cloudy height beyond the range of my vision.
There were insane shouts and harrowing screams, soul chilling chants and dancing devil flames; and, the frightened messenger added, the people could stand it no more.
Always the same the night before the Kalends of Maius and the night before the Kalends of November.
A larger man guided his steps; a repellent hulk whose bluish face seemed half eaten away by some unknown malady.
And they say that the Terrible Old Man talks to these bottles, addressing them by such names as Jack, Scar Face, Long Tom, Spanish Joe, Peters, and Mate Ellis, and that whenever he speaks to a bottle the little lead pendulum within makes certain definite vibrations as if in answer.
Obviously it was organic, or had once been organic. . . .
At last I could feel a real shiver run through Manton, who had moved very near.
I shiver as I speak of them, and dare not be explicit; though I will say that my friend once wrote on paper a wish which he dared not utter with his tongue, and which made me burn the paper and look affrightedly out of the window at the spangled night sky.
Still, no one durst complain to the sinister couple; even when little Atal, the innkeeper's son, vowed that he had at twilight seen all the cats of Ulthar in that accursed yard under the trees, pacing very slowly and solemnly in a circle around the cottage, two abreast, as if in performance of some unheard of rite of beasts.
They arrested me because the revolver was in my hand, but released me in three hours, after they found it was apoplexy which had finished Tillinghast and saw that my shot had been directed at the noxious machine which now lay hopelessly shattered on the laboratory floor.
It was annoying that the electricity should not last out the air and provisions.
Ahead lay sparse grass and scrub blueberry bushes, and beyond them the naked rock of the crag and the thin peak of the dreaded grey cottage.
I seem to have suffered a great shock perhaps from some utterly monstrous outgrowth of my cycles of unique, incredible experience.
My uncle looked concerned, and paused in his unwrapping to study my countenance.
Thar's whar it all begun that cursed place of all wickedness whar the deep water starts.
There was a solution which he injected into the veins of dead things, and if they were fresh enough they responded in strange ways.
I saw this vista, I say, and heard as with the mind's ear the blasphemous domdaniel of cacophony which companioned it.
My greatest dread was in re crossing broad and moonlit South Street with its seaward view and I had to nerve myself for the ordeal.
Shapes talkin' sign language with their hands . . .
Something had caught my ancestor on a dark valley road, leaving him with marks of horns on his chest and of ape like claws on his back; and when they looked for prints in the trampled dust they found the mixed marks of split hooves and vaguely anthropoid paws.
When we did turn, it was to climb through the deserted length of the oldest and dirtiest alley I ever saw in my life, with crumbling looking gables, broken small paned windows, and archaic chimneys that stood out half disintegrated against the moonlit sky.
The damn' government can try tuh make folks good ef it wants tuh, but it can't stop a feller from hittin' 'er up when he feels like it.
And out into the limitless aether reeled that fabulous train, the noise of whose shouting was lost in the echoes of thunder.
The Great War, through which both of us served as surgeons, had intensified this side of West.
Upon investigation it was seen that a new abyss yawned indefinitely below the seat of the blast; an abyss so monstrous that no handy line might fathom it, nor any lamp illuminate it.
Once more came the voice of my friend, still hoarse with fear, and now apparently tinged with despair: I can't tell you, Carter It's too utterly beyond thought I dare not tell you no man could know it and live Great God I never dreamed of THIS Stillness again, save for my now incoherent torrent of shuddering inquiry.
It was more horrible than anything I had ever overheard, because I could now see the expression of his face, and could realise that this time the motive was stark fear.
It was the ultimate product of mammalian degeneration; the frightful outcome of isolated spawning, multiplication, and cannibal nutrition above and below the ground; the embodiment of all the snarling chaos and grinning fear that lurk behind life.
I knocked repeatedly at the door, but received no response.
It is you they will get, as they got the servants.
A wind stronger than the night wind rushed by, and I knew that what had befallen St. John must soon befall me.
Listen to me The waves from that thing are waking a thousand sleeping senses in us; senses which we inherit from aeons of evolution from the state of detached electrons to the state of organic humanity.
Though well above the middle stature, and of somewhat brawny frame, he was given an absurd appearance of harmless stupidity by the pale, sleepy blueness of his small watery eyes, the scantiness of his neglected and never shaven growth of yellow beard, and the listless drooping of his heavy nether lip.
Heh, heh, heh, heh. . .
In the ashes of the fateful cabin I found several bones, but apparently none of the monster's.
Thus isolated, and thrown upon my own resources, I spent the hours of my childhood in poring over the ancient tomes that filled the shadow haunted library of the chateau, and in roaming without aim or purpose through the perpetual dusk of the spectral wood that clothes the side of the hill near its foot.
They talked of the old cotter and his wife, of the caravan of dark wanderers, of small Menes and his black kitten, of the prayer of Menes and of the sky during that prayer, of the doings of the cats on the night the caravan left, and of what was later found in the cottage under the dark trees in the repellent yard.
The crowning horror came that very night.
Now, he reflected, those nervous fears were being mirrored in his disordered dreams.
And now they were scattered, and shared only the rituals of mysteries that none living could understand.
Then suddenly I came by a rare piece of chance, since it was not in the main body of records and might easily have been missed upon something which aroused my keenest eagerness, fitting in as it did with several of the queerest phases of the affair.
Then came the storm of April nd, and a gathering of the clouds about his consciousness.
Dark, frail, and somewhat unkempt in aspect, he turned languidly at my knock and asked me my business without rising.
And it was by moonlight that we anchored at last in the harbour of Sona Nyl, which is guarded by twin headlands of crystal that rise from the sea and meet in a resplendent arch.
At another time I felt the huge animate things brushing past me and occasionally walking or drifting through my supposedly solid body, and thought I saw Tillinghast look at them as though his better trained senses could catch them visually.
An even greater mystery is the absolute homogeneity of the crabbed, archaic writing found on a wide range of papers whose conditions and watermarks suggest age differences of at least to years.
No, I don't know what's become of Pickman, and I don't like to guess.
The embalming compound had worked uncannily well, for as I stared fascinatedly at the sturdy frame which had lain two weeks without stiffening I was moved to seek West's assurance that the thing was really dead.
But it cast a shadow of myself and the cot on the floor, and had a yellowish, penetrating force that hinted at things more potent than luminosity.
The removal of the slab revealed a black aperture, from which rushed an effluence of miasmal gases so nauseous that we started back in horror.
He had protested then, when they had found him, waked him, and carried him home, for just as he was aroused he had been about to sail in a golden galley for those alluring regions where the sea meets the sky.
There were vague statements about disease and concentration camps, and later about dispersal in various naval and military prisons, but nothing positive ever developed.
And as I did so I shuddered.
But though Kalos and Musides dwelt in unbroken harmony, their natures were not alike.
At night the streets and the gardens are lit with gay lanthorns fashioned from the three coloured shell of the tortoise, and here resound the soft notes of the singer and the lutanist.
Gilman's handling of this theme filled everyone with admiration, even though some of his hypothetical illustrations caused an increase in the always plentiful gossip about his nervous and solitary eccentricity.
A certain consistency in the strange papers of his ancestor suggested that the madman's imagination might have been stimulated by native myths.
Sometimes it enters directly into the composition of the events, while sometimes it relates only to their fortuitous position among persons and places.
Over the seas there was a great victory, and in triumph most of the young men returned.
Over the bog was a deluge of flaring light, scarlet and sinister, and pouring from the strange olden ruin on the far islet.
He has never seen Kingsport again, for his family disliked the funny old houses, and complained that the drains were impossibly bad.
Reason, logic, and normal ideas of motivation stood confounded.
I was the only one who came back that night to the old fishing town as legend bade, for only the poor and the lonely remember.
Owing to the abruptness of the change a wire was disconnected, which necessitated a delay of many minutes for repairs; but at length the light streamed on again, flooding the marine valley below me.
Of the cattle, only a quarter could be found and identified.
A paralysis of fear stifled all attempts to cry out.
What seemed to be the main document was headed CTHULHU CULT in characters painstakingly printed to avoid the erroneous reading of a word so unheard of.
In my delirium I had said much, but found that my words had been given scant attention.
Everything he saw was unspeakably menacing and horrible; and whenever one of the organic entities appeared by its motions to be noticing him, he felt a stark, hideous fright which generally jolted him awake.
Fool, he shrieked, can you not guess my secret?
In time the hole grew so large that he ventured to try his body in it now and then, shifting about so that the coffins beneath him rocked and creaked.
For he who passes the gateways always wins a shadow, and never again can he be alone.
Madness rides the star wind . . .
But the autumn wind moaned sad and wan, and we could not be sure.
He was soon disliked even more decidedly than his mother and grandsire, and all conjectures about him were spiced with references to the bygone magic of Old Whateley, and how the hills once shook when he shrieked the dreadful name of Yog Sothoth in the midst of a circle of stones with a great book open in his arms before him.
The only substantial disappointment encountered in this site was that which concerned the prevalence of violent thunderstorms in summer.
Such places have strange properties, and the legacy of insane legend might well have acted on more than one human imagination amidst those dead, stench cursed streets and huddles of rotting roofs and crumbling steeples.
Their social contacts grew fewer and fewer, till at last they took to intermarrying with the numerous menial class about the estate.
But I must try to tell what I thought I saw that night under the mocking yellow moon saw surging and hopping down the Rowley road in plain sight in front of me as I crouched among the wild brambles of that desolate railway cut.
I remember that once a Foreigner, a German, I think, was in our Company; and that whilst Goldsmith was speaking, he observ'd the Doctor preparing to utter something.
He felt that he was needlessly and irrationally retarded in a supremely great work; a work which he could of course conduct to suit himself in later years, but which he wished to begin while still possessed of the exceptional facilities of the university.
The pallid group in the road, still reeling at the indisputably English syllables that had poured thickly and thunderously down from the frantic vacancy beside that shocking altar stone, were never to hear such syllables again.
Welcome did not survive his father, but lived to perish gloriously at Fredericksburg in .
I bent close to catch any articulate words he might utter, and thought I saw a sardonic smile behind the stained, bushy whiskers.
Sir, I reply'd, you are mistaken.
It would be well not to make oneself too conspicuous in such neighbourhoods especially north of the river since the people were sullen and hostile.
Instead, the first thing which caught my eye was a small rowboat pulling in toward the abandoned wharves and laden with some bulky, tarpaulin covered object.
That item, gathered by chance in a haunt of sailors, seemed indeed rather far fetched; since the low, black reef lies a full mile and a half out from Innsmouth Harbour.
It was from Kilderry that his father had come, and it was there that he wished to enjoy his wealth among ancestral scenes.
More clicking, and after a pause a piteous cry from Warren: Beat it For God's sake, put back the slab and beat it, Carter Something in the boyish slang of my evidently stricken companion unleashed my faculties.
On the left the creek threaded countryside was nearer, the narrow road to Ipswich gleaming white in the moonlight.
And it was under a horned waning moon that I saw the city for the first time.
They were the blasphemous fish frogs of the nameless design living and horrible and as I saw them I knew also of what that humped, tiaraed priest in the black church basement had so fearsomely reminded me.
One man with Oriental eyes has said that all time and space are relative, and men have laughed.
D'ye want to skeer yer Aunt Marthy plumb to death?
There were legends of a hidden lake unglimpsed by mortal sight, in which dwelt a huge, formless white polypous thing with luminous eyes; and squatters whispered that bat winged devils flew up out of caverns in inner earth to worship it at midnight.
Not knowing whether I was mad or sane, sleeping or waking, I was saved only by a merciful numbness.
No printing press, but the hand of some half crazed monk, had traced these ominous Latin phrases in uncials of awesome antiquity.
Then suddenly all the stars were blotted from the sky even bright Deneb and Vega ahead, and the lone Altair and Fomalhaut behind us.
The bas relief was a rough rectangle less than an inch thick and about five by six inches in area; obviously of modern origin.
Toward the end of the second hour I feared my quart of whiskey would not be enough to produce results, and was wondering whether I had better leave old Zadok and go back for more.
Neighbouring houses, it must be added, seemed entirely free from the noxious quality.
He heard a lock rattle and bolt shoot, and a long creaking follow as if a heavy door were slowly and cautiously opened.
I thought of those very extreme Innsmouth types said to be hidden in crumbling, centuried warrens near the waterfront.
Only the sombre philosophy of the Decadents could hold us, and this we found potent only by increasing gradually the depth and diabolism of our penetrations.
As the summer drew on he felt dimly that something ought to be done about the lurking terrors of the upper Miskatonic valley, and about the monstrous being known to the human world as Wilbur Whateley.
Blue, green, grey, white, or black; smooth, ruffled, or mountainous; that ocean is not silent.
Perceptions of the most maddeningly untransmissible sort thronged upon us; perceptions of infinity which at the time convulsed us with joy, yet which are now partly lost to my memory and partly incapable of presentation to others.
They were very sparse and insidious at first, but increased in frequency and vividness as the weeks went by.
That we could not understand, for we had patted down the mould very carefully.
I followed the accounts languidly at first, for I am a connoisseur in horrors; but after a week I detected an atmosphere which stirred me oddly, so that on August th, , I registered among the reporters who crowded the hotel at Lefferts Corners, nearest village to Tempest Mountain and acknowledged headquarters of the searchers.
He was living in one of the sheds, and Sawyer thought he seemed unusually worried and tremulous.
It was getting dark, and the ancient roofs and chimney pots outside looked very queer through the bull's eye window panes.
Looking for the youth Vercellius, our guide, we found only a crumpled heap weltering in a pool of blood.
Here, truly, was the apotheosis of the unnamable.
Age has more charity for these incomplete yet high souled characters, whose worst real vice is timidity, and who are ultimately punished by general ridicule for their intellectual sins sins like Ptolemaism, Calvinism, anti Darwinism, anti Nietzscheism, and every sort of Sabbatarianism and sumptuary legislation.
If this were so, I would have to make my retreat across country away from any road; but how could I do that in view of the marshy and creek riddled nature of all the surrounding region?
Many times I walked through that valley, and longer and longer would I pause in the spectral half light where the giant trees squirmed and twisted grotesquely, and the grey ground stretched damply from trunk to trunk, sometimes disclosing the mould stained stones of buried temples.
No one spoke to me, but I could hear the creaking of signs in the wind outside, and the whir of the wheel as the bonneted old woman continued her silent spinning, spinning.
Its size must have been exaggerated, yet the stones lying about proved that it was no mere negro village.
Gross stupidity, falsehood, and muddled thinking are not dream; and form no escape from life to a mind trained above their level.
Wilcox still lived alone in the Fleur de Lys Building in Thomas Street, a hideous Victorian imitation of seventeenth century Breton architecture which flaunts its stuccoed front amidst the lovely colonial houses on the ancient hill, and under the very shadow of the finest Georgian steeple in America.
As the men of Sarnath beheld more of the beings of Ib their hate grew, and it was not less because they found the beings weak, and soft as jelly to the touch of stones and spears and arrows.
Dr. Muñoz I had never heard, save for certain sounds as of some gasoline driven mechanism; since his step was soft and gentle.
Mr. Czanek had never before noticed the colour of that man's eyes; now he saw that they were yellow.
This daemoniac laughter which I hear as I write comes only from my own weakening brain.
As I considered the inevitable end my mind ran over preceding events, and developed a hitherto dormant impression which would have caused a weaker and more superstitious man to shudder.
I was lying with my back to the east window overlooking the bog, where the waning moon would rise, and therefore expected to see light cast on the opposite wall before me; but I had not looked for such a sight as now appeared.
It was a very foolish hysteria, for the boy had often run away before; but Italian peasants are exceedingly superstitious, and this woman seemed as much harassed by omens as by facts.
And later, in still summer rains on the steep roofs of poets, the clouds scatter bits of those dreams, that men shall not live without rumour of old, strange secrets, and wonders that planets tell planets alone in the night.
On an improvised dissecting table in the old farmhouse, by the light of a powerful acetylene lamp, the specimen was not very spectral looking.
The Sefton tragedy they will not connect with West; not that, nor the men with the box, whose existence they deny.
I had seen it from the road's crest when I looked at Kingsport in the new dusk, and it had made me shiver because Aldebaran had seemed to balance itself a moment on the ghostly spire.
No ghostly Keziah flitted through the sombre halls and chambers, no small furry thing crept into his dismal eyrie to nuzzle him, and no record of the witch's incantations rewarded his constant search.
It is to meet and conquer the oppressor that I have vainly striven for aeons, held back by bodily encumbrances.
I asked Esteban either to help with the ice fetching whilst I obtained the pump piston, or to order the piston while I continued with the ice; but instructed by his mother, he absolutely refused.
Up, up, up the eerie columns slithered, and I saw that all the travellers were converging as they flowed near a sort of focus of crazy alleys at the top of a high hill in the centre of the town, where perched a great white church.
Upon my memory was graven the vision of the city, and within my soul had arisen another and vaguer recollection, of whose nature I was not then certain.
That fishing paid less and less as the price of the commodity fell and large scale corporations offered competition, but there was never a dearth of fish around Innsmouth Harbour.
At last came that which I had long feared.
Once he met some friends who remarked how oddly sunburned he looked, but he did not tell them of his walk.
Those who have watched the tall, lean, Terrible Old Man in these peculiar conversations, do not watch him again.
In his glance there is not any restless light, and if he ever listens for solemn bells or far elfin horns it is only at night when old dreams are wandering.
Mostly we held to the theory that we were jointly going mad from our life of unnatural excitements, but sometimes it pleased us more to dramatise ourselves as the victims of some creeping and appalling doom.
And, as I have implied, it was not of the dead man himself that I became afraid.
From even the greatest of horrors irony is seldom absent.
No one, even those who have the facts concerning the recent horror, can say just what is the matter with Dunwich; though old legends speak of unhallowed rites and conclaves of the Indians, amidst which they called forbidden shapes of shadow out of the great rounded hills, and made wild orgiastic prayers that were answered by loud crackings and rumblings from the ground below.
a couple o' weeks later, when nothin' had ben throwed into the sea fer that long. . .
Bolton had a surprisingly good police force for so small a town, and I could not help fearing the mess which would ensue if the affair of the night before were ever tracked down.
Maybe the Innsmouth folks like 'em to look at themselves Gawd knows they've gotten to be about as bad as South Sea cannibals and Guinea savages.
In such surroundings the mind loses its perspective; time and space become trivial and unreal, and echoes of a forgotten prehistoric past beat insistently upon the enthralled consciousness.
What d'ye think o' this ain't never see the like hereabouts, eh?
I closed my eyes to concentrate my thoughts more profoundly, and was rewarded by the positive knowledge that my long sought mental message had come at last.
In the marble streets were marble pillars, the upper parts of which were carven into the images of grave bearded men.
It was from this vessel, indeed, that Pope Leo administered the royal unction which made of the hero nomad a Holy Roman Emperor.
Then I thought of the abandoned railway to Rowley, whose solid line of ballasted, weed grown earth still stretched off to the northwest from the crumbling station on the edge of the river gorge.
The houses were tall, peaked roofed, incredibly old, and crazily leaning backward, forward, and sidewise.
No sane person had even seen it, and few had ever felt it definitely.
Then, as I remained, paralysed with fear, he found his voice and in his dying breath screamed forth those words which have ever afterward haunted my days and my nights.
As Slater grew older, it appeared, his matutinal aberrations had gradually increased in frequency and violence; till about a month before his arrival at the institution had occurred the shocking tragedy which caused his arrest by the authorities.
It is truly a terrible thing, and unmistakably akin to the dream sculpture of young Wilcox.
I seemed to know where I was, but cannot recall what I then knew.
Oh, I kin tell ye, little pitchers hev big ears, an' I wa'n't missin' nothin' o' what was gossiped abaout Cap'n Obed an' the folks aout to the reef Heh, heh, heh Haow abaout the night I took my pa's ship's glass up to the cupalo an' seed the reef a bristlin' thick with shapes that dove off quick soon's the moon riz?
Still too dazed to cry out, he plunged recklessly down the noisome staircase and into the mud outside; halting only when seized and choked by the waiting black man.
The peasants had gone from Kilderry because Denys Barry was to drain the great bog.
His room, one of only two in the steeply pitched garret, was on the west side, toward the high wall that formed the upper end of the street.
Professor Ellery found platinum, iron, and tellurium in the strange alloy; but mixed with these were at least three other apparent elements of high atomic weight which chemistry was absolutely powerless to classify.
Gabinius had, the rumour ran, come upon a cliffside cavern where strange folk met together and made the Elder Sign in the dark; strange folk whom the Britons knew not save in fear, and who were the last to survive from a great land in the west that had sunk, leaving only the islands with the raths and circles and shrines of which Stonehenge was the greatest.
The body must have looked even worse in life but the world holds many ugly things.
The church was scarce lighted by all the lanthorns that had entered it, for most of the throng had already vanished.
One of a large herd of unkempt Mexicans attracted thither from the neighbouring country, he at first commanded attention only because of his features; which though plainly of the Red Indian type, were yet remarkable for their light colour and refined conformation, being vastly unlike those of the average Greaser or Piute of the locality.
Gawd, he gasped, I telled 'em not ter go daown into the glen, an' I never thought nobody'd dew it with them tracks an' that smell an' the whippoorwills a screechin' daown thar in the dark o' noonday. . .
Wait till I tell yer Uncle Chris when he gits hum Ye'd orta know these here woods ain't no fitten place to be traipsin' this hour They's things abroad what dun't do nobody no good, as my gran'sir' knowed afur me.
Friends and companions he shuns, for he wishes to answer no questions.
Wilbur had been shockingly nervous at Cambridge; anxious for the book, yet almost equally anxious to get home again, as if he feared the results of being away long.
At the base of the hill a thirty foot swath of crushed shrubbery saplings led steeply upward, and the seekers gasped when they saw that even the most perpendicular places did not deflect the inexorable trail.
He would often awake calling for his mother and grandfather, both in their graves a quarter of a century.
It was bound in leather with metal fittings, and was in an excellent state of preservation; being altogether an unusual sort of volume to encounter in an abode so lowly.
Don't know, eh? You'll know soon enough Look at me listen to what I say do you suppose there are really any such things as time and magnitude?
They say there is no land of Lomar, save in my nocturnal imaginings; that in those realms where the Pole Star shines high and red Aldebaran crawls low around the horizon, there has been naught save ice and snow for thousands of years, and never a man save squat yellow creatures, blighted by the cold, whom they call Esquimaux.
It was not long before I found that Zann's eagerness for my company was not as great as it had seemed while he was persuading me to move down from the fifth story.
On account of the general alarm and precautions, there were only two more victims, and the capture was effected without major casualties.
Ahead raced the small, kaleidoscopic polyhedron, and all through the churning void there was a heightening and acceleration of the vague tonal pattern which seemed to foreshadow some unutterable and unendurable climax.
Yet when I looked from that highest of all gable windows, looked while the candles sputtered and the insane viol howled with the night wind, I saw no city spread below, and no friendly lights gleaming from remembered streets, but only the blackness of space illimitable; unimagined space alive with motion and music, and having no semblance to anything on earth.
That Crawford Tillinghast should ever have studied science and philosophy was a mistake.
He was curiously unelated over his impending escape, and almost dreaded the exertion, for his form had the indolent stoutness of early middle age.
Of a possible natives who had inhabited this spot, not one living specimen was visible.
Out of the fungus ridden earth steamed up a vaporous corpse light, yellow and diseased, which bubbled and lapped to a gigantic height in vague outlines half human and half monstrous, through which I could see the chimney and fireplace beyond.
The gorilla was off its guard, but not for long, and before anything could be done by the regular trainer the body which had belonged to a baronet was past recognition.
One could not be sure that the sea and the ground were horizontal, hence the relative position of everything else seemed phantasmally variable.
Wait till I ring for coffee.
Just then, however, chance made the opening which my questions had been unable to make; and the wheezing ancient's rambling took a turn that caused me to lean forward and listen alertly.
He vows that I was broken down with nervous strain, and badly in need of the long vacation on full pay which he so generously gave me.
He came back to Jermyn House a widower with an infant son, Alfred, who was one day to be the father of Arthur Jermyn.
Then I half fancied I heard a sound myself; though it was not a horrible sound, but rather an exquisitely low and infinitely distant musical note, suggesting a player in one of the neighbouring houses, or in some abode beyond the lofty wall over which I had never been able to look.
The Marshes, together with the other three gently bred families of the town the Waites, the Gilmans, and the Eliots were all very retiring.
Had the wind suddenly changed eastward, so that it blew in from the sea and over the town?
So each night in sleep I strove to find the hidden latch of the gate in the ivied antique wall, though it was exceedingly well hidden.
It was the Yuletide, that men call Christmas though they know in their hearts it is older than Bethlehem and Babylon, older than Memphis and mankind.
A high bred face of masterful though not arrogant expression was adorned by a short iron grey full beard, and an old fashioned pince nez shielded the full, dark eyes and surmounted an aquiline nose which gave a Moorish touch to a physiognomy otherwise dominantly Celtiberian.
I struck several matches in succession, and desperately regretted the improvidence which had caused us long ago to use up the few candles we carried.
One September day an unexpected glimpse of him induced an epileptic fit in a man who had come to repair his electric desk lamp; a fit for which he prescribed effectively whilst keeping himself well out of sight.
I said to myself, This is no dream, for by what means can I prove the greater reality of that other life in the house of stone and brick south of the sinister swamp and the cemetery on the low hillock, where the Pole Star peers into my north window each night?
There were no widespread tales of rattling chains, cold currents of air, extinguished lights, or faces at the window.
The poison was not having much effect, for scratchings and scurryings in the walls were virtually undiminished.
I admired his clearness and persistence, and added some further revelations I had collected among the old people.
As the hour for its arrival drew near I noticed a general drift of the loungers to other places up the street, or to the Ideal Lunch across the square.
Throughout the siege of Rome he served bravely in the army of the defenders, and afterward followed the eagles of Belisarius to Alba, Porto, and Centumcellae.
He knows where They have trod earth's fields, and where They still tread them, and why no one can behold Them as They tread.
But after all, the attic was not the most terrible part of the house.
What was really beyond dispute is that a frightful proportion of persons died there; or more accurately, had died there, since after some peculiar happenings over sixty years ago the building had become deserted through the sheer impossibility of renting it.
In this kaleidoscopic vortex of phantasmal images were occasional snapshots, if one might use the term, of singular clearness but unaccountable heterogeneity.
The Scream of the Dead The scream of a dead man gave to me that acute and added horror of Dr. Herbert West which harassed the latter years of our companionship.
Reticence such as this is seldom without a cause, nor indeed was ours; for our requirements were those resulting from a life work distinctly unpopular.
The Roulets, it seemed, had come in from East Greenwich, down the west shore of Narragansett Bay.
He looked in every corner for brownish drops or stains, but did not find any.
There had, however, been a riot of some sort later on perhaps forty years later, after old Roulet's death and no one seemed to hear of the family after that.
Having crossed to the western sidewalk I rounded the nearest corner into Bates Street, where I kept close to the buildings on the southern side.
Muffled sounds of possible vocal origin approached, and at length a firm knock came at my outer door.
This I felt was the clue, and again I looked at the floor before the fireplace where the mould and nitre had taken strange forms.
Again I shivered, for I did not like the things that the night had brought, and wished bitterly that no forefather had summoned me to this primal rite.
Ol' Cap'n Obed done it him that faound aout more'n was good fer him in the Saouth Sea islands.
Half gliding, half floating in the air, the white clad bog wraiths were slowly retreating toward the still waters and the island ruin in fantastic formations suggesting some ancient and solemn ceremonial dance.
Here he faltered, and seemed to shiver afresh with the fright that had sent him flying home.
Gawd almighty, the grass an' bushes is a movin' It's a goin' up slow like creepin' up ter the top this minute, heaven only knows what fur Then the germ of panic seemed to spread among the seekers.
It had evidently impressed the whole countryside more than a little, for mention was made of specimens in the museum of Miskatonic University at Arkham, and in the display room of the Newburyport Historical Society.
For the door and windows of the undersea temple hewn from the rocky hill were vividly aglow with a flickering radiance, as from a mighty altar flame far within.
Crossing the threshold into that swarming temple of unknown darkness, I turned once to look at the outside world as the churchyard phosphorescence cast a sickly glow on the hill top pavement.
I say, when they git ready . . .
In his dream delirium Gilman heard the hellish, alien rhythmed chant of the Sabbat coming from an infinite distance, and knew the black man must be there.
It had done a deed, but the squatters had fired the cabin in frenzy before it could escape.
On reflection, he was glad he had not consulted the still more inquisitive college doctor.
Yet could no act be performed to check the impending cataclysm; for the swart, sinister men were old in cunning.
Unconsciously looking upon Goldsmith as a meer Encumbrance when compar'd to the greater Man, the Foreigner bluntly interrupted him and incurr'd his lasting Hostility by crying, Hush, Toctor Shonson iss going to speak In this luminous Company I was tolerated more because of my Years than for my Wit or Learning; being no Match at all for the rest.
This impression was confirmed by my uncle's less systematic array of miscellaneous data legends transcribed from servant gossip, cuttings from the papers, copies of death certificates by fellow physicians, and the like.
Louis, son to Robert, was found drowned in the moat at the same fateful age, and thus down through the centuries ran the ominous chronicle; Henris, Roberts, Antoines, and Armands snatched from happy and virtuous lives when little below the age of their unfortunate ancestor at his murder.
His thinking processes, once so phlegmatic and logical, had become ineffaceably scarred; and it was pitiful to note his response to certain chance allusions such as Friday, tomb, coffin, and words of less obvious concatenation.
In the cell with us was one nurse, a mediocre fellow who did not understand the purpose of the apparatus, or think to inquire into my course.
At night, as of yore, Musides sought the banquet halls of Tegea whilst Kalos wandered alone in the olive grove.
Strange and terrible books were drawn voluminously from the stack shelves and from secure places of storage; and diagrams and formulae were copied with feverish haste and in bewildering abundance.
And the gates of Sarnath were as many as the landward ends of the streets, each of bronze, and flanked by the figures of lions and elephants carven from some stone no longer known among men.
As we clanked over the bridge I looked out on both sides and observed some factory buildings on the edge of the grassy bluff or part way down.
There were suggestions of the vague, twilight abysses, and of still vaster, blacker abysses beyond them abysses in which all fixed suggestions of form were absent.
And when they were come into the town they found rose wreathed revellers bound from house to house and leaning from windows and balconies, who listened to the songs of Iranon and tossed him flowers and applauded when he was done.
As the Comte and his associates turned away from the lowly abode of the alchemists, the form of Charles Le Sorcier appeared through the trees.
Then unexpectedly my hands came upon a doorway, where hung a portal of stone, rough with strange chiselling.
He saw that his electric flashlight was in working order.
His ears were ringing horribly, as if with the residual echoes of some horrible noise heard in dreams.
I had been living in many poor places, always evicted for want of money; until at last I came upon that tottering house in the Rue d'Auseil, kept by the paralytic Blandot.
The strange stone house on the woodland slope was to me only a source of interest and speculation; and its cold, damp interior, into which I vainly peered through the aperture so tantalisingly left, contained for me no hint of death or decay.
Mr. Goldsmith, a little Man very vain of his Dress and very deficient in Brilliancy of Conversation, was my particular Favourite; since I was equally unable to shine in the Discourse.
That night everyone went home, and every house and barn was barricaded as stoutly as possible.
My knock was answered in good English by a curious voice some distance to the right, asking my name and business; and these things being stated, there came an opening of the door next to the one I had sought.
When selecting the hill and building his mansion, Mynheer Martense had laid these frequent natural outbursts to some peculiarity of the year; but in time he perceived that the locality was especially liable to such phenomena.
The alienists listened with keen attention to his words, since their curiosity had been aroused to a high pitch by the suggestive yet mostly conflicting and incoherent stories of his family and neighbours.
They must have fixed up some awful scare for that fellow.
The frigidity of the apartment was now sensibly diminishing, and at about a.m. the doctor retired to the bathroom, commanding me to keep him supplied with all the ice I could obtain at all night drug stores and cafeterias.
And I saw the world battling against blackness; against the waves of destruction from ultimate space; whirling, churning; struggling around the dimming, cooling sun.
Then the trail led to the couch and ended unutterably.
I have, as you are aware, been much in India.
Calm, lasting beauty comes only in dream, and this solace the world had thrown away when in its worship of the real it threw away the secrets of childhood and innocence.
Though the rapid drop of the monster had been seen, no one could say just what the creature was like; those who had glimpsed it called it simply a devil.
But don't get the idea that it was all this hideous business of theme and setting which struck me faint.
I was no longer a young man, though but twenty one winters had chilled my bodily frame.
His dreams were meanwhile increasing in vividness, and though shewing him none of the strange cities and incredible gardens of the old days, were assuming a definite cast whose purpose could not be mistaken.
The grocery boy had prepared me for it, yet the reality left me none the less bewildered and disturbed.
At last the spring thaw came, and graves were laboriously prepared for the nine silent harvests of the grim reaper which waited in the tomb.
And it was very odd that shingles so worm eaten could survive, or bricks so crumbled still form a standing chimney.
Slightly later, when a change and a gentle tremor seemed to affect the dead limbs, West stuffed a pillow like object violently over the twitching face, not withdrawing it until the corpse appeared quiet and ready for our attempt at reanimation.
Ghastly as our prize appeared, it was wholly unresponsive to every solution we injected in its black arm; solutions prepared from experience with white specimens only.
Armitage, with Rice and Morgan, started to walk in the direction indicated; and most of the natives followed slowly.
Two hundred years and more they have leaned or squatted there, while the vines have crawled and the trees have swelled and spread.
When exceptions did occur, they were mostly persons with no trace of aberrancy, like the old clerk at the hotel.
Plainly visible across the intervening water on account of their enormous size, were an array of bas reliefs whose subjects would have excited the envy of a Doré.
Here likewise a rambling letter to the editor of a paper in South America, where a fanatic deduces a dire future from visions he has seen.
It was he who wisely advised the burgesses of Ulthar when they passed their remarkable law against the slaying of cats, and who first told the young priest Atal where it is that black cats go at midnight on St. John's Eve.
I knew in that second all that had been; I remembered beyond the frightful castle and the trees, and recognised the altered edifice in which I now stood; I recognised, most terrible of all, the unholy abomination that stood leering before me as I withdrew my sullied fingers from its own.
I went so far as to talk casually to Barry on the subject, but did not dare continue after he gave his resounding laugh.
That morning and afternoon I wandered alone through the sun gilded village and talked now and then with idle labourers, for Barry was busy with the final plans for beginning his work of drainage.
Half unconscious, I opened the grating and staggered out upon the white gravel path that stretched away in two directions.
But he remembered it again when he walked down a white path toward a red roofed pagoda, and would have questioned the people of that land about it, had he not found that there were no people there, but only birds and bees and butterflies.
Then he would have recourse to the polite laughter they had taught him to use against the extravagance and artificiality of dreams; for he saw that the daily life of our world is every inch as extravagant and artificial, and far less worthy of respect because of its poverty in beauty and its silly reluctance to admit its own lack of reason and purpose.
It was labelled as of probable East Indian or Indo Chinese provenance, though the attribution was frankly tentative.
I have seen Stethelos that is below the great cataract, and have gazed on the marsh where Sarnath once stood.
De Langlade regarded this sacred object with proper veneration and ransomed it at the expense of many glass beads; yet after his time it found itself in many other hands, being traded to settlements at the head of Lake Winnebago, to tribes around Lake Mendota, and finally, early in the nineteenth century, to one Solomon Juneau, a Frenchman, at the new trading post of Milwaukee on the Menominee River and the shore of Lake Michigan.
It is not dream it is not, I fear, even madness for too much has already happened to give me these merciful doubts.
No sooner had the venerable practitioner saved his colleague than he himself succumbed to the grim enemy he had fought.
The city below stretched away to the limits of vision, and he hoped that no sound would well up from it.
But then the blow fell.
Without his hat he took on an aspect of extreme age which was scarcely visible before, and I wondered if this unperceived mark of singular longevity were not one of the sources of my original disquiet.
Again I strained to catch his whispers.
Foreigners and credulous grandmothers are equally garrulous about the modern nickel crucifix with broken chain mixed in the rubbish and shiveringly identified by Joe Mazurewicz as that which he had given poor Gilman many years before.
Upon my twenty first birthday, the aged Pierre gave to me a family document which he said had for many generations been handed down from father to son, and continued by each possessor.
The sun was blazing down from a sky which seemed to me almost black in its cloudless cruelty; as though reflecting the inky marsh beneath my feet.
Results, I am certain, are so thorough that no public harm save a shock of repulsion could ever accrue from a hinting of what was found by those horrified raiders at Innsmouth.
But that evening two items in the paper, wholly unrelated, made it again impossible for us to sleep.
The fire of madness died from his eyes, and in dull wonder he looked at his questioners and asked why he was bound.
Folks aoutside hev their stories abaout us s'pose you've heerd a plenty on 'em, seein' what questions ye ast stories abaout things they've seed naow an' then, an' abaout that queer joolry as still comes in from somewhars an' ain't quite all melted up but nothin' never gits def'nite.
This is what I saw in the glass: A thin, dark man of medium stature attired in the clerical garb of the Anglican church, apparently about thirty, and with rimless, steel bowed glasses glistening beneath a sallow, olive forehead of abnormal height.
No recognised school of sculpture had animated this terrible object, yet centuries and even thousands of years seemed recorded in its dim and greenish surface of unplaceable stone.
It might be in the visible world, yet it might be only in his mind and soul.
Between then and the next January we secured three more; one total failure, one case of marked muscular motion, and one rather shivery thing it rose of itself and uttered a sound.
I had been, albeit without definite reason, instinctively on my guard and that was to my advantage in the new and real crisis, whatever it might turn out to be.
Mr. Garrick obtain'd Admittance only with Difficulty; for the Doctor, notwithstanding his great Friendship, was for ever affecting to decry the Stage and all Things connected with it.
As we descended the shaft, the sound beneath grew definitely composite.
That some hideous animal must be the cause, everyone quickly agreed; nor did any tongue now revive the charge that such cryptic deaths formed merely the sordid murders common in decadent communities.
Nothing can be put back now.
Even now They talked in Their tombs.
The head had been removed, so that the possibilities of quasi intelligent life in the trunk might be investigated.
Barring the door after us against the fury of the wind and rain, we put in place the crude window shutter which our frequent searches had taught us where to find.
By the fourth evening I attained the base of the mound, which turned out to be much higher than it had appeared from a distance; an intervening valley setting it out in sharper relief from the general surface.
The whippoorwills were piping wildly, and in a singularly curious irregular rhythm quite unlike that of the visible ritual.
I was a little dazed by this coincidence, but did not become terrified.
Sailing for London, I reëmbarked at once for the Norwegian capital; and one autumn day landed at the trim wharves in the shadow of the Egeberg.
These figures were seldom completely human, but often approached humanity in varying degree.
Here have another drink I need one anyhow There's no use in my trying to tell you what they were like, because the awful, the blasphemous horror, and the unbelievable loathsomeness and moral foetor came from simple touches quite beyond the power of words to classify.
I saw the heavens verminous with strange flying things, and beneath them a hellish black city of giant stone terraces with impious pyramids flung savagely to the moon, and devil lights burning from unnumbered windows.
They imply that I am a madman or a murderer probably I am mad.
Just before he made the plunge the violet light went out and left him in utter blackness.
Looking up at the house from outside, he had thought at first that Gilman's window was dark; but then he had seen the faint violet glow within.
Mr. Hoadley disappeared soon after delivering this sermon; but the text, printed in Springfield, is still extant.
Then, slowly advancing to meet the Comte, he pronounced in dull yet terrible accents the curse that ever afterward haunted the house of C .
Killin' sheep was kinder more fun but d'ye know, 'twan't quite satisfyin'.
One need not describe the kind and rate of shrinkage and disintegration that occurred before the eyes of Dr. Armitage and Professor Rice; but it is permissible to say that, aside from the external appearance of face and hands, the really human element in Wilbur Whateley must have been very small.
He saw that most of them, in common with their cast off priestcraft, could not escape from the delusion that life has a meaning apart from that which men dream into it; and could not lay aside the crude notion of ethics and obligations beyond those of beauty, even when all Nature shrieked of its unconsciousness and impersonal unmorality in the light of their scientific discoveries.
When at last I awaked, it was to discover myself half sucked into a slimy expanse of hellish black mire which extended about me in monotonous undulations as far as I could see, and in which my boat lay grounded some distance away.
Many of his questions seemed highly out of place to his visitor, especially those which tried to connect the latter with strange cults or societies; and Wilcox could not understand the repeated promises of silence which he was offered in exchange for an admission of membership in some widespread mystical or paganly religious body.
Others, guided by this manuscript if it shall ever be found, must unfold the mysteries at which I can only hint.
The press cuttings, as I have intimated, touched on cases of panic, mania, and eccentricity during the given period.
My speech, always susceptible to environmental influences, was the first thing to succumb to the change; and my suddenly acquired archaism of diction was soon remarked upon.
There the scions of a conquering race indeed flourished free from the restrictions of their fellows, but cowered in an appalling slavery to the dismal phantasms of their own minds.
Close by my home there lies a singular wooded hollow, in whose twilight deeps I spent most of my time; reading, thinking, and dreaming.
Corona Borealis, which my friend had appeared to dread, and whose scintillant semicircle of stars must even now be glowing unseen through the measureless abysses of aether.
The squatters there, mostly primitive but good natured descendants of Lafitte's men, were in the grip of stark terror from an unknown thing which had stolen upon them in the night.
How such a sound could have been heard in the last few hours without arousing all the Miskatonic Valley was more than the honest physician could say.
It would have been blasphemous to leave such bones in the world, so I went back with a sack and took them to the tomb behind the house.
The legend here seemed to present three variants.
Early risers on the th noticed a peculiar stench in the air.
But foremost among the weird fancies, and alone in its absolute unanimity, was that of the curse awaiting him who should dare to touch or drain the vast reddish morass.
Much of my time was now occupied in the exploration of the ruined and abandoned halls and towers of the old chateau, which in youth fear had caused me to shun, and some of which, old Pierre had once told me, had not been trodden by human foot for over four centuries.
After a number of calculations West decided that it represented some secret chamber beneath the tomb of the Averills, where the last interment had been made in .
Odd wounds or sores, having something of the aspect of incisions, seemed to afflict the visible cattle; and once or twice during the earlier months certain callers fancied they could discern similar sores about the throats of the grey, unshaven old man and his slatternly, crinkly haired albino daughter.
From its machicolated parapets and mounted battlements Barons, Counts, and even Kings had been defied, yet never had its spacious halls resounded to the footsteps of the invader.
There had been servants Ann White especially who would not use the cellar kitchen, and at least three well defined legends bore upon the queer quasi human or diabolic outlines assumed by tree roots and patches of mould in that region.
He was again in the cramped, violet litten peaked space with the slanting floor, the low cases of ancient books, the bench and table, the queer objects, and the triangular gulf at one side.
The shadow I had seen, I hardly dared to analyse or identify.
In , when a scholarly correspondent from Miskatonic University called upon him one day and departed pale and puzzled, he was fully six and three quarters feet tall.
I heard the phial break harmlessly against the stones of the passage as the tunic of the strange man caught fire and lit the horrid scene with a ghastly radiance.
The small object on the table fascinated me intensely.
Wilbur was never subsequently seen alive and conscious without complete and tightly buttoned attire, the disarrangement or threatened disarrangement of which always seemed to fill him with anger and alarm.
That flopping or pattering was monstrous I could not look upon the degenerate creatures responsible for it.
The alienists soon agreed that abnormal dreams were the foundation of the trouble; dreams whose vividness could for a time completely dominate the waking mind of this basically inferior man.
Reluctantly he continued up to his garret room and sat down in the dark.
The reception of his request seems to have been varied; but he must, at the very least, have received more responses than any ordinary man could have handled without a secretary.
Early in August the half expected outcome developed, and in the small hours of the d Dr. Armitage was awakened suddenly by the wild, fierce cries of the savage watchdog on the college campus.
The odour arising from the newly opened depths was intolerable, and at length the quick eared Hawkins thought he heard a nasty, slopping sound down there.
I should not call that sound a voice, for it was too awful.
Awestruck at this unexpected glimpse into a past beyond the conception of the most daring anthropologist, I stood musing whilst the moon cast queer reflections on the silent channel before me.
And yet the men in olive drab will always remember that night, and will speak of The Street as they tell of it to their grandchildren; for many of them were sent there toward morning on a mission unlike that which they had expected.
This text, as given, ran something like this: In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
The living man was clutching a horrible stone idol of unknown origin, about a foot in height, regarding whose nature authorities at Sydney University, the Royal Society, and the Museum in College Street all profess complete bafflement, and which the survivor says he found in the cabin of the yacht, in a small carved shrine of common pattern.
Our lonely house was seemingly alive with the presence of some malign being whose nature we could not guess, and every night that daemoniac baying rolled over the windswept moor, always louder and louder.
Our quest for novel scenes and piquant conditions was feverish and insatiate St. John was always the leader, and he it was who led the way at last to that mocking, that accursed spot which brought us our hideous and inevitable doom.
Their arrangement was odd, and seemed to follow the symmetries of some cosmic geometry unknown to earth or the solar system.
What do moderns know of life and the forces behind it?
The west of Ireland, too, is full of wild rumour and legendry, and a fantastic painter named Ardois Bonnot hangs a blasphemous Dream Landscape in the Paris spring salon of .
But now Zadok was shaking me, and I turned back to watch the melting of that fear frozen face into a chaos of twitching eyelids and mumbling gums.
These things should be left to the frigid and impersonal investigator, for they offer two equally tragic alternatives to the man of feeling and action; despair if he fail in his quest, and terrors unutterable and unimaginable if he succeed.
This he would sometimes draw from his tattered pocket, carefully unwrap from its covering of tissue paper, and gaze upon for hours with an expression of ineffable sadness and tenderness.
They lived in immense houses along Washington Street, and several were reputed to harbour in concealment certain living kinsfolk whose personal aspect forbade public view, and whose deaths had been reported and recorded.
Wal, Sir, it seems by the time Obed knowed them islanders they was all full o' fish blood from them deep water things.
That glimpse, like all dread glimpses of truth, flashed out from an accidental piecing together of separated things in this case an old newspaper item and the notes of a dead professor.
Now, in my intense desire to probe into the dream life of Joe Slater, I sought these instruments again; and spent several days in repairing them for action.
The ice desert of the South and the sunken isles of Ocean hold stones whereon Their seal is engraven, but who hath seen the deep frozen city or the sealed tower long garlanded with seaweed and barnacles?
And the bird of heaven flew before, and led us toward the basalt pillars of the West, but this time the oarsmen sang no soft songs under the full moon.
In June, , a letter arrived from M. Verhaeren, telling of the finding of the stuffed goddess.
You call the Salem witchcraft a delusion, but I'll wage my four times great grandmother could have told you things.
The ground gets higher, and the brier bordered stone walls press closer and closer against the ruts of the dusty, curving road.
His habitual expression was one of kindly and well bred calm, whereas now a variety of emotions seemed struggling within him.
In the centre yawns a great open door, reached by an impressive flight of steps, and surrounded by exquisite carvings like the figures of Bacchanals in relief.
My father seemed to notice it, too, for he began looking at me curiously and almost affrightedly.
With Mr. Addison and Dr. Swift I later became very well acquainted, and was an even more familiar Friend to Mr. Pope, whom I knew and respected till the Day of his Death.
A touch of colour came to cheeks hitherto chalk white, and spread out under the curiously ample stubble of sandy beard.
In the end he give him a funny kind o' thingumajig made aout o' lead or something, that he said ud bring up the fish things from any place in the water whar they might be a nest of 'em.
Above these apparent hieroglyphics was a figure of evidently pictorial intent, though its impressionistic execution forbade a very clear idea of its nature.
One March night, however, we unexpectedly obtained a specimen which did not come from the potter's field.
Afterward I waited in the black hallway, shivering with cold and fear, till I heard the poor musician's feeble effort to rise from the floor by the aid of a chair.
Gradually I came to wonder what might be my place in that city on the strange plateau betwixt strange peaks.
Mine were an old people, and were old even when this land was settled three hundred years before.
Some extensive cave in had obliterated all trace of the underground passage, while the rain had washed so much earth back into the excavation that I could not tell how deeply I had dug that other day.
The clatter at the northerly connecting door was now terrific, and I saw that the weak panelling was beginning to splinter.
Just what Crawford Tillinghast now wished of me I could only guess, but that he had some stupendous secret or discovery to impart, I could not doubt.
He bent toward me, took hold of my coat lapel, and hissed out some hints that could not be mistaken.
One eye was blue, the other brown.
Certainly, it had much to do with something in the book which Warren carried with him that ancient book in undecipherable characters which had come to him from India a month before but I swear I do not know what it was that we expected to find.
Folks see his three darters a wearin' gold like things as nobody'd never see on 'em afore, an' smoke started comin' aout o' the refin'ry chimbly.
But he was unmoved, and cried: If I am mad, it is mercy May the gods pity the man who in his callousness can remain sane to the hideous end Come and be mad whilst he still calls with mercy This outburst seemed to relieve a pressure in his brain; for as he finished he grew much milder, asking me to let him depart alone if I would not accompany him.
Let them prosecute and persecute above ground things went on every day that they couldn't reach, and voices laughed at night that they couldn't place Why, man, out of ten surviving houses built before and not moved since I'll wager that in eight I can shew you something queer in the cellar.
I was pouring something from one test tube to another, and West was busy over the alcohol blast lamp which had to answer for a Bunsen burner in this gasless edifice, when from the pitch black room we had left there burst the most appalling and daemoniac succession of cries that either of us had ever heard.
If they all came from the same object it must have been an hysterical, delirious monstrosity.
Strange and awesome were many of the objects I encountered.
Detailed description would be rather unpleasant, but two salient particulars must be told, for they fit in revoltingly with certain notes of Sir Wade Jermyn's African expeditions and with the Congolese legends of the white god and the ape princess.
I tell you, you can't imagine what the thing is really like But I promise to keep you informed over the telephone of every move you see I've enough wire here to reach to the centre of the earth and back I can still hear, in memory, those coolly spoken words; and I can still remember my remonstrances.
Armitage, half ready to tell him he might make a copy of what parts he needed, thought suddenly of the possible consequences and checked himself.
When night came again the barricading was repeated, though there was less huddling together of families.
What I learned and saw in those hours of impious exploration can never be told for want of symbols or suggestions in any language.
I have said that I dwelt apart from the visible world, but I have not said that I dwelt alone.
They darted almost noiselessly through the underbrush, and the astonished watcher seemed to think they were entirely unclothed.
But save for his face, Romero was not in any way suggestive of nobility.
The pavement from which he easily raised himself was of a veined, polished stone beyond his power to identify, and the tiles were cut in bizarre angled shapes which struck him as less asymmetrical than based on some unearthly symmetry whose laws he could not comprehend.
Often at night Iranon sang to the revellers, but he was always as before, crowned only with the vine of the mountains and remembering the marble streets of Aira and the hyaline Nithra.
My father secured me a place in an insurance office, and I buried myself in routine as deeply as possible.
For centuries its lofty battlements have frowned down upon the wild and rugged countryside about, serving as a home and stronghold for the proud house whose honoured line is older even than the moss grown castle walls.
To seek to describe it were useless for it was such that no description is possible.
An' that ain't the wust, nuther.
I calc'late her man is as good a husban' as ye kin find this side of Aylesbury; an' ef ye knowed as much abaout the hills as I dew, ye wouldn't ast no better church weddin' nor her'n.
It was then that he began that rambling tale which suddenly played upon a sleeping memory and won the fevered interest of my uncle.
But as I stood in the tower's topmost chamber, I beheld the horned waning moon, red and sinister, quivering through the vapours that hovered over the distant valley of Banof.
It is only the inferior thinker who hastens to explain the singular and the complex by the primitive short cut of supernaturalism.
Leaning my cycle against the wall I opened the door at the left, and crossed into a small low ceiled chamber but dimly lighted by its two dusty windows and furnished in the barest and most primitive possible way.
Looking about, I saw that the ceiling was wet and dripping; the soaking apparently proceeding from a corner on the side toward the street.
Now and then, beneath the brown pall of leaves that rotted and festered in the antediluvian forest darkness, I could trace the sinister outlines of some of those low mounds which characterised the lightning pierced region.
Over hidden wires strange messages travelled, and much was said of still stranger messages yet to travel; but most of this was not guessed till afterward,when the Western Land was safe from the peril.
I'm not a three year old kid, and I'd seen much like this before.
Dun't know haow his poor wife kin feel she come from Ipswich, an' they nigh lynched Barnabas when he courted her fifty odd year' ago.
It had escaped even the cutting bureau which had at the time of its issuance been avidly collecting material for my uncle's research.
The door on the north was hung to open away from me, and this though a test proved it to be locked or bolted from the other side I knew must be my route.
With five feeble senses we pretend to comprehend the boundlessly complex cosmos, yet other beings with a wider, stronger, or different range of senses might not only see very differently the things we see, but might see and study whole worlds of matter, energy, and life which lie close at hand yet can never be detected with the senses we have.
It was my last link with a chapter of life forever closed, and I valued it highly.
He had turned restlessly on the cot several times during the latter half of the first hour, but now he was breathing with unusual irregularity, occasionally heaving a sigh which held more than a few of the qualities of a choking moan.
Some few of the legionarii shewed timidity, but sharp commands brought them into line, and the whole cohort was soon drawn up on the open plain east of the circus.
An old servant forced the carven lid, shaking as he did so at the hideous faces leering from the blackened wood, and at some unplaced familiarity.
Bennett was asleep, having apparently felt the same anomalous drowsiness which affected me, so I designated Tobey for the next watch although even he was nodding.
I followed the gaze of one very fat and ugly frog, and saw the second of the things which drove my senses away.
I was West's closest friend and only confidential assistant.
They were his pictures, you know the ones he couldn't paint or even shew in Newbury Street and he was right when he said he had let himself go.
And Pickman had it as no man ever had it before or I hope to heaven ever will again.
As I fled from that accursed castle along the bog's edge I heard a new sound; common, yet unlike any I had heard before at Kilderry.
Obviously, the besiegers had brought some ponderous object into play as a battering ram.
The shrieking, roaring confusion of sound which permeated the abysses was past all analysis as to pitch, timbre, or rhythm; but seemed to be synchronous with vague visual changes in all the indefinite objects, organic and inorganic alike.
In that palace there were also many galleries, and many amphitheatres where lions and men and elephants battled at the pleasure of the kings.
But when he looked, he did not see what he had expected; for his colleagues were not there at all, but only the Terrible Old Man leaning quietly on his knotted cane and smiling hideously.
The bolt fitted perfectly, and I was somewhat relieved when I knew that I could shoot it firmly upon retiring.
I hate those Innsmouth folks myself, and I wouldn't care to go to their town.
In my childhood the shunned house was vacant, with barren, gnarled, and terrible old trees, long, queerly pale grass, and nightmarishly misshapen weeds in the high terraced yard where birds never lingered.
I am Romnod, and born of the blood of Teloth, but am not old in the ways of the granite city, and yearn daily for the warm groves and the distant lands of beauty and song.
Then there came a subdued sort of clatter which somehow set me all in gooseflesh a furtive, groping kind of clatter, though I can't attempt to convey what I mean in words.
There had been aeons when other Things ruled on the earth, and They had had great cities.
Some chicken leered a drunken man as he viewed the beautiful face, but those who were sober did not leer, looking with respect and abashment at the delicate and spiritual features.
Had my obvious sightseeing, with its frequent map consultations, aroused unfavourable notice?
That night as Gilman slept the violet light broke upon him with heightened intensity, and the old witch and small furry thing getting closer than ever before mocked him with inhuman squeals and devilish gestures.
Its trees were all gone now, and its rose gardens were displaced by the backs of cheap, ugly new buildings on parallel streets.
The Elmer Fryes had been erased from Dunwich.
But the villagers did not discuss such things with the old man and his wife; because of the habitual expression on the withered faces of the two, and because their cottage was so small and so darkly hidden under spreading oaks at the back of a neglected yard.
It was the publicity attending this investigation which set reporters on the track of the Whateleys, and caused the Boston Globe and Arkham Advertiser to print flamboyant Sunday stories of young Wilbur's precociousness, Old Whateley's black magic, the shelves of strange books, the sealed second story of the ancient farmhouse, and the weirdness of the whole region and its hill noises.
He was ready, I think, to see proof of his increasingly strong opinion that consciousness, reason, and personality can exist independently of the brain that man has no central connective spirit, but is merely a machine of nervous matter, each section more or less complete in itself.
There he worked like a butcher in the midst of his gory wares I could never get used to the levity with which he handled and classified certain things.
The next January gossips were mildly interested in the fact that Lavinny's black brat had commenced to talk, and at the age of only eleven months.
The pale enthusiast now applied some last perfunctory tests for absolute lifelessness, withdrew satisfied, and finally injected into the left arm an accurately measured amount of the vital elixir, prepared during the afternoon with a greater care than we had used since college days, when our feats were new and groping.
To destroy a vampire one must, the grandmothers say, exhume it and burn its heart, or at least drive a stake through that organ; and Ann's dogged insistence on a search under the cellar had been prominent in bringing about her discharge.
Sometimes their scratching seemed not only furtive but deliberate.
Some odd nervous affliction had me in its grip, and I found myself at times almost unable to shut my eyes.
The moans of the sick men were decidedly annoying; but since they did not appear to demoralise the rest of the crew, we did not resort to extreme measures.
This matter of the spectral piping harassed me greatly, and I wondered if the crickets of autumn had come before their time to vex the night and haunt the visions of men.
Nor did they like the strange sculptures upon the grey monoliths of Ib, for those sculptures were terrible with great antiquity.
Extinguishing all lights, we proceeded to the door and threw it suddenly open; whereupon we felt an unaccountable rush of air, and heard as if receding far away a queer combination of rustling, tittering, and articulate chatter.
Mercy should have known better than to hire anyone from the Nooseneck Hill country, for that remote bit of backwoods was then, as now, a seat of the most uncomfortable superstitions.
It was an odd scene, and because I was strange to New England I had never known its like before.
Thereafter I heard Zann every night, and although he kept me awake, I was haunted by the weirdness of his music.
These things were bad enough, and these were all that gained belief among the persons whom I knew.
What the others were in their own dimensional sphere or spheres he dared not try to think.
So when I learned of the drug which would unlock the gate and drive me through, I resolved to take it when next I awaked.
And in the Stygian grotto I saw them do the rite, and adore the sick pillar of flame, and throw into the water handfuls gouged out of the viscous vegetation which glittered green in the chlorotic glare.
What this meant, no one could quite be certain till later.
Besides, they really knew very little; for wide salt marshes, desolate and unpeopled, keep neighbours off from Innsmouth on the landward side.
All in Teloth must toil, replied the archon, for that is the law.
And when tales fly thick in the grottoes of tritons, and conches in seaweed cities blow wild tunes learned from the Elder Ones, then great eager vapours flock to heaven laden with lore; and Kingsport, nestling uneasy on its lesser cliffs below that awesome hanging sentinel of rock, sees oceanward only a mystic whiteness, as if the cliff's rim were the rim of all earth, and the solemn bells of the buoys tolled free in the aether of faery.
There are things about which it is better not to speculate, and all that I can say is that I hate the smell of ammonia, and grow faint at a draught of unusually cool air.
The lips, too, seemed unusual; being tightly compressed, as if by the force of a stronger character than had been Slater's.
What was it that had enmeshed him?
My first impulse on awaking was to communicate all my fears and observations to Denys Barry, but as I saw the sunlight glowing through the latticed east window I became sure that there was no reality in what I thought I had seen.
It happened once before, but the man got frightened and shot himself.
Armitage, he said, I calc'late I've got to take that book home.
For as it was still echoing, I heard a creaking sound through the pitchy blackness, and knew that a lattice window was opening in that accursed old house beside us.
As to the nature of our studies must I say again that I no longer retain full comprehension?
As the weeks passed, the playing grew wilder, whilst the old musician acquired an increasing haggardness and furtiveness pitiful to behold.
He did not laugh as I paused, but asked quite seriously about the boy who went mad in , and who had presumably been the hero of my fiction.
They were alive with a teeming horde of shapes swimming inward toward the town; and even at my vast distance and in my single moment of perception I could tell that the bobbing heads and flailing arms were alien and aberrant in a way scarcely to be expressed or consciously formulated.
He had been taken there by the bubble congeries and the little polyhedron which always dogged him; but they, like himself, had changed to wisps of milky, barely luminous mist in this farther void of ultimate blackness.
Then hoary Nodens reached forth a wizened hand and helped Olney and his host into the vast shell, whereat the conches and the gongs set up a wild and awesome clamour.
Talks with several students of archaic lore in Boston, and letters to many others elsewhere, gave him a growing amazement which passed slowly through varied degrees of alarm to a state of really acute spiritual fear.
There was much more than I could remember, but even what I did remember each morning would be enough to stamp me as a madman or a genius if ever I dared write it down.
Wal, it's this it ain't what them fish devils hez done, but what they're a goin' to do They're a bringin' things up aout o' whar they come from into the taown ben doin' it fer years, an' slackenin' up lately.
They have come to form a race by themselves, with the well defined mental and physical stigmata of degeneracy and inbreeding.
He paused exhausted, as the whole group of natives stared in a bewilderment not quite crystallised into fresh terror.
The more he withdrew from the world about him, the more wonderful became his dreams; and it would have been quite futile to try to describe them on paper.
Space belongs to me, do you hear?
Just where to begin Birch's story I can hardly decide, since I am no practiced teller of tales.
His eyes, looking past me toward the malodorous sea, were positively starting from his head; while his face was a mask of fear worthy of Greek tragedy.
That cryptical pull from the north was getting very strong again, though it seemed now to come from a lower place in the sky.
We even avoid looking at it very steadily.
And as the torches died out altogether, there remained above the stricken and shrieking cohort only the noxious and horrible altar flames on the towering peaks; hellish and red, and now silhouetting the mad, leaping, and colossal forms of such nameless beasts as had never a Phrygian priest or Campanian grandam whispered of in the wildest of furtive tales.
If I did, my father would probably shut me up in a sanitarium as my poor little cousin is shut up.
He could not tell why he approached the farther wall so confidently, or why he instinctively drew forth the great silver key as he did so.
It struck me as horribly like a sort of Oriental ceremony, with beating of drums and chanting of many voices.
From somewhere within the works a dog barked in answer; either to the coyote or to something else.
I think we screamed ourselves as we stumbled frantically toward the town, though as we reached the outskirts we put on a semblance of restraint just enough to seem like belated revellers staggering home from a debauch.
Innsmouth was rapidly becoming intolerable, and I turned down Paine Street toward the Square in the hope of getting some vehicle to take me to Arkham before the still distant starting time of that sinister bus.
Thick, well trimmed hair that argued the punctual calls of a barber was parted gracefully above a high forehead; and the whole picture was one of striking intelligence and superior blood and breeding.
The old man's whisper grew fainter, and I found myself shuddering at the terrible and sincere portentousness of his intonation, even though I knew his tale could be nothing but drunken phantasy.
But I was saved by the very thunder that had summoned it, for after a hideous wait there burst from the unseen outside sky one of those frequent mountainward bolts whose aftermath I had noticed here and there as gashes of disturbed earth and fulgurites of various sizes.
They had hanged four kinsmen of mine for witchcraft in , but I did not know just where.
Gradually a calming of the wind and dispersal of the unusual darkness told of the storm's passing.
Our means of receiving impressions are absurdly few, and our notions of surrounding objects infinitely narrow.
The fires must be lit, and the dancers must be starting in.
What the whole proceeding meant, I could not imagine; unless it involved some strange rite connected with Devil Reef, or unless some party had landed from a ship on that sinister rock.
Isolated among strange influences, Lavinia was fond of wild and grandiose day dreams and singular occupations; nor was her leisure much taken up by household cares in a home from which all standards of order and cleanliness had long since disappeared.
Saturday the th I spent in total darkness, tormented by thoughts and memories that threatened to overcome my German will.
The smoke of a battleship was on the northern horizon, but our distance and ability to submerge made us safe.
There in the narrow hall, outside the bolted door with the covered keyhole, I often heard sounds which filled me with an indefinable dread the dread of vague wonder and brooding mystery.
I had largely given over my inquiries into what Professor Angell called the Cthulhu Cult, and was visiting a learned friend in Paterson, New Jersey; the curator of a local museum and a mineralogist of note.
I hear a noise at the door, as of some immense slippery body lumbering against it.
An officer bent reluctantly over the loathsome glassy eyed form and found the tissue wrapped cardboard, which he passed around among the others.
March st our February th according to the International Date Line the earthquake and storm had come.
His height had increased to more than seven feet, and shewed no signs of ceasing its development.
The thing came abruptly and unannounced; a daemon, rat like scurrying from pits remote and unimaginable, a hellish panting and stifled grunting, and then from that opening beneath the chimney a burst of multitudinous and leprous life a loathsome night spawned flood of organic corruption more devastatingly hideous than the blackest conjurations of mortal madness and morbidity.
They say he still wears clothes, but he'll take to the water soon.
That man, oddly enough, had been through the terrors of the Great War without having incurred any fright so thorough.
I was shewn into the attic chamber by a grave, intelligent looking man with quiet clothes and an iron grey beard, who spoke to me in this fashion: Yes, he lived here but I don't advise your doing anything.
Very little time had elapsed before I saw the attempt was not to be a total failure.
It was not allied to the European witch cult, and was virtually unknown beyond its members.
I am a singer of songs that I learned in the far city, and my calling is to make beauty with the things remembered of childhood.
Outshining all others was the palace of the kings of Mnar and of the lands adjacent.
The old spinning woman had gone with the throng, and the old man remained only because I had refused when he motioned me to seize an animal and ride like the rest.
Into the lands of civilisation came Nyarlathotep, swarthy, slender, and sinister, always buying strange instruments of glass and metal and combining them into instruments yet stranger.
Yet these conceptions were formulated in rustic words wholly inadequate to convey them, a circumstance which drove me to the conclusion that if a true dream world indeed existed, oral language was not its medium for the transmission of thought.
Kuranes had awaked the very moment he beheld the city, yet he knew from his brief glance that it was none other than Celephaïs, in the Valley of Ooth Nargai beyond the Tanarian Hills, where his spirit had dwelt all the eternity of an hour one summer afternoon very long ago, when he had slipt away from his nurse and let the warm sea breeze lull him to sleep as he watched the clouds from the cliff near the village.
The limbs, save for their black fur, roughly resembled the hind legs of prehistoric earth's giant saurians; and terminated in ridgy veined pads that were neither hooves nor claws.
Each of these knobs was the hub of a system of five long, flat, triangularly tapering arms arranged around it like the arms of a starfish nearly horizontal, but curving slightly away from the central barrel.
But now his oversensitive ears caught something behind him, and he looked back across the level terrace.
I took a seat far behind him, but on the same side of the bus, since I wished to watch the shore during the journey.
When tales fly thick in the grottoes of tritons, and conches in seaweed cities blow wild tunes learned from the Elder Ones, then great eager mists flock to heaven laden with lore, and oceanward eyes on the rocks see only a mystic whiteness, as if the cliff's rim were the rim of all earth, and the solemn bells of buoys tolled free in the aether of faery.
The door resisted even more than I had expected, but I did not give in.
Etienne's son Paul, a surly fellow whose erratic conduct had probably provoked the riot which wiped out the family, was particularly a source of speculation; and though Providence never shared the witchcraft panics of her Puritan neighbours, it was freely intimated by old wives that his prayers were neither uttered at the proper time nor directed toward the proper object.
According to this trustworthy man, Sir Arthur Jermyn dismissed everyone from the room before opening the box, though the instant sound of hammer and chisel shewed that he did not delay the operation.
He told the crowd that the men were evidently trying to get to a subordinate peak which overlooked the swath at a point considerably ahead of where the shrubbery was now bending.
I talked with the elderly Archer Harris, then owner of the house, many times before his death in ; and obtained from him and his still surviving maiden sister Alice an authentic corroboration of all the family data my uncle had collected.
Day after day and night after night did we sail, and when the moon was full we would listen to soft songs of the oarsmen, sweet as on that distant night when we sailed away from my far native land.
But the olive grove still stands, as does the tree growing out of the tomb of Kalos, and the old bee keeper told me that sometimes the boughs whisper to one another in the night wind, saying over and over again, Οἶδα Οἶδα I know I know We were sitting on a dilapidated seventeenth century tomb in the late afternoon of an autumn day at the old burying ground in Arkham, and speculating about the unnamable.
This late winter night there had been such a match; evidently with disastrous results, since two timorous Poles had come to us with incoherently whispered entreaties to attend to a very secret and desperate case.
He was a small, lean, bent person, with shabby clothes, blue eyes, grotesque, satyr like face, and nearly bald head; and at my first words seemed both angered and frightened.
I can recall the scene in these final moments the pale autumnal moon over the graves, casting long horrible shadows; the grotesque trees, drooping sullenly to meet the neglected grass and the crumbling slabs; the vast legions of strangely colossal bats that flew against the moon; the antique ivied church pointing a huge spectral finger at the livid sky; the phosphorescent insects that danced like death fires under the yews in a distant corner; the odours of mould, vegetation, and less explicable things that mingled feebly with the night wind from over far swamps and seas; and worst of all, the faint deep toned baying of some gigantic hound which we could neither see nor definitely place.
As the names Trever, Lawrence, and Appleton fell on the air, the loafers seemed to sense something unusual.
Some instinct warned Armitage that what was taking place was not a thing for unfortified eyes to see, so he brushed back the crowd with authority as he unlocked the vestibule door.
Very sleek and fat did the cats appear, and sonorous with purring content.
His contrast with his squalid mother and grandfather in this respect was thought very notable until the horror of suggested the most valid of reasons.
We shall overleap time, space, and dimensions, and without bodily motion peer to the bottom of creation.
Spurred by an impulse he did not originate, Gilman dragged himself forward along a course determined by the angle of the old woman's arms and the direction of the small monstrosity's paw, and before he had shuffled three steps he was back in the twilight abysses.
In this wall was a small, low arched gate of nail studded black oak, which the man proceeded to unlock with a ponderous key.
For a while he sought friends, but soon grew weary of the crudeness of their emotions, and the sameness and earthiness of their visions.
Meanwhile joyful servants were proclaiming the finding of young Godfrey in a distant and unused chamber of the great edifice, telling too late that poor Michel had been killed in vain.
Nor has he yet had any difficulty in obtaining tenants.
Finding nothing else, not even gold, the Superintendent abandoned his attempts; but a perplexed look occasionally steals over his countenance as he sits thinking at his desk.
Life had become an insistent and almost unendurable cacophony, and there was that constant, terrifying impression of other sounds perhaps from regions beyond life trembling on the very brink of audibility.
And above the nighted screaming of men and horses that dæmonic drumming rose to louder pitch, whilst an ice cold wind of shocking sentience and deliberateness swept down from those forbidden heights and coiled about each man separately, till all the cohort was struggling and screaming in the dark, as if acting out the fate of Laocoön and his sons.
And he even talked with the Terrible Old Man, who was not fond of strangers, and was invited into his fearsomely archaic cottage where low ceilings and wormy panelling hear the echoes of disquieting soliloquies in the dark small hours.
He was principal of the East High School, born and bred in Boston and sharing New England's self satisfied deafness to the delicate overtones of life.
But the real thing behind the way folks feel is simply race prejudice and I don't say I'm blaming those that hold it.
When he entered the city, past the bronze gates and over the onyx pavements, the merchants and camel drivers greeted him as if he had never been away; and it was the same at the turquoise temple of Nath Horthath, where the orchid wreathed priests told him that there is no time in Ooth Nargai, but only perpetual youth.
One might, for example, pass into a timeless dimension and emerge at some remote period of the earth's history as young as before.
Shortly after waking on that morning after the storm, I noticed the unaccountable absence of my Hindoo ring from my finger.
Furtiveness and secretiveness seemed universal in this hushed city of alienage and death, and I could not escape the sensation of being watched from ambush on every hand by sly, staring eyes that never shut.
Then dawn swam dripping and mist wreathed out of the sea, and the buoys tolled solemn in vortices of white aether.
When they left their older peaks they took with them all signs of themselves; save once, it is said, when they left a carven image on the face of the mountain which they called Ngranek.
And all the while there was a personal sensation of choking, as if some pervasive presence had spread itself through his body and sought to possess itself of his vital processes.
When I told my uncle about it he was greatly aroused; and after a tense hour of reflection, arrived at a definite and drastic decision.
The reality of what I had been through was highly uncertain in my mind, but I felt that something hideous lay in the background.
It's no vast tour I sometimes do it on foot, for I don't want to attract attention with a taxi in such a place.
One side of the cobblestoned open space was the straight line of the river; the other was a semicircle of slant roofed brick buildings of about the period, from which several streets radiated away to the southeast, south, and southwest.
Ef they dew, they'll keep up a singin' an' laffin' till break o' day.
St. John is a mangled corpse; I alone know why, and such is my knowledge that I am about to blow out my brains for fear I shall be mangled in the same way.
The dreams were wholly beyond the pale of sanity, and Gilman felt that they must be a result, jointly, of his studies in mathematics and in folklore.
His mother seems to've ben some kind of foreigner they say a South Sea islander so everybody raised Cain when he married an Ipswich girl fifty years ago.
The surface I uncovered was fishy and glassy a kind of semi putrid congealed jelly with suggestions of translucency.
He spoke much of the sciences of electricity and psychology and gave exhibitions of power which sent his spectators away speechless, yet which swelled his fame to exceeding magnitude.
A sense of monstrous guilt was upon the land, and out of the abysses between the stars swept chill currents that made men shiver in dark and lonely places.
He had enjoyed my listening to his music, and wished I would come again and not mind his eccentricities.
He had seen a little deeper beneath Old Bugs' mask of utter degradation.
Sometimes I believe that this less material life is our truer life, and that our vain presence on the terraqueous globe is itself the secondary or merely virtual phenomenon.
Then I thought with a shudder of what old Castro had told Legrasse about the primal Great Ones: They had come from the stars, and had brought Their images with Them.
She was not without notions of what a nobleman's dignity should be, and saw to it that her son received the best education which limited money could provide.
I guess they're what they call 'white trash' down South lawless and sly, and full of secret doings.
The end, ran that noisome scrawl, is here.
We had that afternoon dug a grave in the cellar, and would have to fill it by dawn for although we had fixed a lock on the house we wished to shun even the remotest risk of a ghoulish discovery.
And they do not wish quaint Kingsport with its climbing lanes and archaic gables to drag listless down the years while voice by voice the laughing chorus grows stronger and wilder in that unknown and terrible eyrie where mists and the dreams of mists stop to rest on their way from the sea to the skies.
So as I drove the crowd away I told him he must come home with me and be my teacher and leader in unfathomed mysteries, and he assented without speaking a word.
Of any land upheaval in the Pacific, my rescuers knew nothing; nor did I deem it necessary to insist upon a thing which I knew they could not believe.
Warren would never tell me just what was in that book.
Moreover, he had in the past secretly studied the theory of reanimation to some extent under West.
And her friend Pete Stowacki would not help because he wanted the child out of the way anyhow.
It grew fast and big from the same reason that Wilbur grew fast and big but it beat him because it had a greater share of the outsideness in it.
The first half of the principal manuscript told a very peculiar tale.
Only old Zebulon, who was not with the group, could have done justice to the situation or suggested a plausible explanation.
Darkness fell upon a stricken countryside too passive to organise for real defence.
Then the Western Land itself awoke, and joined the Mother Land in her titanic struggle for civilisation.
One night, as he was returning from his work, I intercepted Zann in the hallway and told him that I would like to know him and be with him when he played.
Many days they travelled, and from afar saw lofty Hatheg Kla with his aureole of mournful mist.
Then the lock of the connecting door to my room was softly tried.
And the King bade him put away his tattered purple, and clothed him in satin and cloth of gold, with rings of green jade and bracelets of tinted ivory, and lodged him in a gilded and tapestried chamber on a bed of sweet carven wood with canopies and coverlets of flower embroidered silk.
Rushing through the newly opened connexion, I succeeded in bolting the northerly hall door before the lock could be turned; but even as I did so I heard the hall door of the third room the one from whose window I had hoped to reach the roof below being tried with a pass key.
I think, on the whole, that it was this variety which chiefly disturbed me.
Searchers after horror haunt strange, far places.
Before long I was pretty nearly a devotee, and would listen for hours like a schoolboy to art theories and philosophic speculations wild enough to qualify him for the Danvers asylum.
Within twenty four hours that machine near the table will generate waves acting on unrecognised sense organs that exist in us as atrophied or rudimentary vestiges.
I knew we must have passed down through the mountain and beneath the earth of Kingsport itself, and I shivered that a town should be so aged and maggoty with subterraneous evil.
Spells might be all right but suppose they weren't?
West did not resist or utter a sound.
Though hardly eager, they obeyed; and a deep boring was made.
Drawing inside the hall of my deserted shelter, I once more consulted the grocery boy's map with the aid of the flashlight.
Copp's Hill Burying Ground, which could not be many blocks away from this very house, was a favourite scene.
Perhaps he did not know, or perhaps he knew and did not dare to tell.
It was a secret room, far, far underground; where huge winged daemons carven of basalt and onyx vomited from wide grinning mouths weird green and orange light, and hidden pneumatic pipes ruffled into kaleidoscopic dances of death the lines of red charnel things hand in hand woven in voluminous black hangings.
From the tangle of chimney pots scarcely a wisp of smoke came, and the three tall steeples loomed stark and unpainted against the seaward horizon.
Many were ill, but none made a disturbance.
all grey, with kinder blue or purple rings . . .
The Rue d'Auseil lay across a dark river bordered by precipitous brick blear windowed warehouses and spanned by a ponderous bridge of dark stone.
I knew what he wanted to see if this highly organised body could exhibit, without its head, any of the signs of mental life which had distinguished Sir Eric Moreland Clapham Lee.
Could it be that the dream soul inhabiting this inferior body was desperately struggling to speak things which the simple and halting tongue of dulness could not utter?
The slanting sun was now very low, and the whole hushed town seemed draped in an unreal and malign glamour.
Then the lean Nith remarked that no one had seen the old man or his wife since the night the cats were away.
We met no person, and as time passed the lighted windows became fewer and fewer.
Klenze seemed paralysed and inefficient, as one might expect of a soft, womanish Rhinelander.
Queer how the fish swarm right there and nowhere else.
There was not, I soon decided, any reason why I should have felt that shuddering touch of evil pseudo memory.
It was that of a man clad in a skull cap and long mediaeval tunic of dark colour.
He was more and more hated and dreaded around Dunwich because of certain youthful disappearances which suspicion laid vaguely at his door; but was always able to silence inquiry through fear or through use of that fund of old time gold which still, as in his grandfather's time, went forth regularly and increasingly for cattle buying.
At the end of the corridor was a bathroom a discouraging relique with ancient marble bowl, tin tub, faint electric light, and musty wooden panelling around all the plumbing fixtures.
It was from the tethered horses they had screamed, not neighed, but screamed... and there was no light down there, nor the sound of any human thing, to shew why they had done so.
This was very gruesome and abnormal, so we confined Müller in irons and had him soundly whipped.
But at last I am going to defy the ban on speech about this thing.
The lurking fear dwelt in the shunned and deserted Martense mansion, which crowned the high but gradual eminence whose liability to frequent thunderstorms gave it the name of Tempest Mountain.
In the evening they drowsily discussed the mathematical studies which had so completely and perhaps harmfully engrossed Gilman, and speculated about the linkage with ancient magic and folklore which seemed so darkly probable.
This, he said, was to neutralise the compound and release the system to a normal relaxation so that the reanimating solution might freely work when injected.
Dogs had a fear of me, for they felt the outside shadow which never left my side.
My own column was sucked toward the open country, and presently felt a chill which was not of the hot autumn; for as we stalked out on the dark moor, we beheld around us the hellish moon glitter of evil snows.
And the children would listen, and learn of the laws and deeds of old, and of that dear England which they had never seen, or could not remember.
A certain number of these failures had remained alive one was in an asylum while others had vanished and as he thought of conceivable yet virtually impossible eventualities he often shivered beneath his usual stolidity.
The yellowed county records containing her testimony and that of her accusers were so damnably suggestive of things beyond human experience and the descriptions of the darting little furry object which served as her familiar were so painfully realistic despite their incredible details.
It spread over the old man, too, whether from the same source or because of his fear and vehemence, and I saw him shrivel and blacken as he lurched near and strove to rend me with vulturine talons.
There was a suggestion of sound, too, though the wind was blowing the other way a suggestion of bestial scraping and bellowing even worse than the muttering of the parties I had lately overheard.
So only Briden and Johansen reached the boat, and pulled desperately for the Alert as the mountainous monstrosity flopped down the slimy stones and hesitated floundering at the edge of the water.
Dr. Armitage slept, but was partly delirious the next day.
Once I partly awaked, probably because the sleeper toward the window had restlessly flung an arm across my chest.
A cry rose from the crowd, and Dr. Armitage shouted to the men outside that no one must be admitted till the police or medical examiner came.
Presently Wilbur raised his head and began speaking in that strange, resonant fashion which hinted at sound producing organs unlike the run of mankind's.
Witnesses said it had long hair and the shape of a rat, but that its sharp toothed, bearded face was evilly human while its paws were like tiny human hands.
Nothing that I could have imagined nothing, even, that I could have gathered had I credited old Zadok's crazy tale in the most literal way would be in any way comparable to the daemoniac, blasphemous reality that I saw or believe I saw.
In these Meetings we preserv'd a remarkable Degree of Amity and Tranquillity, which contrasts very favourably with some of the Dissensions and Disruptions I observe in the literary and amateur Press Associations of today.
Heaven be thanked for the instinct which led me unconscious to places where men dwell; to the peaceful village that slept under the calm stars of clearing skies.
He had grown as large as a child of four, and was a fluent and incredibly intelligent talker.
One thing I began to suspect, and which I now fear I know, is that my uncle's death was far from natural.
Then too, we had spoken to him in advance of our quest; and I felt after my uncle's going that he would understand and assist me in some vitally necessary public explanations.
From beyond came a glow that weirdly lit the giant twisted trees and the tops of the buried temples, and I drifted on songfully, expectant of the glories of the land from whence I should never return.
They get a lot of fish and lobsters and do exporting by truck.
Those Old Ones were gone now, inside the earth and under the sea; but their dead bodies had told their secrets in dreams to the first men, who formed a cult which had never died.
There was nothing like a ladder in the tomb, and the coffin niches on the sides and rear which Birch seldom took the trouble to use afforded no ascent to the space above the door.
Numbers of men, or things which had been men, dropped to the floor and began lapping at the puddles of spilled liquor, but most remained immovable, watching the unprecedented actions of the barroom drudge and derelict.
We were aged and weak from our drugs, dissipations, and nervous overstrain, and the thinning hair and beard of my friend had become snow white.
Unmistakably he was looking at the curtained window and listening shudderingly.
In Auckland I learned that Johansen had returned with yellow hair turned white after a perfunctory and inconclusive questioning at Sydney, and had thereafter sold his cottage in West Street and sailed with his wife to his old home in Oslo.
Among the agonies of these after days is that chief of torments inarticulateness.
As I thought of these things I looked out over the squalid sea of decaying roofs below me, now brightened by the beams of a moon not much past full.
But their ardent Protestantism too ardent, some whispered and their evident distress when virtually driven from the village down the bay, had moved the sympathy of the town fathers.
Sometimes he and Paul Choynski and Landlord Dombrowski thought they saw that light seeping out of cracks in the sealed loft above the young gentleman's room, but they had all agreed not to talk about that.
He lives all alone with his streaked cat in Gray's Inn, and people call him harmlessly mad.
They say that that haunting memory face is modelled from my own, as it was at twenty five, but upon the marble base is carven a single name in the letters of Attica 'ΥΠΟΣ.
Go thou then to Athok the cobbler or be gone out of the city by sunset.
She certainly knew nothing about it.
The lounger I had hired, it seems, had fled screaming and mad eyed not long after his second delivery of ice; perhaps as a result of excessive curiosity.
There too were forms and fantasies more splendid than any I had ever known; the visions of young poets who died in want before the world could learn of what they had seen and dreamed.
Its details I shall never know; for my slumber, though troubled and dream infested, was continuous.
I'm going to burn his accursed diary, and if you men are wise you'll dynamite that altar stone up there, and pull down all the rings of standing stones on the other hills.
Malign purpose was all I could think of, and I kept deathly quiet, awaiting the would be intruder's next move.
It had caved in like an egg shell, and amongst the ruins nothing living or dead could be discovered.
In the darkness below there loomed the vast blurred outlines of a vessel breaking up on the cruel rocks, and as I glanced out over the waste I saw that the light had failed for the first time since my grandfather had assumed its care.
Every face but one shewed nobility and reverence, but that one reflected the mockery of the pit.
Selling a portion of his estate to obtain the requisite money, he outfitted an expedition and sailed for the Congo.
Dombrowski called her, and she waddled in.
I must have fallen asleep from fatigue, for it was with a distinct sense of awakening that I heard the voices.
She had, in her own youth, been deeply and permanently impressed with the horror of dissipation by the case of one to whom she had for a time been engaged.
The place was avoided with doubled assiduousness, and invested with every whispered myth tradition could supply.
The only thing to do was to cross it boldly and openly; imitating the typical shamble of the Innsmouth folk as best I could, and trusting that no one or at least no pursuer of mine would be there.
It was sunny weather, and I was glad of that.
In a half stupor I crossed over to the couch and felt of his wrist, but found it cold, stiff, and pulseless.
He found the man, Athib, sitting on the same chest of spices he had sat upon before, and Athib seemed not to realise that any time had passed.
Warmer every minute, and the tissues can't last.
Then a faint clicking came from the instrument, and I called down to my friend in a tense voice.
He interspersed his study of the books with attacks on the manuscript itself, and in time became convinced that he had to deal with one of those subtlest and most ingenious of cryptograms, in which many separate lists of corresponding letters are arranged like the multiplication table, and the message built up with arbitrary key words known only to the initiated.
Yield up enough sacrifices an' savage knick knacks an' harbourage in the taown when they wanted it, an' they'd let well enough alone.
Jan Martense, whose room I had invaded, was buried in the graveyard near the mansion. . . .
I always knew you were no scientist Trembling, eh? Trembling with anxiety to see the ultimate things I have discovered?
There was thunder in the air on the night I went to the deserted mansion atop Tempest Mountain to find the lurking fear.
I shall never forget the afternoon when first I stumbled upon the half hidden house of death.
I did, however, improve my stay in Arkham by collecting some genealogical notes I had long wished to possess; very rough and hasty data, it is true, but capable of good use later on when I might have time to collate and codify them.
I almost saw them, but I knew how to stop.
Whenever the morgue proved inadequate, two local negroes attended to this matter, and they were seldom questioned.
I was almost paralysed, but not too much so to make a feeble effort toward flight; a backward stumble which failed to break the spell in which the nameless, voiceless monster held me.
And their fear and dismay increased when they searched the fallen apartment; for of the gentle Musides, and of the marvellously fashioned image of Tyché, no trace could be discovered.
Then we split up into narrow columns, each of which seemed drawn in a different direction.
As he listened he thought a rhythmic confusion of faint musical pipings covering a wide tonal range welled up from the narrow streets beneath, and he wished he might discern the denizens of the place.
After a pause, during which the flock of whippoorwills outside adjusted their cries to the altered tempo while some indications of the strange hill noises came from afar off, he added another sentence or two.
It may have been wholly an hallucination from the shock caused at that instant by the sudden and complete destruction of the building in a cataclysm of German shell fire who can gainsay it, since West and I were the only proved survivors?
This is the last time for you, old bird he exclaimed furiously.
They all died vast epochs of time before men came, but there were arts which could revive Them when the stars had come round again to the right positions in the cycle of eternity.
Old Keziah, he reflected, might have had excellent reasons for living in a room with peculiar angles; for was it not through certain angles that she claimed to have gone outside the boundaries of the world of space we know?
Memory seemed to pick itself up where it had left off, and the horror of the sight that had prostrated him burst in upon him again.
I perceived that my chances were very slender, and was fully prepared for any calamity.
Then, bolder than the storied Cyclops, great Cthulhu slid greasily into the water and began to pursue with vast wave raising strokes of cosmic potency.
But as time passed, men observed a want of gaiety in the once sparkling Musides.
No tellin' what any o' them Kanakys will chance to git a holt of when the sea bottom throws up some island with ruins older'n the deluge.
Glancing at the people on the sidewalks, I thought I detected in them a curious wish to avoid looking at the bus or at least a wish to avoid seeming to look at it.
He was obviously quite mad.
Later, by virtue of its sheer impressiveness, it had found subconscious expression in dreams, in the bas relief, and in the terrible statue I now beheld; so that his imposture upon my uncle had been a very innocent one.
But when the moon went over to the west and the still tide ebbed from the sullen shore, I saw in that light old spires that the waves almost uncovered, and white columns gay with festoons of green seaweed.
Its cultural level had fallen very low, as proved by decaying furniture and scattered silverware which must have been long abandoned when its owners left.
It was the best that moderate means could afford, and Harris hastened to move in before the birth of a fifth child which the family expected.
I cannot tell you how he shrieked, or what vistas of unvisitable hells gleamed for a second in black eyes crazed with fright.
The note which he finally handed me was an appeal for tolerance and forgiveness.
It hath been my good fortune to retain the rural seat of my ancestors, swallowed though it was by two towns, first Greenwich, which built up hither after , then New York, which joined on near .
All through the long hellish hours of blackness it shines there.
I could not help observing, however, the inferior scientific knowledge of my companion.
Then thought trickled back, and I knew that I had witnessed things more horrible than I had dreamed.
I hardly know how to continue, since conditions so singular are involved; but I will do my best, not even trying to differentiate betwixt the real and the apparent.
Saving theirs, no eyes beheld the two divine figures released by skilful blows from the rough blocks that had imprisoned them since the world began.
Those haunting notes I had remembered, and had often hummed and whistled inaccurately to myself; so when the player at length laid down his bow I asked him if he would render some of them.
And to escape this relentless thing I plunged gladly and unhesitatingly into the stinking shallows where amidst weedy walls and sunken streets fat sea worms feast upon the world's dead.
As the old man whispered the words more the same a tiny spattering impact was heard, and something shewed on the yellowed paper of the upturned volume.
In Bolton the prevailing spirit of Puritanism had outlawed the sport of boxing with the usual result.
For a decade had it been talked of in the land of Mnar, and as it drew nigh there came to Sarnath on horses and camels and elephants men from Thraa, Ilarnek, and Kadatheron, and all the cities of Mnar and the lands beyond.
The man had now admitted that he sometimes talked queerly, though he knew not why.
Seething, stewing, surging, bubbling like serpents' slime it rolled up and out of that yawning hole, spreading like a septic contagion and streaming from the cellar at every point of egress streaming out to scatter through the accursed midnight forests and strew fear, madness, and death.
The grease was gone, for the mouldy floor was porous.
Olney does not recall many of the wonders he told, or even who he was; but says that he was strange and kindly, and filled with the magic of unfathomed voids of time and space.
Right naow Barnabas is abaout changed.
He was wholly alone, and his first act was to walk to the balustrade and look dizzily down at the endless, Cyclopean city almost two thousand feet below.
They was a party one night as follered Obed's craowd aout to the reef, an' I heerd shots betwixt the dories.
Instead there was a clatter of people coming up with lanterns, for the spell of phantasmal silence had broken, and I once more heard sounds and saw figures as normally tri dimensional.
Poor Johansen's handwriting almost gave out when he wrote of this.
West was a materialist, believing in no soul and attributing all the working of consciousness to bodily phenomena; consequently he looked for no revelation of hideous secrets from gulfs and caverns beyond death's barrier.
It was agreed to call the whole thing a chemical laboratory if discovery should occur.
And there were cobblestones over which clattered many a blooded horse and rumbled many a gilded coach; and brick sidewalks with horse blocks and hitching posts.
And in most of the palaces the floors were mosaics of beryl and lapis lazuli and sardonyx and carbuncle and other choice materials, so disposed that the beholder might fancy himself walking over beds of the rarest flowers.
Not in the spaces we know, but between them, They walk serene and primal, undimensioned and to us unseen.
His occasional use of the weapon did not enhance his popularity amongst the owners of canine guardians.
Instead, she had gone to a spot her dead son had learned about, and had leaped to a realm whose wonders destined for him as well he had spurned with a smoking pistol.
And what damnable expressiveness Pickman sometimes gave the sightless faces of this charnel booty Occasionally the things were shewn leaping through open windows at night, or squatting on the chests of sleepers, worrying at their throats.
His wife, bringing his dinner, found him in a half comatose state; but he was conscious enough to warn her off with a sharp cry when he saw her eyes wander toward the notes he had taken.
And the men of Oonai were pale with revelling and dull with wine, and unlike the radiant men of Aira.
In those greenish beams the candles paled, and a new semblance of decay spread over the musk reeking room with its wormy panelling, sagging floor, battered mantel, rickety furniture, and ragged draperies.
Awed, shaken, and portentous, my friend who had been beyond the barrier warned me that we must never venture within those realms again.
No star had been visible at that point before.
I did it for so long that life faded to a far memory, and I became one with the moles and grubs of nighted depths.
In these writings the people were urged to tear down the laws and virtues that our fathers had exalted; to stamp out the soul of the old America the soul that was bequeathed through a thousand and a half years of Anglo Saxon freedom, justice, and moderation.
But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?
He raved of things he did not understand and could not interpret; things which he claimed to have experienced, but which he could not have learned through any normal or connected narration.
I had read many scrolls out of Syria and Ægyptus, and the cryptic towns of Etruria, and had talked at length with the bloodthirsty priest of Diana Aricina in his temple in the woods bordering Lacus Nemorensis.
Glad ye was nigh the haouse en' hed the sense ta come right in.
He was comely, even as thou, but full of folly and strangeness; and he ran away when small to find those who would listen gladly to his songs and dreams.
On the butcher's shop of the Anzique cannibals a small red spattering glistened picturesquely, lending vividness to the horror of the engraving.
You know what he did.
Examining the great tree where it had lurked, I could discern no distinctive marks.
Them things told the Kanakys that ef they mixed bloods there'd be children as ud look human at fust, but later turn more'n more like the things, till finally they'd take to the water an' jine the main lot o' things daown thar.
Late at night the conference disbanded without having developed a definite plan, but all day Sunday Armitage was busy comparing formulae and mixing chemicals obtained from the college laboratory.
Of course he heard about the matter afterward and suffered untold torments of black and bewildered speculation; but even that was not as bad as actual nearness and several possible sights would have been.
This sound in such a locality naturally stirred us, though less than it would have done at night.
Over the cities once more floated the Old Flag, companioned by the New Flag and by a plainer yet glorious Tri colour.
Some distance away the lifeless body of Juan Romero lay upon a table, surrounded by a group of men, including the camp doctor.
They glistened bloated and green in the moonbeams, and seemed to gaze up at the fount of light.
All of these, however, bore out the notes in full.
On a slab in an alcove he found an old but empty coffin whose tarnished plate bears the single word Jervas.
I wondered what sights this placid youth might have seen in inaccessible spheres, and what he could relate if fully restored to life.
Obed he notices, besides, that lots of the han'some young folks ud drop aout o' sight fer good from year to year, an' that they wa'n't many old folks araound.
Thus dwelt Iranon in Oonai, the city of lutes and dancing.
To my ancestor  he softly continued, there appeared to reside some very remarkable qualities in the will of mankind; qualities having a little suspected dominance not only over the acts of one's self and of others, but over every variety of force and substance in Nature, and over many elements and dimensions deemed more univarsal than Nature herself.
Perhaps it was like the pulsing of the engines far down in a great liner, as sensed from the deck, yet it was not so mechanical; not so devoid of the element of life and consciousness.
No, it could not possibly be repaired that night, nor was there any other way of getting transportation out of Innsmouth, either to Arkham or elsewhere.
Even the Providence Art Club, anxious to preserve its conservatism, had found him quite hopeless.
The box, whose fastenings were broken by the stroke which had unearthed it, contained many papers and objects of value; but I had eyes for one thing alone.
After that I went to Sydney and talked profitlessly with seamen and members of the vice admiralty court.
In reply to a jumble of questions they only shook their heads and reaffirmed one vital fact.
He had habitually slept at night beyond the ordinary time, and upon waking would often talk of unknown things in a manner so bizarre as to inspire fear even in the hearts of an unimaginative populace.
Dark wanderers they were, and unlike the other roving folk who passed through the village twice every year.
But my eyes were the keenest in the city, despite the long hours I gave each day to the study of the Pnakotic manuscripts and the wisdom of the Zobnarian Fathers; so my friend, desiring not to doom me to inaction, rewarded me with that duty which was second to nothing in importance.
I had never, seemingly, heard human speech before; and could guess only vaguely what was said.
They are on the Duke's Wedding, and so much resemble in Quality the Work of other and more recent poetick Dunces, that I cannot forbear copying them: When the Duke of Leeds shall marry'd be To a fine young Lady of high Quality How happy will that Gentlewoman be In his Grace of Leeds' good Company.
There's been a certain change in your personal appearance.
Following Washington Street toward the river, I now faced a new zone of former industry and commerce; noting the ruins of a factory ahead, and seeing others, with the traces of an old railway station and covered railway bridge beyond, up the gorge on my right.
With this throng I mingled, though I knew I belonged with the hosts rather than with the guests.
Harris was a substantial merchant and seaman in the West India trade, connected with the firm of Obadiah Brown and his nephews.
If he had not been, one cannot say what he would have done when the object came.
The moon's light flickers, as earth's gods dance against it; I shall see the dancing forms of the gods that leap and howl in the moonlight. . . .
It is rumoured in Ulthar, beyond the river Skai, that a new king reigns on the opal throne in Ilek Vad, that fabulous town of turrets atop the hollow cliffs of glass overlooking the twilight sea wherein the bearded and finny Gnorri build their singular labyrinths, and I believe I know how to interpret this rumour.
West had greedily seized the lifeless thing which had once been his friend and fellow scholar; and I shuddered when he finished severing the head, placed it in his hellish vat of pulpy reptile tissue to preserve it for future experiments, and proceeded to treat the decapitated body on the operating table.
It occurred to me that I must be in a highly nervous state to let a few random creakings set me off speculating in this fashion but I regretted none the less that I was unarmed.
In relating the circumstances which have led to my confinement within this refuge for the demented, I am aware that my present position will create a natural doubt of the authenticity of my narrative.
It was about a foot square, and its Gothic carvings were so fearful that he did not marvel no person since Edmund Carter had dared to open it.
Of this he had long felt certain.
Then there was heavy, deliberate tramping in the cottage, and Olney heard the windows opening, first on the north side opposite him, and then on the west just around the corner.
It was a sense of routine which kept me from going mad.
They had shape for did not this star fashioned image prove it?
It is true that I have for five years been his closest friend, and a partial sharer of his terrible researches into the unknown.
Disliking the dinginess of the single restaurant I had seen, I bought a fair supply of cheese crackers and ginger wafers to serve as a lunch later on.
There was no sound within save a nameless sort of slow, thick dripping.
His lips and cheeks were fuzzy with a coarse dark down, and his voice had begun to break.
Kuranes had previously entered that abyss only at night, and wondered what it would look like by day; so he watched anxiously as the column approached its brink.
At these times he would shew a sardonic humour and make remarks which the folk of Sheehan's deemed foolish and irrational.
I won't say that all this is wholly true in body, but 'tis sufficient true to furnish a very pretty spectacle now and then.
As I surveyed this quaint apartment, I felt an increase in that aversion first excited by the bleak exterior of the house.
I must have lived years in this place, but I cannot measure the time.
I did faint after emptying the fourth carboy, which I had to handle after the fumes had begun to penetrate my mask; but when I recovered I saw that the hole was emitting no fresh vapours.
An' she says he says they was a swishin', lappin' saound, more nor what the bendin' trees an' bushes could make, an' all on a suddent the trees along the rud begun ter git pushed one side, an' they was a awful stompin' an' splashin' in the mud.
Besides human tissue, West employed much of the reptile embryo tissue which he had cultivated with such singular results.
A visit to Dunwich Village failed to bring out much that was new; but a close survey of the Necronomicon, in those parts which Wilbur had sought so avidly, seemed to supply new and terrible clues to the nature, methods, and desires of the strange evil so vaguely threatening this planet.
Looking upward he saw three stupendous discs of flame, each of a different hue, and at a different height above an infinitely distant curving horizon of low mountains.
The next day, it appears, they raised and landed on a small island, although none is known to exist in that part of the ocean; and six of the men somehow died ashore, though Johansen is queerly reticent about this part of his story, and speaks only of their falling into a rock chasm.
The undertaker grew doubly lethargic in the bitter weather, and seemed to outdo even himself in carelessness.
There was some talk of searching the woods, but most of the family's friends were busy with the dead woman and the screaming man.
You are not as badly off as you might be but you must get out of here at once and stay away.
It was, in fact, nothing more or less than an abundant supply of freshly killed men in every stage of dismemberment.
Snow would have hid the rails in any case.
I felt conscious of youth because I remembered so little.
And now, in response to a general and urgent demand, Inspector Legrasse related as fully as possible his experience with the swamp worshippers; telling a story to which I could see my uncle attached profound significance.
Silent and sparkling, bright and baleful, those moon cursed waters hurried I knew not whither; whilst from the embowered banks white lotos blossoms fluttered one by one in the opiate night wind and dropped despairingly into the stream, swirling away horribly under the arched, carven bridge, and staring back with the sinister resignation of calm, dead faces.
Their outlines were human, semi human, fractionally human, and not human at all the horde was grotesquely heterogeneous.
The night of the first revelation was a sultry one.
That plague of ' must have taken off the best blood in the place.
The great house was very still, for I had not gone up till after midnight.
What the Red Glare Meant On the tempest racked night of November , , with a lantern which cast charnel shadows, I stood digging alone and idiotically in the grave of Jan Martense.
Perhaps the strain had been too great; for Dr. Muñoz made it whisperingly clear though not in detail that the methods of healing had been most extraordinary, involving scenes and processes not welcomed by elderly and conservative Galens.
It seems that he did not scorn the incantations of the mediaevalists, since he believed these cryptic formulae to contain rare psychological stimuli which might conceivably have singular effects on the substance of a nervous system from which organic pulsations had fled.
This ancient confirmed every tale which Jermyn had heard, adding his own account of the stone city and the white apes as it had been told to him.
Then he had departed alone.
Holding with Haeckel that all life is a chemical and physical process, and that the so called soul is a myth, my friend believed that artificial reanimation of the dead can depend only on the condition of the tissues; and that unless actual decomposition has set in, a corpse fully equipped with organs may with suitable measures be set going again in the peculiar fashion known as life.
No? Wal, Mis' Corey, ef they was on the glen rud this side o' the glen, an' ain't got to your haouse yet, I calc'late they must go into the glen itself.
The place was ghoulish looking, but I was past minding such impressions and made at once for the staircase revealed by my flashlight after a hasty glance at my watch, which shewed the hour to be a.m.
Then he took me through a door on the left, lighted an oil lamp, and told me to make myself at home.
After that thing I had dug a grave for one whose death I could not understand.
But the archon was sullen and did not understand, and rebuked the stranger.
At one time he threatened to abandon the expedition if I remained insistent; a threat which proved effective, since he alone held the key to the thing.
Subsequent impressions will never leave the mind of young Trever.
Our seat on the tomb was very comfortable, and I knew that my prosaic friend would not mind the cavernous rift in the ancient, root disturbed brickwork close behind us, or the utter blackness of the spot brought by the intervention of a tottering, deserted seventeenth century house between us and the nearest lighted road.
Elwood was out late that night, and Gilman waited up for him.
After about an hour he got himself under better control, and saw that he was far from the city.
I've seen sights before, but there was one thing too much here.
Here he knew strange things had happened once, and there was a faint suggestion behind the surface that everything of that monstrous past might not at least in the darkest, narrowest, and most intricately crooked alleys have utterly perished.
Those figures are so silent and furtive that one feels somehow confronted by forbidden things, with which it would be better to have nothing to do.
I displayed a peculiar erudition utterly unlike the fantastic, monkish lore over which I had pored in youth; and covered the flyleaves of my books with facile impromptu epigrams which brought up suggestions of Gay, Prior, and the sprightliest of the Augustan wits and rimesters.
Then through the high mists he heard the voice of unseen Barzai shouting wildly in delight: I have heard the gods I have heard earth's gods singing in revelry on Hatheg Kla The voices of earth's gods are known to Barzai the Prophet The mists are thin and the moon is bright, and I shall see the gods dancing wildly on Hatheg Kla that they loved in youth The wisdom of Barzai hath made him greater than earth's gods, and against his will their spells and barriers are as naught; Barzai will behold the gods, the proud gods, the secret gods, the gods of earth who spurn the sight of men Atal could not hear the voices Barzai heard, but he was now close to the bulging cliff and scanning it for foot holds.
When the thing breathed, its tail and tentacles rhythmically changed colour, as if from some circulatory cause normal to the non human side of its ancestry.
Nor is it to be thought, ran the text as Armitage mentally translated it, that man is either the oldest or the last of earth's masters, or that the common bulk of life and substance walks alone.
What would the storm call forth or was there anything left for it to call?
Nothing has been distorted or concealed, and if anything remains vague, it is only because of the dark cloud which has come over my mind that cloud and the nebulous nature of the horrors which brought it upon me.
Country and village people, however, canvassed the place with infinite care; overturning everything in the house, sounding ponds and brooks, beating down bushes, and ransacking the nearby forests.
In the spring after Wilbur's birth Lavinia resumed her customary rambles in the hills, bearing in her misproportioned arms the swarthy child.
Things went on that way fer years, an' Obed got enough o' that gold like stuff to make him start the refinery in Waite's old run daown fullin' mill.
Seized with a gloomy and fanatical belief which exiled them from their kind, their ancestors sought the wilderness for freedom.
Once we fancied that a large, opaque body darkened the library window when the moon was shining against it, and another time we thought we heard a whirring or flapping sound not far off.
After uncovering the entire surface, which consisted of three immense granite slabs, we stepped back some distance to survey the charnel scene; and Warren appeared to make some mental calculations.
He felt the chain of the cheap crucifix grinding into his neck, and in his peril wondered how the sight of the object itself would affect the evil creature.
In the small hours of that night he slept a little in an easy chair in his office, but was at the manuscript again before dawn.
The Tomb Legions When Dr. Herbert West disappeared a year ago, the Boston police questioned me closely.
Most of the Jermyns had possessed a subtly odd and repellent cast, but Arthur's case was very striking.
Then he knew he must go into the past and merge himself with old things, and day after day he thought of the hills to the north where haunted Arkham and the rushing Miskatonic and the lonely rustic homestead of his people lay.
Of the cult, he said that he thought the centre lay amid the pathless deserts of Arabia, where Irem, the City of Pillars, dreams hidden and untouched.
To my architectural and historical anticipations was now added an acute anthropological zeal, and I could scarcely sleep in my small room at the Y as the night wore away.
There was a vortex of withering, ice cold wind, and then the rattle of loose bricks and plaster; but I had mercifully fainted before I could learn what it meant.
Then, as more men came to the growing cluster of houses and looked about for places to dwell, they built cabins along the north side; cabins of stout oaken logs with masonry on the side toward the forest, for many Indians lurked there with fire arrows.
No one placed the charred fragments in an urn or set a memorial to him who had been; for certain papers and a certain boxed object were found, which made men wish to forget.
In a second I was through, and had my right knee and shoulder against a hall door which was visibly opening inward.
Two titan swaths of destruction stretched from the glen to the Frye farmyard, monstrous prints covered the bare patches of ground, and one side of the old red barn had completely caved in.
He did not respond, and still the viol shrieked on without slackening.
They were grave and quiet, and seemed shaken by memories and reflections even more terrible than those which had reduced the group of natives to a state of cowed quivering.
My watch was still going, and told me that the hour was past noon.
How did he know so much about what they expected?
Fortunately we had storage batteries still capable of long use, both for interior lighting and for the searchlight.
This Tranquillity was the more remarkable, because we had amongst us Gentlemen of very opposed Opinions.
The ship sank quite picturesquely, bow first, the stern rising high out of the water whilst the hull shot down perpendicularly to the bottom of the sea.
And writing of some kind the bulk of these designs seemed certainly to be; though my memory, despite much familiarity with the papers and collections of my uncle, failed in any way to identify this particular species, or even to hint at its remotest affiliations.
I guess he's sayin' the spell, whispered Wheeler as he snatched back the telescope.
As we heard this suggestion of baying we shuddered, remembering the tales of the peasantry; for he whom we sought had centuries before been found in this selfsame spot, torn and mangled by the claws and teeth of some unspeakable beast.
Shortly before ten the next morning I stood with one small valise in front of Hammond's Drug Store in old Market Square waiting for the Innsmouth bus.
In the summer it would be nearly overhead.
His drinking, of course, only aggravated what it was meant to alleviate.
Imitating Pickman's listening, I fancied I heard a faint scurrying sound somewhere, and a series of squeals or bleats in a direction I couldn't determine.
And he gazed also upon Mount Aran rising regally from the shore, its lower slopes green with swaying trees and its white summit touching the sky.
With him he bore the subject of his visit, a grotesque, repulsive, and apparently very ancient stone statuette whose origin he was at a loss to determine.
He spoke in a dreamy, stilted manner which suggested pose and alienated sympathy; and my uncle shewed some sharpness in replying, for the conspicuous freshness of the tablet implied kinship with anything but archaeology.
Obed he kinder takes charge an' says things is goin' to be changed . . .
Mebbe ye'd like to a ben me in them days, when I seed things at night aout to sea from the cupalo top o' my haouse.
At night he would not be alone, nor would the company of a few persons calm him.
For a second I thought this typical physique suggested some picture I had seen, perhaps in a book, under circumstances of particular horror or melancholy; but this pseudo recollection passed very quickly.
I should think you'd have known I didn't drop Pickman for the same silly reasons that fussy old women like Dr. Reid or Joe Minot or Bosworth did.
Iä Shub Niggurath As a foulness shall ye know Them.
Other stars anon shall rise To the axis of the skies; Stars that soothe and stars that bless With a sweet forgetfulness: Only when my round is o'er Shall the past disturb thy door.
I had somehow taken it for granted that the house was abandoned, yet as I approached it I was not so sure; for though the walks were indeed overgrown with weeds, they seemed to retain their nature a little too well to argue complete desertion.
I had been on a long visit to my parents in Illinois, and upon my return found West in a state of singular elation.
Their number was past guessing.
Haow'd ye like to be livin' in a taown like this, with everything a rottin' an' a dyin', an' boarded up monsters crawlin' an' bleatin' an' barkin' an' hoppin' araoun' black cellars an' attics every way ye turn?
We shall meet again perhaps in the shining mists of Orion's Sword, perhaps on a bleak plateau in prehistoric Asia.
On my asking him what he thought of my favourable Notice of his Dictionary in The Londoner, my periodical Paper, he said: Sir, I possess no Recollection of having perus'd your Paper, and have not a great Interest in the Opinions of the less thoughtful Part of Mankind.
Neither knew what to make of the whole chaotic business, and decided it would be better if they thought as little as possible about it.
A very thin sprinkling of repellent looking youngish people now became visible on the sidewalks lone individuals, and silent knots of two or three.
All this I can still remember, though I no longer know what manner of thing we sought.
At the last moment I decided I had better slacken my trot and make the crossing as before in the shambling gait of an average Innsmouth native.
Major Sir Eric Moreland Clapham Lee, D.S.O., was the greatest surgeon in our division, and had been hastily assigned to the St. Eloi sector when news of the heavy fighting reached headquarters.
The man had always shivered when he read this scroll, and Carter shivered now.
That this could be accomplished without loss of life was in many cases conceivable.
As I stood pondering with my hand on the now useless switch I heard a muffled creaking on the floor below, and thought I could barely distinguish voices in conversation.
Then his fevered, abnormal hearing caught the distant, windborne notes.
In either case it would have been appropriate; for the unexpected tenacity of the easy looking brickwork was surely a sardonic commentary on the vanity of mortal hopes, and the source of a task whose performance deserved every possible stimulus.
It was this object, and not his peculiar personal appearance, which made him end his life.
He told 'em he'd knowed of folks as prayed to gods that give somethin' ye reely need, an' says ef a good bunch o' men ud stand by him, he cud mebbe git a holt o' sarten paowers as ud bring plenty o' fish an' quite a bit o' gold.
And in the glow of the moon I saw how unwise I had been to travel by day.
I believe I sang a great deal, and laughed oddly when I was unable to sing.
I dun't think he aimed at fust to do no mixin', nor raise no younguns to take to the water an' turn into fishes with eternal life.
His madness, or at least his partial perversion, seemed beyond dispute.
In the first days of his bondage he had turned to the gentle churchly faith endeared to him by the naive trust of his fathers, for thence stretched mystic avenues which seemed to promise escape from life.
What the police did extract, came mainly from an immensely aged mestizo named Castro, who claimed to have sailed to strange ports and talked with undying leaders of the cult in the mountains of China.
The document, indeed, ended in much confusion; and I was forced to ransack both the Rhode Island Historical Society and Shepley Library before I could find a local door which the name Etienne Roulet would unlock.
I was willing enough to stay mute while the affair was fresh and uncertain; but now that it is an old story, with public interest and curiosity gone, I have an odd craving to whisper about those few frightful hours in that ill rumoured and evilly shadowed seaport of death and blasphemous abnormality.
He questioned the sculptor with scientific minuteness; and studied with almost frantic intensity the bas relief on which the youth had found himself working, chilled and clad only in his night clothes, when waking had stolen bewilderingly over him.
Never mingling much with his kind, he had dropped gradually from social visibility, and was now known only to a small group of aesthetes from other towns.
And whether the sea was rough or calm, and whether the wind was friendly or adverse, it would always glide smoothly and silently, its sails distant and its long strange tiers of oars moving rhythmically.
And when my knock was answered I was fully afraid, because I had not heard any footsteps before the door creaked open.
That place was very old, and the ceiling high shelves full of rotting volumes reached back endlessly through windowless inner rooms and alcoves.
The phantasmal, unmentionable thing occurred one midnight late in March, , in a field hospital behind the lines at St. Eloi.
In all the cities of Cydathria and in the lands beyond the Bnazic desert gay faced children laughed at his olden songs and tattered robe of purple; but Iranon stayed ever young, and wore wreaths upon his golden head whilst he sang of Aira, delight of the past and hope of the future.
The old man was panting, and perspiring profusely.
Wilbur was by this time a scholar of really tremendous erudition in his one sided way, and was quietly known by correspondence to many librarians in distant places where rare and forbidden books of old days are kept.
Of his own condition he could not well judge, for sight of his arms, legs, and torso seemed always cut off by some odd disarrangement of perspective; but he felt that his physical organisation and faculties were somehow marvellously transmuted and obliquely projected though not without a certain grotesque relationship to his normal proportions and properties.
It remained unvisited till , when the continued absence of lights was noticed by the squatters.
I now formed the habit of listening very intently at the slightly open portal, choosing my favourite hours of midnight stillness for the odd vigil.
It was not a wholesome landscape after dark, and I believe I would have noticed its morbidity even had I been ignorant of the terror that stalked there.
As I opened the window I noticed that it was flanked by heavy velour draperies suspended from a pole by brass rings, and also that there was a large projecting catch for the shutters on the exterior.
Then said Iranon, Wherefore do ye toil; is it not that ye may live and be happy?
On October , , the explorer Samuel Seaton called at Jermyn House with a manuscript of notes collected among the Ongas, believing that certain legends of a grey city of white apes ruled by a white god might prove valuable to the ethnologist.
Some of these were in curious fragments, and all that survived had to be shot.
He cut himself off hurriedly, and no amount of persuasion or subtlety could elicit more in this direction.
Tired and perspiring despite many rests, he descended to the floor and sat a while on the bottom box to gather strength for the final wriggle and leap to the ground outside.
Indeed, there were always vague local tales of unexplained stenches upstairs in the Witch House just after May Eve and Hallowmass.
Opposite the large window was an enormous Dutch fireplace with scriptural tiles representing the prodigal son, and opposite the narrow window was a spacious bed built into the wall.
And before Goya you have to go back to the mediaeval chaps who did the gargoyles and chimaeras on Notre Dame and Mont Saint Michel.
Excavation was much easier than I expected, though at one point I encountered a queer interruption; when a lean vulture darted down out of the cold sky and pecked frantically at the grave earth until I killed him with a blow of my spade.
Look here, do you know the whole North End once had a set of tunnels that kept certain people in touch with each other's houses, and the burying ground, and the sea?
The old bookseller had told him that only five copies were known to have survived the shocked edicts of the priests and lawgivers against it and that all of these were locked up with frightened care by custodians who had ventured to begin a reading of the hateful black letter.
He saw that Rice, from the party's point of vantage above and behind the entity, had an excellent chance of spreading the potent powder with marvellous effect.
But such naive reports could mean very little, and Gilman let the cheap metal crucifix hang idly from a knob on his host's dresser.
Then fur ahead where Bishop's Brook goes under the rud he heerd a awful creakin' an' strainin' on the bridge, an' says he could tell the saound o' wood a startin' to crack an' split.
That bearded host seemed young, yet looked out of eyes steeped in the elder mysteries; and from the tales of marvellous ancient things he related, it must be guessed that the village folk were right in saying he had communed with the mists of the sea and the clouds of the sky ever since there was any village to watch his taciturn dwelling from the plain below.
For three days they climbed higher, higher, and higher toward the roof of the world; then they camped to wait for the clouding of the moon.
What I muttered about as I came slowly out of the shadows was a pair of fantastic incidents which occurred in my flight; incidents of no significance, yet which haunt me unceasingly when I am alone in certain marshy places or in the moonlight.
Among the Kaliris was an aged chief called Mwanu, who possessed not only a highly retentive memory, but a singular degree of intelligence and interest in old legends.
He spoke of the flame eyed Crusader who learnt wild secrets of the Saracens that held him captive; and of the first Sir Randolph Carter who studied magic when Elizabeth was queen.
That inspector's story must have worked on my imagination more deeply than I had suspected.
Once I sought out a celebrated ethnologist, and amused him with peculiar questions regarding the ancient Philistine legend of Dagon, the Fish God; but soon perceiving that he was hopelessly conventional, I did not press my inquiries.
They were not altogether crows, nor moles, nor buzzards, nor ants, nor vampire bats, nor decomposed human beings; but something I cannot and must not recall.
The body now twitched more vigorously, and beneath our avid eyes commenced to heave in a frightful way.
On Lammas Night, , Dr. Houghton of Aylesbury was hastily summoned by Wilbur Whateley, who had lashed his one remaining horse through the darkness and telephoned from Osborn's in the village.
Ye needn't think the only folks is the folks hereabaouts.
At the end of the passable road they alighted, and for miles splashed on in silence through the terrible cypress woods where day never came.
Suddenly out of the blackness the madly sawing bow struck me, and I knew I was close to the player.
There was a night when winds from unknown spaces whirled us irresistibly into limitless vacua beyond all thought and entity.
all over the reef an' swimmin' up the harbour into the Manuxet. . . .
That upstairs more ahead of me than I had thought it would be, and is not like to have much earth brain.
About , when Wilbur was a boy of ten whose mind, voice, stature, and bearded face gave all the impressions of maturity, a second great siege of carpentry went on at the old house.
My grandfather and his widowed son Walter now comprised the Cleveland household, but the memory of older times hung thickly over it.
Guided by a lightning flash I settled myself down behind a dense clump of vegetation, through which I could see the opening without being seen.
And on what remained of his chewed and gouged head there was no longer a face.
The chanting of the men from Arkham now became unmistakable, and Wheeler saw through the glass that they were all raising their arms in the rhythmic incantation.
There was some of it in Wilbur Whateley himself enough to make a devil and a precocious monster of him, and to make his passing out a pretty terrible sight.
God knows what that world can have been, or where he ever glimpsed the blasphemous shapes that loped and trotted and crawled through it; but whatever the baffling source of his images, one thing was plain.
I looked at the closed eyelids, and thought I detected a quivering.
They seemed to hate and fear him at the same time, and he seemed to return these sentiments.
I thought, too, of those nameless swimmers I had seen.
Believing I was now at a prodigious height, far above the accursed branches of the wood, I dragged myself up from the floor and fumbled about for windows, that I might look for the first time upon the sky, and the moon and stars of which I had read.
Pickman was in every sense in conception and in execution a thorough, painstaking, and almost scientific realist.
I must, I saw, trust to such makeshift barriers to shield me till I could get out the window and on the roof of the Paine Street block.
The grave was not very deep, but fully as good as that of the previous specimen the thing which had risen of itself and uttered a sound.
Stern as a Jewish prophet, and laconically unamazed as none since his day could be, he told of the beast that had brought forth what was more than beast but less than man the thing with the blemished eye and of the screaming drunken wretch that they hanged for having such an eye.
With the passage of time Klenze and I decided that we were still drifting south, meanwhile sinking deeper and deeper.
Meanwhile no more must be told.
It is an unfortunate fact that the bulk of humanity is too limited in its mental vision to weigh with patience and intelligence those isolated phenomena, seen and felt only by a psychologically sensitive few, which lie outside its common experience.
I thought I was prepared for the worst, and I really ought to have been prepared considering what I had seen before.
A weak, filtered glow from the rain harassed street lamps outside, and a feeble phosphorescence from the detestable fungi within, shewed the dripping stone of the walls, from which all traces of whitewash had vanished; the dank, foetid, and mildew tainted hard earth floor with its obscene fungi; the rotting remains of what had been stools, chairs, and tables, and other more shapeless furniture; the heavy planks and massive beams of the ground floor overhead; the decrepit plank door leading to bins and chambers beneath other parts of the house; the crumbling stone staircase with ruined wooden hand rail; and the crude and cavernous fireplace of blackened brick where rusted iron fragments revealed the past presence of hooks, andirons, spit, crane, and a door to the Dutch oven these things, and our austere cot and camp chairs, and the heavy and intricate destructive machinery we had brought.
The curious manuscript record or diary of Wilbur Whateley, delivered to Miskatonic University for translation, had caused much worry and bafflement among the experts in languages both ancient and modern; its very alphabet, notwithstanding a general resemblance to the heavily shaded Arabic used in Mesopotamia, being absolutely unknown to any available authority.
The fear, however, is an old tradition throughout the neighbouring villages; since it is a prime topic in the simple discourse of the poor mongrels who sometimes leave their valleys to trade hand woven baskets for such primitive necessities as they cannot shoot, raise, or make.
The texture of the majority was a kind of unpleasant rubberiness.
Upon the usurpation of Vitiges, Ibidus fell into disgrace and was for a time imprisoned; but the coming of the Byzantine Roman army under Belisarius soon restored him to liberty and honours.
Bizarre manifestations were now too frequent to count.
For there was a clearly visible living figure on that desolate island, and a second glance told him it was certainly the strange old woman whose sinister aspect had worked itself so disastrously into his dreams.
Legrasse and his men, it is true, have been let alone; but in Norway a certain seaman who saw things is dead.
Then there were any number of cellar views, with monsters creeping in through holes and rifts in the masonry and grinning as they squatted behind barrels or furnaces and waited for their first victim to descend the stairs.
And at last I resolved to scale that tower, fall though I might; since it were better to glimpse the sky and perish, than to live without ever beholding day.
He considered the auriferous cavities the result of the action of water, and believed the last of them would soon be opened.
As the first violence of Musides' grief gave place to resignation, he laboured with diligence upon his figure of Tyché.
Evidently the ticket agent had not exaggerated the dislike which local people bore toward Innsmouth and its denizens.
Saddened by these family misfortunes, the scientist sought relief in work, and made two long expeditions in the interior of Africa.
Down unpaved side streets I saw the black, gaping windows of deserted hovels, many of which leaned at perilous and incredible angles through the sinking of part of the foundations.
He did not succeed, and motioned to me to come to his assistance.
He got this in London, I guess he uster like ter buy things at the shops.
Then, when the mist would lift and the sea stand out prosy with the smoke of steamers, he would sigh and descend to the town, where he loved to thread the narrow olden lanes up and down hill, and study the crazy tottering gables and odd pillared doorways which had sheltered so many generations of sturdy sea folk.
It had long been my belief that human thought consists basically of atomic or molecular motion, convertible into ether waves of radiant energy like heat, light, and electricity.
Less than a week after our return to England, strange things began to happen.
The remaining two had gone back wordlessly to their mountains and this autumn not a single villager had disappeared.
Innsmouth itself was left almost depopulated, and is even now only beginning to shew signs of a sluggishly revived existence.
There was no use trying to evade it, for any alternative course would involve detours of possibly disastrous visibility and delaying effect.
He is Gustaf Johansen, a Norwegian of some intelligence, and had been second mate of the two masted schooner Emma of Auckland, which sailed for Callao February th with a complement of eleven men.
Thet feller bein' chopped up gives me a tickle every time I look at 'im I hev ta keep lookin' at 'im see whar the butcher cut off his feet?
In the waning light of day I alternately rattled the rusty impediments with a view to throwing wide the stone door, and essayed to squeeze my slight form through the space already provided; but neither plan met with success.
At the hospital they told me I had been found half frozen in Kingsport Harbour at dawn, clinging to the drifting spar that accident sent to save me.
He wants to see life as she is wants to know what the real lightnin' juice tastes like so jus' remember he's me friend an' treat 'im right.
Everybody was a listenin', an' we could hear lots o' folks on the wire a gaspin'.
Subtle Nature, convulsed with a spiritual ecstasy, like the froth of that region's quondam beverage, laid low the lofty and heaved high the humble and behold In the roseal dawn the burghers of Milwaukee rose to find a former prairie turned to a highland Vast and far reaching was the great upheaval.
He evidently feared the physical effect of violent emotion, yet his will and driving force waxed rather than waned, and he refused to be confined to his bed.
The old seaman, who had survived his son Welcome's death in battle by two years, had not himself known the legend; but recalled that his earliest nurse, the ancient Maria Robbins, seemed darkly aware of something that might have lent a weird significance to the French ravings of Rhoby Harris, which she had so often heard during the last days of that hapless woman.
Dombrowski, frantic at the failure of his constant rat poisoning efforts, cast aside all thought of his lease and within a week had moved with all his older lodgers to a dingy but less ancient house in Walnut Street.
It might be actively hostile, or it might be dictated merely by blind motives of self preservation.
We had met years before, in medical school, and from the first I had shared his terrible researches.
On the third morning occurred the first of the man's mental attacks.
The roof of the void, as seen whilst it was open, was not by any means thick; yet now the drills of the investigators met what appeared to be a limitless extent of solid rock.
For many months after that Kuranes sought the marvellous city of Celephaïs and its sky bound galleys in vain; and though his dreams carried him to many gorgeous and unheard of places, no one whom he met could tell him how to find Ooth Nargai, beyond the Tanarian Hills.
Fumbling in the rays of my flashlight, I found I could open the shutters; and in another moment had climbed outside and was carefully closing the aperture in its original manner.
Before the marble walls on the appointed night were pitched the pavilions of princes and the tents of travellers, and all the shore resounded with the song of happy revellers.
Herbert West, whose associate and assistant I was, possessed scientific interests far beyond the usual routine of a village physician.
There were also some curious muddy rat tracks leading out of a fresh hole and back into it again.
Though I well realised the futility of imaginative and metaphysical arguments against the complacency of an orthodox sun dweller, something in the scene of this afternoon colloquy moved me to more than usual contentiousness.
You can't imagine, even from what you have read and from what I've told you, the things I shall have to see and do.
And through this revolting graveyard of the universe the muffled, maddening beating of drums, and thin, monotonous whine of blasphemous flutes from inconceivable, unlighted chambers beyond Time; the detestable pounding and piping whereunto dance slowly, awkwardly, and absurdly the gigantic, tenebrous ultimate gods the blind, voiceless, mindless gargoyles whose soul is Nyarlathotep.
And that look in the staring eyed faces of my grandmother and self slain uncle might be sheer fancy on my part sheer fancy, bolstered up by the Innsmouth shadow which had so darkly coloured my imagination.
As I entered the abode of the friend so suddenly metamorphosed to a shivering gargoyle, I became infected with the terror which seemed stalking in all the shadows.
It seemed strange that old Gregory, at least, should desert his master without telling as tried a friend as I.
Whateley saw how things stood, and tried to answer lightly.
Death fires danced over the tombs, revealing gruesome vistas, though queerly failing to cast any shadows.
Well, Eliot, that was the end of the night's adventure.
Finally our combined strength loosened the stone, which we raised and tipped to one side.
They rotted quickly, and at one stage became slightly phosphorescent; so that nocturnal passers by sometimes spoke of witch fires glowing behind the broken panes of the foetor spreading windows.
Mr. Pope had just compleated his Epilogue to his Satires the Piece beginning: Not twice a Twelvemonth you appear in Print., and had arrang'd for its Publication.
It came, apparently, from the barn; and was quickly followed by a hideous screaming and stamping amongst the cattle.
In this year the servant Mehitabel died, and the other servant, Preserved Smith, left without coherent explanation or at least, with only some wild tales and a complaint that he disliked the smell of the place.
The picture was very vivid for a while, but gradually gave way to a more horrible conception; that of utter, absolute solitude in infinite, sightless, soundless space.
His motions and even his vocal sounds shewed a restraint and deliberateness highly peculiar in an infant, and no one was really unprepared when, at seven months, he began to walk unassisted, with falterings which another month was sufficient to remove.
It likewise became clear that, since the same solution never worked alike on different organic species, he would require human subjects for further and more specialised progress.
He ran freely about the fields and hills, and accompanied his mother on all her wanderings.
By this time the tree by the tomb had attained amazing proportions, exceeding all other trees of its kind, and sending out a singularly heavy branch above the apartment in which Musides laboured.
The marshy region began very shortly, with the single track on a low, grassy embankment where the weedy growth was somewhat thinner.
Now, noses protected by handkerchiefs, we tremblingly invaded the accursed south room which blazed with the warm sun of early afternoon.
Walking or running on such a surface was very difficult; but I did my best, and on the whole made very fair time.
The building was full of a frightful stench which Dr. Armitage knew too well, and the three men rushed across the hall to the small genealogical reading room whence the low whining came.
The street lights we first encountered had been of oil, and of the ancient lozenge pattern.
On the evening of September nd the last major barrier gave way, and Dr. Armitage read for the first time a continuous passage of Wilbur Whateley's annals.
Men advised one another to see Nyarlathotep, and shuddered.
It is not known how long Iranon tarried in Oonai, but one day the King brought to the palace some wild whirling dancers from the Liranian desert, and dusky flute players from Drinen in the East, and after that the revellers threw their roses not so much at Iranon as at the dancers and the flute players.
Past the churchyard, where there were no houses, I could see over the hill's summit and watch the glimmer of stars on the harbour, though the town was invisible in the dark.
I must find Bennett and Tobey, if they lived . . .
My progress was unimpeded, and no fresh sound arose to hint that I had been spied.
For years they stole over the wall each month when they could, and by stealth performed sartain acts.
At the same time the planted fields appear singularly few and barren; while the sparsely scattered houses wear a surprisingly uniform aspect of age, squalor, and dilapidation.
Here a body kin see all they is to it I s'pose 'tis sinful, but ain't we all born an' livin' in sin?
One canvas shewed a ring of them baying about a hanged witch on Gallows Hill, whose dead face held a close kinship to theirs.
We've had enough of the other stuff, but I for one need something.
Up the long drive rolled the coaches of the Boston gentry, whilst on foot came a numerous assemblage of powdered exquisites from the neighbouring mansions.
Beyond the worlds vague ghosts of monstrous things; half seen columns of unsanctified temples that rest on nameless rocks beneath space and reach up to dizzy vacua above the spheres of light and darkness.
Them as ud help special, ud git special rewards gold an' sech No use balkin', fer they was millions of 'em daown thar.
I'm going to prepare you as bluntly as I can.
In his experiments with various animating solutions he had killed and treated immense numbers of rabbits, guinea pigs, cats, dogs, and monkeys, till he had become the prime nuisance of the college.
These Great Old Ones, Castro continued, were not composed altogether of flesh and blood.
He was evidently given to working or lounging around the fish docks, and carried with him much of their characteristic smell.
The ridged, barrel shaped centre, the thin, radiating arms, the knobs at each end, and the flat, slightly outward curving starfish arms spreading from those knobs all were there.
Just as they galloped up the rising ground to the precipice a golden glare came somewhere out of the east and hid all the landscape in its effulgent draperies.
All around him stretched the bleak emptiness of salt marshes, while the narrow road ahead led to Innsmouth that ancient, half deserted town which Arkham people were so curiously unwilling to visit.
Disliking the sight, I turned away and entered the chamber beyond the Gothic door.
He merely pointed to a book of prodigious size which lay open on the table, while the beldame thrust a huge grey quill into Gilman's right hand.
Later he insulted Mr. Burke in so intolerable a Manner, that we all took Pains to shew our Disapproval; after which Incident he came no more to our Meetings.
The labourers were not as happy as they might have been, for most of them seemed uneasy over some dream which they had had, yet which they tried in vain to remember.
That was seven years before, but West looked scarcely a day older now he was small, blond, clean shaven, soft voiced, and spectacled, with only an occasional flash of a cold blue eye to tell of the hardening and growing fanaticism of his character under the pressure of his terrible investigations.
Poor John His Son fared better, I think, and was made a Baronet.
This work was not known to the fashionable clientele who had so swiftly built up his fame after his arrival in Boston; but was only too well known to me, who had been his closest friend and sole assistant since the old days in Miskatonic University Medical School at Arkham.
I had been travelling for some time amongst the people of the Miskatonic Valley in quest of certain genealogical data; and from the remote, devious, and problematical nature of my course, had deemed it convenient to employ a bicycle despite the lateness of the season.
Remains of Them, he said the deathless Chinamen had told him, were still to be found as Cyclopean stones on islands in the Pacific.
I never heard of Innsmouth till the day before I saw it for the first and so far last time.
The situation was almost past management, and deaths ensued too frequently for the local undertakers fully to handle.
You tried to stop me; you discouraged me when I needed every drop of encouragement I could get; you were afraid of the cosmic truth, you damned coward, but now I've got you What swept up the servants?
That night the wanderers left Ulthar, and were never seen again.
On the night of which I speak we had a splendid new specimen a man at once physically powerful and of such high mentality that a sensitive nervous system was assured.
For that the man always watched and listened no one could doubt.
A struggle, a needle, and a powerful alkaloid had transformed it to a very fresh corpse, and the experiment had succeeded for a brief and memorable moment; but West had emerged with a soul calloused and seared, and a hardened eye which sometimes glanced with a kind of hideous and calculating appraisal at men of especially sensitive brain and especially vigorous physique.
They seemed sullenly banded together in some sort of fellowship and understanding despising the world as if they had access to other and preferable spheres of entity.
Its clearness was astonishing and unprecedented and as I watched I seemed to see again the thin, yellowish, shimmering exhalation which had startled me on that rainy afternoon so many years before.
On the right and left, however, some ancient brick business blocks abutted on the hotel; their slant roofs coming up to a reasonable jumping distance from my fourth story level.
The tracks on the flooring were certainly vastly unlike the average prints of a rat, but even Choynski and Desrochers would not admit that they were like the prints of four tiny human hands.
And yet, as the members severally shook their heads and confessed defeat at the Inspector's problem, there was one man in that gathering who suspected a touch of bizarre familiarity in the monstrous shape and writing, and who presently told with some diffidence of the odd trifle he knew.
Another thing which puzzled and disturbed me, even in some of the best preserved mansions, was the tightly shuttered condition of many third story and attic windows.
In my donations I was careful not to overshoot the mark, for I did not wish Zadok's vinous garrulousness to pass into a stupor.
The expression on its features was repellent in the extreme, savouring at once of death, bestiality, and malevolence.
He must have been trapped by the sinking whilst within his black abyss, or else the world would by now be screaming with fright and frenzy.
The thing, it was averred, was biologically impossible to start with; merely another of those crazy country mutterings which Cotton Mather had been gullible enough to dump into his chaotic Magnalia Christi Americana, and so poorly authenticated that even he had not ventured to name the locality where the horror occurred.
It was called, she said, The Esoteric Order of Dagon, and was undoubtedly a debased, quasi pagan thing imported from the East a century before, at a time when the Innsmouth fisheries seemed to be going barren.
And he said that the young man we had found and tossed overboard was their leader.
I shall go to those poles when the earth is cleared off, if I can't break through with the Dho Hna formula when I commit it.
For a moment I simply held my breath and waited.
He had nervously telephoned his wife he would not be home, and when she brought him a breakfast from the house he could scarcely dispose of a mouthful.
It was at : P.M., August , that poor Klenze went wholly mad.
He was in the changeless, legend haunted city of Arkham, with its clustering gambrel roofs that sway and sag over attics where witches hid from the King's men in the dark, olden days of the Province.
Accordingly abandoning it as a route, I cautiously moved the bedstead against it to hamper any attack which might be made on it later from the next room.
In the radical theory of reanimation they saw nothing but the immature vagaries of a youthful enthusiast whose slight form, yellow hair, spectacled blue eyes, and soft voice gave no hint of the supernormal almost diabolical power of the cold brain within.
Though I knew that death was near, my curiosity was consuming; and I threw the searchlight's beam about in eager quest.
Baffled, the excavators sought a conference with the Superintendent, who ordered great lengths of rope to be taken to the pit, and spliced and lowered without cessation till a bottom might be discovered.
The jumble of French changed to a cry in English, and the hoarse voice shouted excitedly, My breath, my breath Then the awakening became complete, and with a subsidence of facial expression to the normal state my uncle seized my hand and began to relate a dream whose nucleus of significance I could only surmise with a kind of awe.
If you had moved, they would have been at you long ago.
It had to be done my way artificial preservation for you see I died that time eighteen years ago.
So liberal, indeed, was the discipline of our captors, that five days after we were taken I managed to escape alone in a small boat with water and provisions for a good length of time.
In a moment I understood that he meant to open the hatch and plunge with me into the water outside, a vagary of suicidal and homicidal mania for which I was scarcely prepared.
The open book lay flat between us, with the picture staring repulsively upward.
The odour of the fish was maddening; but I was too much concerned with graver things to mind so slight an evil, and set out boldly for an unknown goal.
About two o'clock he went out for lunch, and as he threaded the narrow lanes of the city he found himself turning always to the southeast.
Now that very stone formed the centre of a vast space thrashed around by the mountainous horror, whilst upon its slightly concave surface was a thick and foetid deposit of the same tarry stickiness observed on the floor of the ruined Whateley farmhouse when the horror escaped.
This was always at night in the day he slept and would admit no one.
No doubt her practical heritage and superficial knowledge of the Dark Continent had caused her to flout Sir Wade's talk of the interior, a thing which such a man would not be likely to forgive.
Mr. Ricci and Mr. Silva were to interview the poor old gentleman, whilst Mr. Czanek waited for them and their presumable metallic burden with a covered motor car in Ship Street, by the gate in the tall rear wall of their host's grounds.
To me there was nothing grotesque in the bones and skeletons that strowed some of the stone crypts deep down among the foundations.
I told them of the vault, and they pointed to the unbroken plaster wall and laughed.
A definite point among the stars had a claim on him and was calling him.
My room, a dismal rear one with two windows and bare, cheap furnishings, overlooked a dingy courtyard otherwise hemmed in by low, deserted brick blocks, and commanded a view of decrepit westward stretching roofs with a marshy countryside beyond.
After a time he became noticeably unbalanced, gazing for hours at his ivory image and weaving fanciful stories of the lost and forgotten things under the sea.
Legal evidence was lacking, but the story spread rapidly round the countryside; and from that time the Martenses were ostracised by the world.
In all these streets no living thing was visible, and I wondered at the complete absense of cats and dogs from Innsmouth.
The rabble were in terror, for upon an evil tenement had fallen a red death beyond the foulest previous crime of the neighbourhood.
It was the porcelain miniature of a young man in a smartly curled bag wig, and bore the initials J.
He had read of it with interest, for the paper had told about some strange burrows or passages found in the rocky hill beneath.
In the centre of Sarnath they lay, covering a great space and encircled by a high wall.
Those scars was it like that?
Though not as yet licenced physicians, we now had our degrees, and were pressed frantically into public service as the numbers of the stricken grew.
If heaven is merciful, it will some day efface from my consciousness the sight that I saw, and let me live my last years in peace.
As I turned, I dreaded what I was to see; for the scream had been in my uncle's voice, and I knew not against what menace I should have to defend him and myself.
Perhaps it was his mountain freedom that he missed, or perhaps the turmoil in his brain had grown too acute for his rather sluggish physique; but at all events the flame of vitality flickered low in the decadent body.
O Aira, city of marble and beryl, how many are thy beauties How loved I the warm and fragrant groves across the hyaline Nithra, and the falls of the tiny Kra that flowed through the verdant valley In those groves and in that vale the children wove wreaths for one another, and at dusk I dreamed strange dreams under the yath trees on the mountain as I saw below me the lights of the city, and the curving Nithra reflecting a ribbon of stars.
Earl Sawyer now took the telescope and reported the three figures as standing on the topmost ridge, virtually level with the altar stone but at a considerable distance from it.
Collapsing huddles of gambrel roofs formed a jagged and fantastic skyline, above which rose the ghoulish, decapitated steeple of an ancient church.
While hatless and dishevelled after my arduous climb, I did not look especially noticeable; and stood a good chance of passing unheeded if forced to encounter any casual wayfarer.
The light was not white but violet, and seemed less like true light than like some radio active bombardment.
Henry Wheeler strained his eye at the telescope, but saw only the three grotesquely silhouetted human figures on the peak, all moving their arms furiously in strange gestures as their incantation drew near its culmination.
And it was the high priest Gnai Kah who first saw the shadows that descended from the gibbous moon into the lake, and the damnable green mists that arose from the lake to meet the moon and to shroud in a sinister haze the towers and the domes of fated Sarnath.
To this day I do not know whether they saw me or not.
But repugnance was soon forgotten in admiration, for the strange physician's extreme skill at once became manifest despite the ice coldness and shakiness of his bloodless looking hands.
There was a rift where a part of the substance was folded over.
A weird bunch of cuttings, all told; and I can at this date scarcely envisage the callous rationalism with which I set them aside.
During the 'nineties he dabbled in Satanism, and at all times he devoured avidly any doctrine or theory which seemed to promise escape from the close vistas of science and the dully unvarying laws of Nature.
Manton, though smaller than I, is more resilient; for we opened our eyes at almost the same instant, despite his greater injuries.
We had at last what West had always longed for a real dead man of the ideal kind, ready for the solution as prepared according to the most careful calculations and theories for human use.
Amidst such stupendous ruin only chaos dwelt, and the representatives of two cities left disappointed; Syracusans that they had no statue to bear home, Tegeans that they had no artist to crown.
I had first Knowledge of the Doctor in May of the year , tho' I did not at that Time meet him.
In a second all my plans were utterly changed for if the southward highway were blocked ahead of me, I must clearly find another egress from Innsmouth.
Then Donovan felt over it delicately around the edge, pressing each point separately as he went.
The statuette, idol, fetish, or whatever it was, had been captured some months before in the wooded swamps south of New Orleans during a raid on a supposed voodoo meeting; and so singular and hideous were the rites connected with it, that the police could not but realise that they had stumbled on a dark cult totally unknown to them, and infinitely more diabolic than even the blackest of the African voodoo circles.
He also cut timber and began to repair the unused parts of his house a spacious, peaked roofed affair whose rear end was buried entirely in the rocky hillside, and whose three least ruined ground floor rooms had always been sufficient for himself and his daughter.
Subsequently many went to visit Kalos, and indeed noticed the pallor of his face; but there was about him a happy serenity which made his glance more magical than the glance of Musides who was clearly distracted with anxiety, and who pushed aside all the slaves in his eagerness to feed and wait upon his friend with his own hands.
The shutter rattled more loudly, unfastened, and commenced slamming against the window.
The odour of the place repelled yet bewitched me.
Now, as the baying of that dead, fleshless monstrosity grows louder and louder, and the stealthy whirring and flapping of those accursed web wings circles closer and closer, I shall seek with my revolver the oblivion which is my only refuge from the unnamed and unnamable.
In ten minutes my mind was made up, and taking my hat I set out for home, where I bathed, ate, and gave by telephone an order for a pickaxe, a spade, a military gas mask, and six carboys of sulphuric acid, all to be delivered the next morning at the cellar door of the shunned house in Benefit Street.
With strange art were they builded, for no other city had houses like them; and travellers from Thraa and Ilarnek and Kadatheron marvelled at the shining domes wherewith they were surmounted.
It was a lambent glow of this sort which always played about the old woman and the small furry thing in those lighter, sharper dreams which prefaced his plunge into unknown abysses, and the thought that a wakeful second person could see the dream luminance was utterly beyond sane harbourage.
Push carts crowded the gutters.
My attitude was still one of absolute materialism, as I wish it still were, and I discounted with almost inexplicable perversity the coincidence of the dream notes and odd cuttings collected by Professor Angell.
He put his hands up to them, but found that they did not even approximately fit.
The following months were void of visible events, save that everyone swore to a slow but steady increase in the mysterious hill noises.
He had not dared to peer, he told Mazurewicz, after he had glimpsed that light through the cracks around the door.
The shriek of fright and impotent malice emitted by the would be assassin proved too much for my already shaken nerves, and I fell prone upon the slimy floor in a total faint.
They believed all sorts of things and maybe they saw all sorts of things, too, for the Middle Ages had some curious phases.
No railroad now B. M. never went through, and the branch line from Rowley was given up years ago.
Glad ta see ye, young Sir new faces is scurce arount here, an' I hain't got much ta cheer me up these days.
they rattled our door, but pa wouldn't open . . .
Some frightful influence, I felt, was seeking gradually to drag me out of the sane world of wholesome life into unnamable abysses of blackness and alienage; and the process told heavily on me.
One case, which the note describes with emphasis, was very sad.
The old woman had been dragging the youth, while around the feet of the negro a tame rat was rubbing and weaving in the brown mud.
And as we sailed madly away from that damnable coast the bearded man spoke at last, saying: This is Xura, the Land of Pleasures Unattained.
The landlady, a slatternly, almost bearded Spanish woman named Herrero, did not annoy me with gossip or with criticisms of the late burning electric light in my third floor front hall room; and my fellow lodgers were as quiet and uncommunicative as one might desire, being mostly Spaniards a little above the coarsest and crudest grade.
Each would have fled had he not feared the scorn of the others, and it was only half heartedly that they searched vainly, as it proved for some portable souvenir to bear away.
The general tension was horrible.
More than ever Kuranes wished to sail in a galley to the far places of which he had heard so many strange tales, and he sought again the captain who had agreed to carry him so long ago.
I will tell only of the lone tomb in the darkest of the hillside thickets; the deserted tomb of the Hydes, an old and exalted family whose last direct descendant had been laid within its black recesses many decades before my birth.
Later traded to Jacques Caboche, another settler, it was in lost in a game of chess or poker to a newcomer named Hans Zimmerman; being used by him as a beer stein until one day, under the spell of its contents, he suffered it to roll from his front stoop to the prairie path before his home where, falling into the burrow of a prairie dog, it passed beyond his power of discovery or recovery upon his awaking.
Dazedness was uppermost, and I could scarcely recall what was dream and what was reality.
In the morning it had been underfoot; afternoon found it rising in the southeast, and now it was roughly south but wheeling toward the west.
I fantastically associated these things with every day events, and thought them more natural than the coloured pictures of living beings which I found in many of the mouldy books.
This man, a vagabond, hunter, and trapper, had always been strange in the eyes of his primitive associates.
At one bend he saw the group of giant elms among which an ancestor had oddly vanished a century and a half before, and shuddered as the wind blew meaningly through them.
Drowsiness is so stifling, and dreams are so horrible. . . .
After dark a rattling was heard at the door leading from the cellar into the courtyard; and a stable boy saw Arthur Jermyn, glistening from head to foot with oil and redolent of that fluid, steal furtively out and vanish on the black moor surrounding the house.
Professor Upham especially liked his demonstration of the kinship of higher mathematics to certain phases of magical lore transmitted down the ages from an ineffable antiquity human or pre human whose knowledge of the cosmos and its laws was greater than ours.
The hideous occurrence itself was very simple, notable only for what it implied.
Reports of the coming cohort must have reached the hills, and even the lack of a final decision could not make the rumour less alarming yet there were the sinister drums as of yore, as if the celebrants had some peculiar reason to be indifferent whether or not the forces of the Roman People marched against them.
Warped and bigoted with preconceived illusions of justice, freedom, and consistency, they cast off the old lore and the old ways with the old beliefs; nor ever stopped to think that that lore and those ways were the sole makers of their present thoughts and judgments, and the sole guides and standards in a meaningless universe without fixed aims or stable points of reference.
He himself was generally as terrified and baffled as his auditors, and within an hour after awakening would forget all that he had said, or at least all that had caused him to say what he did; relapsing into a bovine, half amiable normality like that of the other hill dwellers.
It had already begun as soon as Wilbur was born, when one of the many tool sheds had been put suddenly in order, clapboarded, and fitted with a stout fresh lock.
He had cried out in the night, arousing several other artists in the building, and had manifested since then only alternations of unconsciousness and delirium.
Some time before noon his physician, Dr. Hartwell, called to see him and insisted that he cease work.
It is not reassuring to see, on a closer glance, that most of the houses are deserted and falling to ruin, and that the broken steepled church now harbours the one slovenly mercantile establishment of the hamlet.
The first revelation led to an exhaustive research, and finally to that shuddering quest which proved so disastrous to myself and mine.
He had refused to take pay for it, and only long afterward did I guess why.
Also, Dombrowski must attend to the poisoning of those rats in the walls.
ff ff ff FATHER FATHER YOG SOTHOTH . .
Something else had gone on ahead a larger wisp which now and then condensed into nameless approximations of form and he thought that their progress had not been in a straight line, but rather along the alien curves and spirals of some ethereal vortex which obeyed laws unknown to the physics and mathematics of any conceivable cosmos.
The small paned windows were largely broken, and a nameless air of desolation hung round the precarious panelling, shaky interior shutters, peeling wall paper, falling plaster, rickety staircases, and such fragments of battered furniture as still remained.
How did he know the time when Nahab and her acolyte were due to bear the brimming bowl which would follow the black cock and the black goat?
Anxious to leave Washington Street, I broke into a quiet dog trot, trusting to luck not to encounter any observing eye.
It was I who fled frantically out of Innsmouth in the early morning hours of July , , and whose frightened appeals for government inquiry and action brought on the whole reported episode.
After the beams came clouds, and then I slept.
In the autumn of Phebe Harris gave birth to a still born daughter, and on the fifteenth of the next May Mercy Dexter took leave of a useful, austere, and virtuous life.
In time there were no more swords, three cornered hats, or periwigs in The Street.
His questioning grew more than medically tense, and his hands shook as he dressed the mangled members; binding them as if he wished to get the wounds out of sight as quickly as possible.
The wind shrieked more horribly, and both the Syracusans and the Arcadians prayed to Aiolos.
I began to realise how some of poor Klenze's moods had arisen, for as the temple drew me more and more, I feared its aqueous abysses with a blind and mounting terror.
The Kanakys told 'em as haow folks from the other islands might wanta wipe 'em aout ef they got wind o' their bein' thar, but they says they dun't keer much, because they cud wipe aout the hull brood o' humans ef they was willin' to bother that is, any as didn't hev sarten signs sech as was used onct by the lost Old Ones, whoever they was.
The stench left quickly, but the vegetation never came right again.
He was alive, and with open, staring eyes, but seemed largely unconscious.
One of them was crumbling down at the top, and in that and another there were only black gaping holes where clock dials should have been.
Ronald Hill, only to be shot down when directly over his destination.
Maybe he did, for I dare say the rock formation was interesting, and it's just barely possible he was looking for pirate loot and maybe finding it; but there was talk of his dealing with daemons there.
He could not recall having seen the original of this thing except in his own dream bas relief, but the outlines had formed themselves insensibly under his hands.
Scenes were blocked out with extreme care, and pencilled guide lines told of the minute exactitude which Pickman used in getting the right perspective and proportions.
And in a few years more, men built cabins on the south side of The Street.
What relation it had to the French ravings of Rhoby Harris and other inhabitants of the shunned house, imagination or future discovery alone could determine.
From the watchman's cabin, however, gleamed a small square of yellow light like a guardian eye.
His blue eyes were bulging, glassy, and sightless, and the frantic playing had become a blind, mechanical, unrecognisable orgy that no pen could even suggest.
The year must have been in the late republic, for the province was still ruled by a senatorial proconsul instead of a prætorian legate of Augustus, and the day was the first before the Kalends of November.
After about three quarters of an hour without the least sign of life he disappointedly pronounced the solution inadequate, but determined to make the most of his opportunity and try one change in the formula before disposing of his ghastly prize.
In summer the gardens were cooled with fresh odorous breezes skilfully wafted by fans, and in winter they were heated with concealed fires, so that in those gardens it was always spring.
Manton remained thoughtful as I said this, but gradually reverted to his analytical mood.
It is rather fortunate that Elwood was not in Arkham in that later year when certain events abruptly renewed the local whispers about elder horrors.
He was vaguely glad they were locked, because the more he saw of that house the less he wished to get in.
Apparently the horror had descended by a route much the same as that of its ascent.
Then, after a short interval, the form in the corner stirred; and may pitying heaven keep from my sight and sound another thing like that which took place before me.
My sense of restlessness returned, though I did not exhibit it.
I don't believe they've had any glass for an hundred years or more maybe the boy broke 'em if he got that far; the legend doesn't say.
Human utterance can best convey the general character of our experiences by calling them plungings or soarings; for in every period of revelation some part of our minds broke boldly away from all that is real and present, rushing aërially along shocking, unlighted, and fear haunted abysses, and occasionally tearing through certain well marked and typical obstacles describable only as viscous, uncouth clouds or vapours.
Besides, what was found might possibly have more than one explanation.
Generation after generation lived and felt and died there, and in days when people weren't afraid to live and feel and die.
I have said that I am a constant speculator concerning dream life, and from this you may judge of the eagerness with which I applied myself to the study of the new patient as soon as I had fully ascertained the facts of his case.
I have described my protracted digging as idiotic, and such it indeed was in object and method.
It had seemed to follow a whirring that was not of the old woman's spinning wheel.
And now he was equally resentful of awaking, for he had found his fabulous city after forty weary years.
Everybody shrieked when a large rat like form suddenly jumped out from beneath the ensanguined bedclothes and scuttled across the floor to a fresh, open hole close by.
All the strangeness and expectancy of his recent dreams seemed present in this hushed and unearthly landscape, and he thought of the unknown solitudes of other planets as his eyes traced out the velvet and deserted lawns shining undulant between their tumbled walls, the clumps of faery forest setting off far lines of purple hills beyond hills, and the spectral wooded valley dipping down in shadow to dank hollows where trickling waters crooned and gurgled among swollen and distorted roots.
He thought a photograph quite as good as an actual scene or model for sustained work, and declared he employed them regularly.
They didn't git him, he muttered in his heavy bass voice.
He was very deliberate, and spoke with an air of feeling slightly superior to what he said.
When the driver came out of the store I looked at him more carefully and tried to determine the source of my evil impression.
West had soon learned that absolute freshness was the prime requisite for useful specimens, and had accordingly resorted to frightful and unnatural expedients in body snatching.
I did not like it, and debated whether I had better try to sleep at all.
Waiting seemed very long to Mr. Czanek as he fidgeted restlessly in the covered motor car by the Terrible Old Man's back gate in Ship Street.
As it was, we hoped desperately that the storm would last until well after dark; and with that hope turned from our aimless hillside searching toward the nearest inhabited hamlet to gather a body of squatters as helpers in the investigation.
Well do I remember the night of the great Aurora, when over the swamp played the shocking coruscations of the daemon light.
This, however, implied that all roads leading out of Innsmouth were similarly patrolled; for the denizens could not have known what route I intended to take.
Ugly roots and malignant hanging nooses of Spanish moss beset them, and now and then a pile of dank stones or fragment of a rotting wall intensified by its hint of morbid habitation a depression which every malformed tree and every fungous islet combined to create.
At length I approached that time which I had so long viewed with apprehension.
On his initiative we combed the countryside for information regarding the terrible Martense family, and discovered a man who possessed a marvellously illuminating ancestral diary.
The admiralty will institute an inquiry on the whole matter beginning tomorrow, at which every effort will be made to induce Johansen to speak more freely than he has done hitherto.
In the summer and autumn of I dwelt in the drear expanses of the Cactus Mountains, employed as a common labourer at the celebrated Norton Mine; whose discovery by an aged prospector some years before had turned the surrounding region from a nearly unpeopled waste to a seething cauldron of sordid life.
Yes, that paper was the reason I dropped Pickman; Richard Upton Pickman, the greatest artist I have ever known and the foulest being that ever leaped the bounds of life into the pits of myth and madness.
As he bathed and changed clothes he tried to recall what he had dreamed after the scene in the violet litten space, but nothing definite would crystallise in his mind.
Several times he seemed near daylight, only to be set back by some unforeseen obstacle.
It was I who thought of the deserted Chapman farmhouse beyond Meadow Hill, where we fitted up on the ground floor an operating room and a laboratory, each with dark curtains to conceal our midnight doings.
As time wore along, his absorption in the irregular wall and ceiling of his room increased; for he began to read into the odd angles a mathematical significance which seemed to offer vague clues regarding their purpose.
In a short time I realised that I must tell my story to someone or break down completely.
She could not tell the police, for they never believed such things.
Yet after all, the sight was worse than I had dreaded.
You have heard of the pineal gland?
Such a thing was surely not a physical or biochemical impossibility in the light of a newer science which includes the theories of relativity and intra atomic action.
That night something of youth and beauty died in the elder world.
But always I shall guard against the mocking and insatiate Hypnos, lord of sleep, against the night sky, and against the mad ambitions of knowledge and philosophy.
It is curious that although he differed so widely from the mass of Hispanicised and tribal Indians, Romero gave not the least impression of Caucasian blood.
I knew not who I was or what I was, or what my surroundings might be; though as I continued to stumble along I became conscious of a kind of fearsome latent memory that made my progress not wholly fortuitous.
It undulated too much, and glistened too brightly in the rays of the now westering moon.
Then one night the red and fattened Romnod snorted heavily amidst the poppied silks of his banquet couch and died writhing, whilst Iranon, pale and slender, sang to himself in a far corner.
Shaking pathetically, the old man forced me into a chair whilst he sank into another, beside which his viol and bow lay carelessly on the floor.
Grandson of Captain Obed Marsh, who founded the business.
Nobody around here or in Arkham or Ipswich will have anything to do with 'em, and they act kind of offish themselves when they come to town or when anyone tries to fish on their grounds.
Nex' day Obed an' thutty two others was in gaol, with everbody a wonderin' jest what was afoot an' jest what charge agin' 'em cud be got to holt.
When the last of the band was out of sight I resumed my progress; darting around the corner into Lafayette Street, and crossing Eliot very hurriedly lest stragglers of the party be still advancing along that thoroughfare.
why cannot the doctors give me something to make me sleep, or truly calm my brain when it thunders?
During the day the patient regained consciousness at times and whispered his newest dream disjointedly to Elwood.
It was without warning that Romero, after clambering down one of the many rude ladders, broke into a run and left me alone.
. and some thought a crashing sound followed the breaking off of the exclamation.
As I have said before, the weird studies of Harley Warren were well known to me, and to some extent shared by me.
Finally I saw a green litten plain far below me, and discerned on it the twisted towers of a city built in no fashion I had ever known or read of or dreamed of.
The later action of the government, after my frantic appeals, would tend to confirm it as a monstrous truth; but could not an hallucination have been repeated under the quasi hypnotic spell of that ancient, haunted, and shadowed town?
But in a new country you can get used to it.
The really inexplicable thing was the way in which the victims ignorant people, for the ill smelling and widely shunned house could now be rented to no others would babble maledictions in French, a language they could not possibly have studied to any extent.
It was not the portrait of one whom an underworld denizen would be likely to know, but of a lady of breeding and quality, garbed in the quaint attire of thirty years before.
It was not like the very old folk to spare their victims at the Sabbath.
Therefore instead of trying the door I knocked, feeling as I did so a trepidation I could scarcely explain.
The note implored me in the name of mercy, and for the sake of my own curiosity, to wait where I was while he prepared a full account in German of all the marvels and terrors which beset him.
I heard a clock strike somewhere not ours, for that was not a striking clock and my morbid fancy found in this a new starting point for idle wanderings.
Seems they was some of the things alive in the stone buildin's when the island come up sudden to the surface.
When I went delirious at hearing that the hospital stood near the old churchyard on Central Hill, they sent me to St. Mary's Hospital in Arkham, where I could have better care.
They're hard to get started, but once they do get started they never let up.
The men were not pleased at his punishment, but discipline was necessary.
It would be useless to describe the playing of Erich Zann on that dreadful night.
He developed strange caprices, acquiring a fondness for exotic spices and Egyptian incense till his room smelled like the vault of a sepulchred Pharaoh in the Valley of Kings.
He was, however, exceedingly ugly despite his appearance of brilliancy; there being something almost goatish or animalistic about his thick lips, large pored, yellowish skin, coarse crinkly hair, and oddly elongated ears.
My next step was to re examine with microscopic care the deserted hamlet where death had come most abundantly, and where Arthur Munroe had seen something he never lived to describe.
The story is that there's a whole legion of devils seen sometimes on that reef sprawled about, or darting in and out of some kind of caves near the top.
He half felt that he was followed a psychological delusion of shaken nerves, enhanced by the undeniably disturbing fact that at least one of our reanimated specimens was still alive a frightful carnivorous thing in a padded cell at Sefton.
It was frightful beyond conception; toward the last, when a curious blend of servant and baby visages flickered close to the fungous floor where a pool of greenish grease was spreading, it seemed as though the shifting features fought against themselves, and strove to form contours like those of my uncle's kindly face.
I had been assured that the old man could do nothing but hint at wild, disjointed, and incredible legends, and I had been warned that the natives made it unsafe to be seen talking to him; yet the thought of this aged witness to the town's decay, with memories going back to the early days of ships and factories, was a lure that no amount of reason could make me resist.
This time, on the fourteenth of November, my quest concerned itself mostly with the slopes of Cone Mountain and Maple Hill where they overlook the unfortunate hamlet, and I gave particular attention to the loose earth of the landslide region on the latter eminence.
West, in the midst of a severe battle, had reanimated Major Sir Eric Moreland Clapham Lee, D.S.O., a fellow physician who knew about his experiments and could have duplicated them.
He had refused a stimulant, and had suddenly dropped dead only a moment later.
Shadows thickened around him, for the night was near.
Wudn't bother no strangers as might bear tales aoutside that is, withaout they got pryin'.
He had not forgotten the criticism aroused when Hannah Bixby's relatives, wishing to transport her body to the cemetery in the city whither they had moved, found the casket of Judge Capwell beneath her headstone.
The tower at length finished, and his aching arms rested by a pause during which he sat on the bottom step of his grim device, Birch cautiously ascended with his tools and stood abreast of the narrow transom.
It doesn't seem to me that earth can hold a dream like that It was a colossal and nameless blasphemy with glaring red eyes, and it held in bony claws a thing that had been a man, gnawing at the head as a child nibbles at a stick of candy.
Seeing a possible means of avoiding the dangerous jump, I yanked at the hangings and brought them down, pole and all; then quickly hooking two of the rings in the shutter catch and flinging the drapery outside.
As the moon climbed higher in the sky, I began to see that the slopes of the valley were not quite so perpendicular as I had imagined.
Shortly afterward I was taken through those antique ways so dear to my fancy narrow, curving alleys and passages where rows of red Georgian brick blinked with small paned dormers above pillared doorways that had looked on gilded sedans and panelled coaches and in the first flush of realisation of these long wished things I thought I had indeed achieved such treasures as would make me in time a poet.
They had to do with some preposterous legend of the bog, and of a grim guardian spirit that dwelt in the strange olden ruin on the far islet I had seen in the sunset.
Geological considerations had dictated an extension of the mine directly downward from the deepest part of the subterranean area; and the belief of the Superintendent that only solid rock would be encountered, had led to the placing of a prodigious charge of dynamite.
Never could they realise that their brute foundations were as shifting and contradictory as the gods of their elders, and that the satisfaction of one moment is the bane of the next.
Outwardly he was the same to the last calm, cold, slight, and yellow haired, with spectacled blue eyes and a general aspect of youth which years and fears seemed never to change.
On the morning of July we sighted a warship flying American colours, and the men became very restless in their desire to surrender.
So through endless twilights I dreamed and waited, though I knew not what I waited for.
Then the trees thinned, and far below him on his right he saw the hills and antique roofs and spires of Kingsport.
Gradually I had come to be his inseparable assistant, and now that we were out of college we had to keep together.
Slowly, amidst the distorted horrors of that indescribable scene, she began to churn the lethal waters; whilst on the masonry of that charnel shore that was not of earth the titan Thing from the stars slavered and gibbered like Polypheme cursing the fleeing ship of Odysseus.
The characters along the base were equally baffling; and no member present, despite a representation of half the world's expert learning in this field, could form the least notion of even their remotest linguistic kinship.
Picking up my pack, I started for the crest of the eminence.
My reason for going ahead to Babson was that I wished neither to re cross the earlier open space nor to begin my westward course along a cross street as broad as South.
Certainly, I look forward impatiently to the sight of that great silver key, for in its cryptical arabesques there may stand symbolised all the aims and mysteries of a blindly impersonal cosmos.
A swirling vapour hid everything but the immediate sloping terrain from sight, and he shrank from the thought of the sounds that might surge out of that vapour.
He would have given much for a lantern or bit of candle; but lacking these, bungled semi sightlessly as best he might.
They spoke of old Keziah Mason, and Elwood agreed that Gilman had good scientific grounds for thinking she might have stumbled on strange and significant information.
There was also that Arkham professor's body which had done cannibal things before it had been captured and thrust unidentified into a madhouse cell at Sefton, where it beat the walls for sixteen years.
Here we were comparatively calm, despite a somewhat puzzling southward current which we could not identify from our oceanographic charts.
Charter Street, it turned out to be, but I was too flustered to notice just where we hit it.
From the medical and court documents we learned all that could be gathered of his case.
Behold, when I was small like thee I dwelt in the valley of Narthos by the frigid Xari, where none would listen to my dreams; and I told myself that when older I would go to Sinara on the southern slope, and sing to smiling dromedary men in the market place.
The youth's eyes glistened and his nostrils curled at the fumes of the brownish fluid which an attendant was pouring out for him.
It was queer damnably queer and my uncle spoke almost sheepishly, as if half expecting not to be believed, when he declared that of the strange faces many had unmistakably borne the features of the Harris family.
All this was flagrant trashiness, and my friend Manton was not slow to insist on that fact.
On the left the floor fell abruptly away, leaving a black triangular gulf out of which, after a second's dry rattling, there presently climbed the hateful little furry thing with the yellow fangs and bearded human face.
For example, the servant gossip was practically unanimous in attributing to the fungous and malodorous cellar of the house a vast supremacy in evil influence.
He had evidently sought refuge on the very ship which had been forced to destroy his own one more victim of the unjust war of aggression which the English pig dogs are waging upon the Fatherland.
Nothing was heard for some time; just how long Soames cannot exactly estimate; but it was certainly less than a quarter of an hour later that the horrible scream, undoubtedly in Jermyn's voice, was heard.
The older matters which had made the sculptor's dream and bas relief so significant to my uncle formed the subject of the second half of his long manuscript.
We were no vulgar ghouls, but worked only under certain conditions of mood, landscape, environment, weather, season, and moonlight.
At length they emerged on a muddy road to find the sun coming out.
He climbed interminably along the grotesque stone moulding that is, one would call it climbing if the thing was not after all horizontal and the men wondered how any door in the universe could be so vast.
It would not let me sleep, and in impatience I sprang up and paced the floor.
His interest gradually veered away from the unplumbed voids beyond the slanting surfaces, since it now appeared that the purpose of those surfaces concerned the side he was already on.
Namby pamby sort ever heard of her?
And a violet coloured gas told him that this part of space was outside what he had called infinity.
There was no one in the corridor.
I can still see Herbert West under the sinister electric light as he injected his reanimating solution into the arm of the headless body.
It is perhaps worth mentioning that I was not at all surprised or terrified on learning of the nature of the vault.
The youth said that he was very restless, seldom sitting around the station for more than an hour or two at a time.
Inside, wrapped in a discoloured parchment, was a huge key of tarnished silver covered with cryptical arabesques; but of any legible explanation there was none.
Upon the death of Theodoric in , Ibidus retired from public life to compose his celebrated work whose pure Ciceronian style is as remarkable a case of classic atavism as is the verse of Claudius Claudianus, who flourished a century before Ibidus; but he was later recalled to scenes of pomp to act as court rhetorician for Theodatus, nephew of Theodoric.
How could he be sure he would not land on that green litten hillside of a far planet, on the tessellated terrace above the city of tentacled monsters somewhere beyond the galaxy, or in the spiral black vortices of that ultimate void of Chaos wherein reigns the mindless daemon sultan Azathoth?
Where did he go sometimes in the night?
Meanwhile the luminosity increased, waned again, then assumed a pale, outré colour or blend of colours which I could neither place nor describe.
But after a time his alcohol enfeebled brain would wander from the subject, and with a foolish grin he would turn once more to his mop or cleaning rag.
At length I reached the lower hall, at one end of which I saw a faint luminous rectangle marking the ruined Paine Street doorway.
What I did succeed in doing was to overhear the nocturnal playing of the dumb old man.
Finally, with Carrington Harris's permission, I fitted a key to the disused door opening from the cellar directly upon Benefit Street, preferring to have a more immediate access to the outside world than the dark stairs, ground floor hall, and front door could give.
By Their smell can men sometimes know Them near, but of Their semblance can no man know, saving only in the features of those They have begotten on mankind; and of those are there many sorts, differing in likeness from man's truest eidolon to that shape without sight or substance which is Them.
I did not open my eyes until the raucous clamour came loudly from a point obviously straight ahead.
After that followed a sharp grating noise, a shouted gibberish from Pickman, and the deafening discharge of all six chambers of a revolver, fired spectacularly as a lion tamer might fire in the air for effect.
Doctair Muñoz, she cried as she rushed upstairs ahead of me, he have speel hees chemicals.
Eliot old Reid was right.
There were footsteps and guttural sounds, and a rattling motor wheezed south along Federal Street.
I would surely be very glad to get out of malodorous and fear shadowed Innsmouth, and wished there were some other vehicle than the bus driven by that sinister looking fellow Sargent.
Where once had risen walls of cubits and towers yet higher, now stretched only the marshy shore, and where once had dwelt fifty millions of men now crawled only the detestable green water lizard.
Then I saw the lurid shimmering of pale light, and heard the insidious lapping of sunless waters.
That it was merely a gigantic piece of stone, I soon assured myself; but I was conscious of a distinct impression that its contour and position were not altogether the work of Nature.
Put back the slab and run there's nothing else you or anyone can do now The tone changed again, this time acquiring a softer quality, as of hopeless resignation.
In the deeper dreams everything was likewise more distinct, and Gilman felt that the twilight abysses around him were those of the fourth dimension.
The ancient books taken from Whateley's quarters, while absorbingly interesting and in several cases promising to open up new and terrible lines of research among philosophers and men of science, were of no assistance whatever in this matter.
About he removed to Constantinopolis, where he received every mark of imperial favour both from Justinianus and Justinus the Second.
At Bates Street I drew into a yawning vestibule while two shambling figures crossed in front of me, but was soon on my way again and approaching the open space where Eliot Street obliquely crosses Washington at the intersection of South.
Half the chants of the Sabbat were patterned on this faintly overheard pulsing which no earthly ear could endure in its unveiled spatial fulness.
How it had ever come into the possession of a common sailor, neither he nor I could imagine.
On the third night frantic bands of searchers, led by the police, captured it in a house on Crane Street near the Miskatonic campus.
Vision or nightmare it may have been vision or nightmare I fervently hope it was yet it is all that my mind retains of what took place in those shocking hours after we left the sight of men.
Life is a hideous thing, and from the background behind what we know of it peer daemoniacal hints of truth which make it sometimes a thousandfold more hideous.
I s'pose you know though I can see you're a Westerner by your talk what a lot our New England ships used to have to do with queer ports in Africa, Asia, the South Seas, and everywhere else, and what queer kinds of people they sometimes brought back with 'em.
On a certain rainy afternoon when this illusion seemed phenomenally strong, and when, in addition, I had fancied I glimpsed a kind of thin, yellowish, shimmering exhalation rising from the nitrous pattern toward the yawning fireplace, I spoke to my uncle about the matter.
Actually, the horrified pause of the men was of comparatively brief duration.
The figure before me was short but exquisitely proportioned, and clad in somewhat formal dress of perfect cut and fit.
The Fryes, huddled together in the sitting room, did not dare to move until the last echoes died away far down in Cold Spring Glen.
That evening, after a day of hurried cabling and arranging, I bade my host adieu and took a train for San Francisco.
We boys used to overrun the place, and I can still recall my youthful terror not only at the morbid strangeness of this sinister vegetation, but at the eldritch atmosphere and odour of the dilapidated house, whose unlocked front door was often entered in quest of shudders.
Beyond these things he seemed to know nothing, nor could the expert questioning of his interrogators bring out a single additional fact.
It was he who had given me all the information I had of Tillinghast after I was repulsed in rage.
On May Eve of there were tremors which even the Aylesbury people felt, whilst the following Hallowe'en produced an underground rumbling queerly synchronised with bursts of flame them witch Whateleys' doin's from the summit of Sentinel Hill.
Gilman sat in a daze all the afternoon, and Elwood who had meanwhile seen the papers and formed terrible conjectures from them found him thus when he came home.
So when I had finished reading I shook my host by the hand, and departed as a friend.
He could not tell they would think him mad.
I have saved you so far by telling you to keep still saved you to see more sights and to listen to me.
Sawyer, as clumsy as most non users of optical devices are, fumbled a while; but eventually focussed the lenses with Armitage's aid.
He had told her no more than he had told the public, but had left a long manuscript of technical matters as he said written in English, evidently in order to safeguard her from the peril of casual perusal.
Our freedom from long sleep was surprising, for seldom did we succumb more than an hour or two at a time to the shadow which had now grown so frightful a menace.
Several faces I recognised; though I should have known them better had they been shrivelled or eaten away by death and decomposition.
But still there remained that burning determination to reach the innermost secret of the fear, which I had once more come to deem definite, material, and organic.
Not any more does he long for the magic of farther hills, or sigh for secrets that peer like green reefs from a bottomless sea.
Now, Eliot, I'm what the man in the street would call fairly hard boiled, but I'll confess that what I saw on the walls of that room gave me a bad turn.
I had to tell Harris because he owned the house and deserved to know what had gone out of it.
Nature is full of such illusions to impress the imaginative.
The man did not accost me, so I hastened home in an effort to overhear what he might report to my careworn father.
I thought the room and the books and the people very morbid and disquieting, but because an old tradition of my fathers had summoned me to strange feastings, I resolved to expect queer things.
Its voice was a kind of loathsome titter, and it could speak all languages.
Ef they dun't they'll kinder quiet daown like.
Joe Slater, who came to the institution in the vigilant custody of four state policemen, and who was described as a highly dangerous character, certainly presented no evidence of his perilous disposition when first I beheld him.
Then I noticed that I was not alone in the room and put the ray projector back in my pocket.
It is well that no explanation shall ever reach them.
Some said the thunder called the lurking fear out of its habitation, while others said the thunder was its voice.
Probably the clerk would make the price easy for me, but there was nothing else to do.
Those later spectral legends, I made plain, related to monstrous apparitions more frightful than anything organic could be; apparitions of gigantic bestial forms sometimes visible and sometimes only tangible, which floated about on moonless nights and haunted the old house, the crypt behind it, and the grave where a sapling had sprouted beside an illegible slab.
Twilight had now approached, but neither of us felt any wish to cease speaking.
Mankind was not absolutely alone among the conscious things of earth, for shapes came out of the dark to visit the faithful few.
It told of a certain ancient man who had once dwelt on our estates, a person of no small accomplishments, though little above the rank of peasant; by name, Michel, usually designated by the surname of Mauvais, the Evil, on account of his sinister reputation.
Each transmitted idea formed rapidly in my mind, and though no actual language was employed, my habitual association of conception and expression was so great that I seemed to be receiving the message in ordinary English.
Some unknown attraction was pulling his eyes in a seemingly irrelevant direction, for he could not help staring at a certain vacant spot on the floor.
Then he began to ascend the stairs, and joined me in the attic.
dee Randolph Carter stopped in the pitch darkness and rubbed his hand across his eyes.
Galpin now devoted his time to the library and lecture platform, preparing volumes and speeches on various subjects connected with belles lettres, and always shewing a genius so remarkable that it seemed as if the public must sometime pardon him for his past mistakes.
Being more than a little piqued at the Incivility of one whose Celebrity made me solicitous of his Approbation, I ventur'd to retaliate in kind, and told him, I was surpris'd that a Man of Sense shou'd judge the Thoughtfulness of one whose Productions he admitted never having read.
For some time I could not tell whether I was waking or sleeping, for the sound of flutes still rang shrilly in my ears; but when I saw on the floor the icy moonbeams and the outlines of a latticed Gothic window I decided I must be awake and in the castle at Kilderry.
Fear was upon the whole pitiful crowd, for they did not know what the law would exact of them if the affair were not hushed up; and they were grateful when West, in spite of my involuntary shudders, offered to get rid of the thing quietly for a purpose I knew too well.
It was at a Jew's shop in the squalid precincts of Clare Market, where he had often bought strange things before, and he almost fancied the gnarled old Levite smiled amidst tangles of beard as the great discovery was made.
But again I thought of the emptiness and horror of reality, and boldly prepared to follow whithersoever I might be led.
And shadowed on a screen, I saw hooded forms amidst ruins, and yellow evil faces peering from behind fallen monuments.
With the traditionally receptive ears of the small boy, I learned much; though an habitual secretiveness caused me to tell no one of my information or my resolve.
That night I passed the gateway to a vortex of twisted time and vision, and when morning found me in the attic room I saw in the walls and shelves and fittings that which I had never seen before.
Some of the Whateleys and Bishops still send their eldest sons to Harvard and Miskatonic, though those sons seldom return to the mouldering gambrel roofs under which they and their ancestors were born.
Was I tottering on the brink of cosmic horrors beyond man's power to bear?
Pray let us try again.
Well, young fellow, you mustn't take too much stock in what people around here say.
Around the first of April Gilman worried considerably because his slow fever did not abate.
Lying on its side for it could not stand up alone was the exotic spiky figure which in his monstrous dream he had broken off the fantastic balustrade.
I want whiskey good old fashioned rye exclaimed Trever enthusiastically.
Out of the South it would glide very smoothly and silently over the sea.
They found me at dawn wandering mindless near Ballylough, but what unhinged me utterly was not any of the horrors I had seen or heard before.
For without warning, in one of the small hours beyond midnight, all the ravages of the years and the storms and the worms came to a tremendous climax; and after the crash there was nothing left standing in The Street save two ancient chimneys and part of a stout brick wall.
I climbed gentle hills from whose summits I could see entrancing panoramas of loveliness, with steepled towns nestling in verdant valleys, and with the golden domes of gigantic cities glittering on the infinitely distant horizon.
They were evidently suffering from the nervous strain of our long voyage, and had had bad dreams.
Others knew, but did not dare to tell there is no public hint of why they whispered about the lock on the door to the attic stairs in the house of a childless, broken, embittered old man who had put up a blank slate slab by an avoided grave, although one may trace enough evasive legends to curdle the thinnest blood.
That scene itself must have corresponded to the sealed loft overhead, which had begun to attack his imagination so violently, but later impressions were faint and hazy.
The bus had come to a sort of open concourse or radial point with churches on two sides and the bedraggled remains of a circular green in the centre, and I was looking at a large pillared hall on the right hand junction ahead.
Dr. Johnson was second to no Man in the Pains he took to revise the bad Verses of others; indeed, 'tis said that in the book of poor blind old Mrs. Williams, there are scarce two lines which are not the Doctor's.
The distance was greater than we wished, but we could get no nearer house without going on the other side of the field, wholly out of the factory district.
Once across, it is hard to prevent the impression of a faint, malign odour about the village street, as of the massed mould and decay of centuries.
The whole face finally began to grow tense, and the head turned restlessly with closed eyes.
It was, indeed, an exceedingly singular happening; though after all a simple one.
Ugh I can see them now Their occupations well, don't ask me to be too precise.
Propped level on that floor were low cases full of books of every degree of antiquity and disintegration, and in the centre were a table and bench, both apparently fastened in place.
The attempt, however, was enough to disturb my balance; so that I had to stagger forward several steps to avoid falling.
Steps sounded again, and Olney edged round to the north; but before he could find a haven a voice called softly, and he knew he must confront his host.
We encountered no living creature, for the men of the night shift had been released from duty, and were doubtless at the Dry Gulch settlement pouring sinister rumours into the ear of some drowsy bartender.
But perhaps this was all madness.
Here, let's have the chandelier going.
Next year I may be dwelling in the dark Egypt which you call ancient, or in the cruel empire of Tsan Chan which is to come three thousand years hence.
You know what a fiend he was for revenge how he ruined old Raymond thirty years after their boundary suit, and how he stepped on the puppy that snapped at him a year ago last August. . . .
I yearned mightily to enter this fascinating yet repellent city, and besought the bearded man to land me at the stone pier by the huge carven gate Akariel; but he gently denied my wish, saying: Into Thalarion, the City of a Thousand Wonders, many have passed but none returned.
I cannot attempt to transcribe it verbatim in all its cloudiness and redundance, but I will tell its gist enough to shew why the sound of the water against the vessel's sides became so unendurable to me that I stopped my ears with cotton.
After that experience West had dropped his researches for some time; but as the zeal of the born scientist slowly returned, he again became importunate with the college faculty, pleading for the use of the dissecting room and of fresh human specimens for the work he regarded as so overwhelmingly important.
Opposite the base of Sentinel Hill the tracks left the road, and there was a fresh bending and matting visible along the broad swath marking the monster's former route to and from the summit.
Upon retiring, he had had an unprecedented dream of great Cyclopean cities of titan blocks and sky flung monoliths, all dripping with green ooze and sinister with latent horror.
It was a painful process, and at its very start brought out a fresh and disconcerting fact.
The shunned house, it seems, was first inhabited by William Harris and his wife Rhoby Dexter, with their children, Elkanah, born in , Abigail, born in , William, Jr., born in , and Ruth, born in .
I will quote the following account of the star Nova Persei verbatim from the pages of that eminent astronomical authority, Prof. Garrett P. Serviss: On February , , a marvellous new star was discovered by Dr. Anderson, of Edinburgh, not very far from Algol.
He refused; intimating that it was of the most vital importance for him to complete the reading of the diary, and promising an explanation in due course of time.
Why the third degree?
Then men in olive drab came, bearing muskets; till it seemed as if in its sad sleep The Street must have some haunting dreams of those other days, when musket bearing men in conical hats walked along it from the woodland spring to the cluster of houses by the beach.
Opening the door, he saw that the flour on the corridor floor was undisturbed except for the huge prints of the loutish fellow who roomed at the other end of the garret.
As before, he dreamed first of the village that was asleep or dead, and of the abyss down which one must float silently; then the rift appeared again, and he beheld the glittering minarets of the city, and saw the graceful galleys riding at anchor in the blue harbour, and watched the gingko trees of Mount Aran swaying in the sea breeze.
I had drilled myself in preparation for the crucial moment, and blind training saved me.
The result was wearily anticlimactic.
I did not shriek, but all the fiendish ghouls that ride the night wind shrieked for me as in that same second there crashed down upon my mind a single and fleeting avalanche of soul annihilating memory.
There was only one person in sight an elderly man without what I had come to call the Innsmouth look and I decided not to ask him any of the questions which bothered me; remembering that odd things had been noticed in this hotel.
Toward the last I became acutely afraid of West, for he began to look at me that way.
Whether or not he will ever come back, I cannot say.
I replied that I was going to Arkham, and apologised for my rude entry into his domicile, whereupon he continued.
Just how fully the pursuit was organised and indeed, just what its purpose might be I could form no idea.
To what extent could the laws of sanity apply to such a case?
The idee was to drop it daown with the right kind o' prayers an' sech.
Once in a while I noticed dead stumps and crumbling foundation walls above the drifting sand, and recalled the old tradition quoted in one of the histories I had read, that this was once a fertile and thickly settled countryside.
It was an impossibility in a normal world.
Don't worry, they won't hurt you.
Armitage knew he would be meddling with terrible powers, yet saw that there was no other way to annul the deeper and more malign meddling which others had done before him.
Before evening I was in the village, getting a meal and providing myself with presentable clothes.
It never once occurred to me that the fumbling might be a mere mistake.
Up thar in the rud beyont the glen, Mis' Corey they's suthin' ben thar It smells like thunder, an' all the bushes an' little trees is pushed back from the rud like they'd a haouse ben moved along of it.
Sometimes, as a psychological experiment, I would lead him on in these wanderings, and listen to his endless poetical quotations and tales of sunken ships.
It was not easy to find a good opening for two doctors in company, but finally the influence of the university secured us a practice in Bolton a factory town near Arkham, the seat of the college.
My informant had noticed it many times, and had heard it spoken of as coming from some secret hoard, either of pirates or of daemons.
In odd contrast to the tiara's aspect was its brief and prosy history as related by Miss Tilton.
The terror which brought me to the scene was a sudden and portentous confirmation of the mountaineers' wildest legends.
Burials without embalming were made in rapid succession, and even the Christchurch Cemetery receiving tomb was crammed with coffins of the unembalmed dead.
I saw the Alert, now sold and in commercial use, at Circular Quay in Sydney Cove, but gained nothing from its non committal bulk.
When through some unavoidable oversight a cat was missed, and sounds heard after dark, the loser would lament impotently; or console himself by thanking Fate that it was not one of his children who had thus vanished.
In a dream Kuranes saw the city in the valley, and the sea coast beyond, and the snowy peak overlooking the sea, and the gaily painted galleys that sail out of the harbour toward the distant regions where the sea meets the sky.
That was when they furled the Old Flag and put up a new Banner of Stripes and Stars.
Finally the air grew thin, and the sky changed colour, and the climbers found it hard to breathe; but still they toiled up and up, marvelling at the strangeness of the scene and thrilling at the thought of what would happen on the summit when the moon was out and the pale vapours spread around.
And the lips of the dead lotos faces whispered sadly, and bade me follow, nor did I cease my steps till the stream became a river, and joined amidst marshes of swaying reeds and beaches of gleaming sand the shore of a vast and nameless sea.
Then came out of the earth the black spirits of earth, mouldy and shadowy, and full of dim rumours picked up in caverns beneath forgotten sea bottoms.
In London there is a man who screams when the church bells ring.
I have indistinct recollections of a great storm some time after I reached the boat; at any rate, I know that I heard peals of thunder and other tones which Nature utters only in her wildest moods.
Two of the figures I glimpsed were in voluminous robes, and one wore a peaked diadem which glistened whitely in the moonlight.
And far out at sea, despite a high tide, I glimpsed a long, black line scarcely rising above the water yet carrying a suggestion of odd latent malignancy.
With his fanciful mind he thought often of the prehistoric civilisation in which the mad explorer had so implicitly believed, and would weave tale after tale about the silent jungle city mentioned in the latter's wilder notes and paragraphs.
There were recent rumours, too, with a baffling and disconcerting amount of agreement.
There was one black tower which reached above the trees into the unknown outer sky, but that was partly ruined and could not be ascended save by a well nigh impossible climb up the sheer wall, stone by stone.
Clearly, in the eyes of the educated, Innsmouth was merely an exaggerated case of civic degeneration.
Among these reliefs were fabulous monsters of abhorrent grotesqueness and malignity half ichthyic and half batrachian in suggestion which one could not dissociate from a certain haunting and uncomfortable sense of pseudo memory, as if they called up some image from deep cells and tissues whose retentive functions are wholly primal and awesomely ancestral.
Perhaps the ornaments had, after all, come from some strange island; and possibly the wild stories were lies of the bygone Obed himself rather than of this antique toper.
I paused and drew into a gaping doorway, reflecting how lucky I was to have left the moonlit open space before these pursuers came down the parallel street.
That the tradition bound elders should ignore his singular results on animals, and persist in their denial of the possibility of reanimation, was inexpressibly disgusting and almost incomprehensible to a youth of West's logical temperament.
Around the creature's neck had been found a golden chain bearing an empty locket on which were armorial designs; no doubt some hapless traveller's keepsake, taken by the N'bangus and hung upon the goddess as a charm.
After he went to Ireland Barry wrote me often, and told me how under his care the grey castle was rising tower by tower to its ancient splendour; how the ivy was climbing slowly over the restored walls as it had climbed so many centuries ago, and how the peasants blessed him for bringing back the old days with his gold from over the sea.
People around the country and in the nearby towns muttered a great deal among themselves, but said very little to the outer world.
High above the toiling group the great swath trembled as its hellish maker re passed with snail like deliberateness.
Shudderingly I felt that I knew what had obliterated the unfortunate servants, and could not exclude the things from my mind as I strove to observe other properties of the newly visible world that lies unseen around us.
I did not expect it, either, for I thought I was thoroughly forewarned regarding what the jewellery would turn out to be.
One seldom saw them; but a few times a year they sent down little yellow, squint eyed messengers who looked like Scythians to trade with the merchants by means of gestures, and every spring and autumn they held the infamous rites on the peaks, their howlings and altar fires throwing terror into the villages.
I got into the habit of calling on Pickman quite often, especially after I began making notes for a monograph on weird art.
As he climbed slowly east, higher and higher above the estuary on his left and nearer and nearer the sea, he found the way growing in difficulty; till he wondered how ever the dwellers in that disliked place managed to reach the world outside, and whether they came often to market in Arkham.
I have always believed that such strange, inaccessible worlds exist at our very elbows, and now I believe I have found a way to break down the barriers.
I passed under an arch out of that region of slabs and columns, and wandered through the open country; sometimes following the visible road, but sometimes leaving it curiously to tread across meadows where only occasional ruins bespoke the ancient presence of a forgotten road.
Despite a conservative training or because of it, for humdrum lives breed wistful longings of the unknown he swore a great oath to scale that avoided northern cliff and visit the abnormally antique grey cottage in the sky.
It seems these Kanakys was sacrificin' heaps o' their young men an' maidens to some kind o' god things that lived under the sea, an' gittin' all kinds o' favour in return.
Without having any exact knowledge of geology, I had from the first been interested in the odd mounds and hummocks of the region.
Elwood wrote his part of the colloquy on paper, so that a fairly easy communication was maintained.
As Kalos grew inexplicably weaker and weaker despite the ministrations of puzzled physicians and of his assiduous friend, he desired to be carried often to the grove which he so loved.
Then I noticed a few inhabited houses with rags stuffed in the broken windows and shells and dead fish lying about the littered yards.
The crouching image with its cuttlefish head, dragon body, scaly wings, and hieroglyphed pedestal, was preserved in the Museum at Hyde Park; and I studied it long and well, finding it a thing of balefully exquisite workmanship, and with the same utter mystery, terrible antiquity, and unearthly strangeness of material which I had noted in Legrasse's smaller specimen.
Behind him tiers of higher terraces towered aloft as far as he could see.
He looked at the mists from the diadem of Father Neptune, and tried to walk into their white world of mystery along the titan steps of The Causeway.
As Wilcox would have said, the geometry of the place was all wrong.
But when two days later the squatters told me what the red glare meant, I felt more horror than that which the mould burrow and the claw and eyes had given; more horror because of the overwhelming implications.
Ignorant and dirty, he was at home amongst the other brown skinned Mexicans; having come so I was afterward told from the very lowest sort of surroundings.
and some were strangely robed . . .
Elwood was in, thank heaven, and appeared to be stirring about.
It was designed to open in my direction, hence I saw after drawing the bolt and finding other fastenings in place it was not a favourable one for forcing.
They shewed the visitor the grave, barren and devoid of markers.
So on the night of July , , Herbert West and I stood in the cellar laboratory and gazed at a white, silent figure beneath the dazzling arc light.
Whilst the greater number of our nocturnal visions are perhaps no more than faint and fantastic reflections of our waking experiences Freud to the contrary with his puerile symbolism there are still a certain remainder whose immundane and ethereal character permits of no ordinary interpretation, and whose vaguely exciting and disquieting effect suggests possible minute glimpses into a sphere of mental existence no less important than physical life, yet separated from that life by an all but impassable barrier.
The subject, a widely known architect with leanings toward theosophy and occultism, went violently insane on the date of young Wilcox's seizure, and expired several months later after incessant screamings to be saved from some escaped denizen of hell.
Then I would loaf near the fire station in apparent casualness, and fall in with old Zadok after he had started on one of his frequent rambles.
The end of Herbert West began one evening in our joint study when he was dividing his curious glance between the newspaper and me.
Whether I shall go as he did remains to be seen, for I have learned much now.
In a moment of fantastic whim I whispered questions to the reddening ears; questions of other worlds of which the memory might still be present.
It was deep; far deeper than anyone but Randolph suspected, for the boy had found a fissure in the farthermost black corner that led to a loftier grotto beyond a haunting sepulchral place whose granite walls held a curious illusion of conscious artifice.
He returned unharmed, married in , and became a father on that memorable night of September , , when a great gale drove the waters of the bay over half the town, and floated a tall sloop well up Westminster Street so that its masts almost tapped the Harris windows in symbolic affirmation that the new boy, Welcome, was a seaman's son.
At the start, the western wall had lain some twenty feet up a precipitous lawn from the roadway; but a widening of the street at about the time of the Revolution sheared off most of the intervening space, exposing the foundations so that a brick basement wall had to be made, giving the deep cellar a street frontage with door and two windows above ground, close to the new line of public travel.
But I was not afraid long, for the gowned, slippered old man in the doorway had a bland face that reassured me; and though he made signs that he was dumb, he wrote a quaint and ancient welcome with the stylus and wax tablet he carried.
The one glimpse he had had of the title was enough to send him into transports, and some of the diagrams set in the vague Latin text excited the tensest and most disquieting recollections in his brain.
He had not survived his return, said his wife, for the doings at sea in had broken him.
yet I had read only the least fragment of that blasphemous rune before closing the book and bringing it away.
Walakea allaowed as the things was scattered all over the world, so's anybody that looked abaout cud find a nest an' bring 'em up ef they was wanted.
Fairest of all is the palace of the great monarch Dorieb, whom some say to be a demigod and others a god.
I think you'd enjoy the pictures, for as I said, I've let myself go a bit there.
But Alfred Trever did not speak the truth, as many guessed when he offered to take charge of the body and secure its interment in Appleton.
Or were the townsfolk really so resentful about curious visitors?
The bog was the cause of all these troubles, as Barry told me the night I came to the castle.
Then silently and gracefully the naiads reached the water and melted one by one into the ancient bog; while the line of followers, never checking their speed, splashed awkwardly after them and vanished amidst a tiny vortex of unwholesome bubbles which I could barely see in the scarlet light.
Just waited up and lit out the first thing in the morning.
His own face was in shadow, and he wore a wide brimmed hat which somehow blended perfectly with the out of date cloak he affected; but I was subtly disquieted even before he addressed me.
They say, too, that the fierce aurora comes oftener to that spot, shining blue in the north with visions of frozen worlds while the crag and the cottage hang black and fantastic against wild coruscations.
Down unlit and illimitable corridors of eldritch phantasy sweeps the black, shapeless Nemesis that drives me to self annihilation.
On the source of Slater's visions they speculated at length, for since he could neither read nor write, and had apparently never heard a legend or fairy tale, his gorgeous imagery was quite inexplicable.
All I can say is that they came from something I had known as a friend.
That tenebrousness was indeed a positive quality; for it obscured such parts of the inner walls as ought to have been revealed, and actually burst forth like smoke from its aeon long imprisonment, visibly darkening the sun as it slunk away into the shrunken and gibbous sky on flapping membraneous wings.
I would sometimes rise very quietly in the night, stealing out to walk in those churchyards and places of burial from which I had been kept by my parents.
Cap'n Ebenezer Holt traded me thet in 'sixty eight him as was kilt in the war.
As the shadows gathered, the natives commenced to disperse homeward, anxious to bar themselves indoors despite the present evidence that all human locks and bolts were useless before a force that could bend trees and crush houses when it chose.
Great excitement once came to The Street.
Less worthy of notice was the fact that the mother was one of the decadent Whateleys, a somewhat deformed, unattractive albino woman of thirty five, living with an aged and half insane father about whom the most frightful tales of wizardry had been whispered in his youth.
I myself, lulled by the rhythmical breathing of the healthy and the dying man, must have nodded a little later.
Oral accounts of the mysterious and secluded wife had been numerous, but no tangible relic of her stay at Jermyn House remained.
What was it anyhaow, an' haowever did young Wizard Whateley call it aout o' the air it come from?
The eminent critic and biographer was born in the year , shortly after the extinction of the Roman rule in Gaul by Clovis.
He fell on a narrow hill street leading up from an ancient waterfront swarming with foreign mongrels, after a careless push from a negro sailor.
And all the while the clamour at the outer door increased.
It had become fiendishly disgusting by the time he disappeared; many of the experiments could not even be hinted at in print.
The skull turned my stomach, but the other was worse those ankles cut neatly off to fit Matt Fenner's cast aside coffin Nyarlathotep . . . the crawling chaos . . .
Apparently Whateley had had no skull or bony skeleton; at least, in any true or stable sense.
As I lay exhausted on the stone floor I heard the eerie echoes of its fall, but hoped when necessary to pry it open again.
Now that he's disappeared I go around to the club once in a while, but my nerves aren't what they were.
As I emerged from an intervening grove upon the plain before the ruin, I beheld in the misty moonlight a thing I had always vaguely expected.
At fust the things didn't never go onto the main island, but arter a time they come to want to.
Above the distant chanting and the nearer praying of Joe Mazurewicz came another sound a stealthy, determined scratching in the partitions.
The next spring no more pale grass and strange weeds came up in the shunned house's terraced garden, and shortly afterward Carrington Harris rented the place.
So far I had seen none of the lower animals in Innsmouth.
Only greater maturity could help him understand the chronic mental limitations of the professor doctor type the product of generations of pathetic Puritanism; kindly, conscientious, and sometimes gentle and amiable, yet always narrow, intolerant, custom ridden, and lacking in perspective.
He had, he said, noticed me several times at my wanderings; and inferred that I resembled him in loving the vestiges of former years.
Brown Jenkin was rubbing itself with a kind of affectionate playfulness around the ankles of the black man, which the deep mud largely concealed.
For a moment I was inclined to use persuasion, regarding rather lightly the whims of senility; and even tried to awaken my host's weirder mood by whistling a few of the strains to which I had listened the night before.
At last I saw the ancient arcaded station or what was left of it and made directly for the tracks that started from its farther end.
I do so because of my desire to set certain unusual facts before the public; a thing I shall not in all probability survive to accomplish in person, since the circumstances surrounding me are as menacing as they are extraordinary, and involve not only the hopeless crippling of the U , but the impairment of my iron German will in a manner most disastrous.
It is likely that he felt only vexation when, in , the town council ordered him to fumigate the place with sulphur, tar, and gum camphor on account of the much discussed deaths of four persons, presumably caused by the then diminishing fever epidemic.
The two sounds most frequently repeated are those rendered by the letters Cthulhu and R'lyeh.
Never was nobody like Cap'n Obed old limb o' Satan Heh, heh I kin mind him a tellin' abaout furren parts, an' callin' all the folks stupid fer goin' to Christian meetin' an' bearin' their burdens meek an' lowly.
Now the irony is this.
As the hours wore on I saw his head droop awkwardly in sleep, but I did not disturb him.
First of all, the new light revealed the distorted and blackened form of the mysterious stranger.
The skin was thickly covered with coarse black fur, and from the abdomen a score of long greenish grey tentacles with red sucking mouths protruded limply.
Hey? Did anybody ever see hide or hair o' Hiram Gilman agin?
Gradually I came to find Herbert West himself more horrible than anything he did that was when it dawned on me that his once normal scientific zeal for prolonging life had subtly degenerated into a mere morbid and ghoulish curiosity and secret sense of charnel picturesqueness.
Once in a while it seemed as though we detected a skulking form in the woods nearby, and after a half hour's climb the steepness and narrowness of the way made the advance of so great a body of men over , all told exceedingly cumbrous and difficult.
There he would meditate upon the visions that filled his mind, and there devise the forms of beauty which later became immortal in breathing marble.
They were definite and unmistakable, and awaked in my mind a blind horror beyond all rational proportion.
Learning was in his blood, for his great grandfather, Sir Robert Jermyn, Bt., had been an anthropologist of note, whilst his great great great grandfather, Sir Wade Jermyn, was one of the earliest explorers of the Congo region, and had written eruditely of its tribes, animals, and supposed antiquities.
Then suddenly Old Bugs ceased to wield his javelin and stopped still drawing himself up more erectly than any denizen of the place had ever seen him before.
They filed out of the house with a jerky tread, and as I watched them go I had an odd idea that they were turning toward the ancient cemetery on which the back of the house abutted.
All day I forged steadily westward, guided by a far away hummock which rose higher than any other elevation on the rolling desert.
That gland is the great sense organ of organs I have found out.
He was unconscious, having fallen in a kind of convulsion which imparted to his slight black clad body a strange rigidity.
Something in the air of the hoary town worked obscurely on his imagination.
He didn't call it out.
Though the hands of its clock were missing on the side I glimpsed, I knew that those hoarse strokes were telling the hour of eleven.
His mind was tired, but I am always a German, and was quick to notice two things; that the U was standing the deep sea pressure splendidly, and that the peculiar dolphins were still about us, even at a depth where the existence of high organisms is considered impossible by most naturalists.
It was awful to hear them chanting in their churches at night, and especially during their main festivals or revivals, which fell twice a year on April th and October st.
In cloud ships the gods are wont to travel, and wise cotters have legends that keep them from certain high peaks at night when it is cloudy, for the gods are not lenient as of old.
In the midst of these reflections, as if dramatically arranged to intensify them, there fell near by a terrific bolt of lightning followed by the sound of sliding earth.
Normal beings seldom visited the locality till the state police were formed, and even now only infrequent troopers patrol it.
From that casement one might see only walls and windows, except sometimes when one leaned far out and peered aloft at the small stars that passed.
Reluctant even to be left alone again, each one of the cowed squatters refused point blank to advance another inch toward the scene of unholy worship, so Inspector Legrasse and his nineteen colleagues plunged on unguided into black arcades of horror that none of them had ever trod before.
In the Reverend Abijah Hoadley, newly come to the Congregational Church at Dunwich Village, preached a memorable sermon on the close presence of Satan and his imps; in which he said: It must be allow'd, that these Blasphemies of an infernall Train of Daemons are Matters of too common Knowledge to be deny'd; the cursed Voices of Azazel and Buzrael, of Beelzebub and Belial, being heard now from under Ground by above a Score of credible Witnesses now living.
I cannot see a well or a subway entrance without shuddering . . .
He had, Elwood said, shewed no tendency to talk or rise in his sleep; and meanwhile the landlord was putting rat poison everywhere.
It is well that the reader accept nothing which follows as objective truth, for since the events transcend natural law, they are necessarily the subjective and unreal creations of my overtaxed mind.
My indecisive speculation whether to explore the passage alone and immediately with my pocket light or to try to assemble a band of squatters for the quest, was interrupted after a time by a sudden rush of wind from outside which blew out the candle and left me in stark blackness.
It was somewhat after this time on Hallowe'en that a great blaze was seen at midnight on the top of Sentinel Hill where the old table like stone stands amidst its tumulus of ancient bones.
The tide had turned and was coming in now, and the sound of the waves seemed to arouse him.
Despite the state's safety regulations there was no fire escape on this side of the hotel, and I saw that my windows commanded only a sheer three story drop to the cobbled courtyard.
For that very fresh body, at last writhing into full and terrifying consciousness with eyes dilated at the memory of its last scene on earth, threw out its frantic hands in a life and death struggle with the air; and suddenly collapsing into a second and final dissolution from which there could be no return, screamed out the cry that will ring eternally in my aching brain: Help Keep off, you cursed little tow head fiend keep that damned needle away from me V.
There were rumblings under the hills that night, and the whippoorwills piped threateningly.
Many things had taught them secretiveness, and there was now no need to exert pressure on them.
And the day wore on, and still Olney listened to rumours of old times and far places, and heard how the Kings of Atlantis fought with the slippery blasphemies that wriggled out of rifts in ocean's floor, and how the pillared and weedy temple of Poseidonis is still glimpsed at midnight by lost ships, who know by its sight that they are lost.
Very nervously he watched that narrow oaken gate in the high and ivy clad stone wall.
Chords, vibrations, and harmonic ecstasies echoed passionately on every hand; while on my ravished sight burst the stupendous spectacle of ultimate beauty.
There was another sound, too a kind of wholesale, colossal flopping or pattering which somehow called up images of the most detestable sort.
I did not sleep well that night, and wondered exactly when the end would come.
I calc'late I was asleep, else I'd a heerd ye I ain't as young as I uster be, an' I need a paowerful sight o' naps naowadays.
For a moment I saw nothing save a myriad of tiny dancing lights, far, far before me.
One disgusting canvas seemed to depict a vast cross section of Beacon Hill, with ant like armies of the mephitic monsters squeezing themselves through burrows that honeycombed the ground.
They were Huguenots from Caude, and had encountered much opposition before the Providence selectmen allowed them to settle in the town.
There are secrets, you know, which might have come down from old Salem times, and Cotton Mather tells even stranger things.
I did not tell very much of what I had seen, for I feared the coroner would be sceptical; but from the evasive outline I did give, the doctor told me that I had undoubtedly been hypnotised by the vindictive and homicidal madman.
Such visions as I had experienced were too much for me to endure again.
He talked of death incessantly, but laughed hollowly when such things as burial or funeral arrangements were gently suggested.
Messrs. Ricci and Silva were experienced in the art of making unwilling persons voluble, and the screams of a weak and exceptionally venerable man can be easily muffled.
He was hideously sure that in unrecalled dreams he had talked with both Brown Jenkin and the old woman, and that they had been urging him to go somewhere with them and to meet a third being of greater potency.
The mystery remains unsolved to this day, though the image is on exhibition at the museum of Miskatonic University.
The rest is shadowy and monstrous.
Habitués say that it was at this point they noticed a cessation in the regular, monotonous strokes of the mop.
And thereafter the ocean told me its secrets no more; and though many times since has the moon shone full and high in the heavens, the White Ship from the South came never again.
Then the stirring of my uncle in his sleep attracted my notice.
Of the midnight storm which destroyed this gloomy mansion, the older inhabitants of the region sometimes speak in hushed and uneasy voices; alluding to what they call divine wrath in a manner that in later years vaguely increased the always strong fascination which I felt for the forest darkened sepulchre.
In brief, the floor was a veritable ossuary of the bones of small children some fairly modern, but others extending back in infinite gradations to a period so remote that crumbling was almost complete.
The hidden cults to which these witches belonged often guarded and handed down surprising secrets from elder, forgotten aeons; and it was by no means impossible that Keziah had actually mastered the art of passing through dimensional gates.
One detail that annoyed me was the distribution of the few faint sounds I heard.
In the small hours of the morning a body of silent men had entered the grounds and their leader had aroused the attendants.
In the second place, they terrified because of their very greatness.
For an instant I felt absolute despair, since my trapping in a chamber with no window egress seemed complete.
Those who took down their receivers heard a fright mad voice shriek out, Help, oh, my Gawd . .
My stricken friend moved them to no pity, but what they found on the couch in the studio made them give me a praise which sickened me, and now a fame which I spurn in despair as I sit for hours, bald, grey bearded, shrivelled, palsied, drug crazed, and broken, adoring and praying to the object they found.
The next day both youths felt very tired, and knew they would sleep like logs when night came.
The old captains of the sea came often to my grandfather and told him of these things, which in turn he told to my father, and my father told to me in the long autumn evenings when the wind howled eerily from the East.
He had indeed come back to the Valley of Ooth Nargai and the splendid city of Celephaïs.
It was for this reason that the N'bangus carried it off.
Wild blows were struck, shots were fired, and escapes were made; but in the end Legrasse was able to count some forty seven sullen prisoners, whom he forced to dress in haste and fall into line between two rows of policemen.
I was glad I had chosen to walk, for the white village had seemed very beautiful from the hill; and now I was eager to knock at the door of my people, the seventh house on the left in Green Lane, with an ancient peaked roof and jutting second story, all built before .
From a wide circle of ten scaffolds set up at regular intervals with the flame girt monolith as a centre hung, head downward, the oddly marred bodies of the helpless squatters who had disappeared.
When the men of Teloth heard these things they whispered to one another; for though in the granite city there is no laughter or song, the stern men sometimes look to the Karthian hills in the spring and think of the lutes of distant Oonai whereof travellers have told.
Nigh on a haour ago Zeb Whateley here heerd the 'phone a ringin', an' it was Mis' Corey, George's wife, that lives daown by the junction.
And as he nodded, and bared the black stumps of what had once been yellow fangs, I clutched at the curtains to prevent myself from falling.
Maria had been at the shunned house from till the removal of the family in , and had seen Mercy Dexter die.
Nor was any spot in that city more steeped in macabre memory than the gable room which harboured him for it was this house and this room which had likewise harboured old Keziah Mason, whose flight from Salem Gaol at the last no one was ever able to explain.
He reeled, and would have crumpled to the ground had not two or three others seized and steadied him.
Certainly the town was not London.
Suddenly that face became dim and quickly disappeared, and in a brief space I found myself projected against an obstacle which I could not penetrate.
College had all but closed, and every doctor of the medical faculty was helping to fight the typhoid plague.
I had prized it greatly, yet nevertheless felt a sensation of relief at its disappearance.
All, that is, but one.
Do you wonder how it will seem?
Still more shocking were the products of some of the experiments grisly masses of flesh that had been dead, but that West waked to a blind, brainless, nauseous animation.
His proximity was becoming rather obnoxious, yet I saw no way to escape without offending him.
Geographically it lay about two miles northwest of the base of Tempest Mountain, and three miles from the oak girt mansion.
If humanly possible, I would use it; if not, I would have to risk more street wandering and take the nearest intact highway bridge.
The light of the moon had strangely failed, and as Atal plunged upward through the mists he heard Barzai the Wise shrieking in the shadows: The moon is dark, and the gods dance in the night; there is terror in the sky, for upon the moon hath sunk an eclipse foretold in no books of men or of earth's gods. . . .
Thither would I go were I old enough to find the way, and thither shouldst thou go an thou wouldst sing and have men listen to thee.
The old librarian rehearsed the formulae he had memorised, and clutched the paper containing the alternative one he had not memorised.
As we drew nearer the green shore the bearded man told me of that land, the Land of Zar, where dwell all the dreams and thoughts of beauty that come to men once and then are forgotten.
The sight turned him giddy after a while, so that he would have fallen to the pavement had he not clutched instinctively at the lustrous balustrade.
And a thousand years of riches and delight passed over Sarnath, wonder of the world and pride of all mankind.
My next logical goal was New Church Green, but somehow or other I could not bear to repass the church in whose basement I had glimpsed the inexplicably frightening form of that strangely diademed priest or pastor.
You'll never know what the world has escaped.
I had but little notion of how the thought impressions would, if successfully conveyed, arouse an intelligent response in my brain; but I felt certain that I could detect and interpret them.
I was between my two companions, George Bennett being toward the window and William Tobey toward the fireplace.
Great God, what simpletons Shew them Arthur Machen's Great God Pan and they'll think it a common Dunwich scandal But what thing what cursed shapeless influence on or off this three dimensioned earth was Wilbur Whateley's father?
It was Rodriguez the Portuguese who climbed up the foot of the monolith and shouted of what he had found.
Old Waldron, who had curtailed his activities before, would have made him take a rest an impossible thing now that he was so close to great results in his equations.
John's, I bade the knocker enter, but was answered only by a shrill laugh.
Accordingly I kept north along Main to Martin, then turning inland, crossing Federal Street safely north of the Green, and entering the decayed patrician neighbourhood of northern Broad, Washington, Lafayette, and Adams Streets.
It was in those college days that he had begun his terrible experiments, first on small animals and then on human bodies shockingly obtained.
In the end I did find something; something of such vague but monstrous import that I set about at once to examine the cellar of the shunned house itself with a new and excited minuteness.
Then I heard a clock from some remote landing below strike the hour of two, and I knew I was awake.
The dreams were meanwhile getting to be atrocious.
What would happen on reanimation, and whether we could hope for a revival of mind and reason, West did not venture to predict.
Being ordered peremptorily to turn back, Capt.
By the time help could be summoned, every trace of the men and of their mad charge had vanished.
I found, at the start, that the land had been part of the long strip of home lot granted originally to John Throckmorton; one of many similar strips beginning at the Town Street beside the river and extending up over the hill to a line roughly corresponding with the modern Hope Street.
Possibly, many suggested, she was the natural daughter of some Marsh of prominence she certainly had the true Marsh eyes.
One wolf was seen to lope away unhurt.
It had not left behind quite all that it had attacked, for sometimes it had been hungry.
It may have been only imagination and it may have been only echoes which induced one of the men, an excitable Spaniard, to fancy he heard antiphonal responses to the ritual from some far and unillumined spot deeper within the wood of ancient legendry and horror.
Fear had lurked on Tempest Mountain for more than a century.
Then, as September approached, the clouds began to clear.
Into this the grimacing crone started, dragging Gilman after her by his pajama sleeve.
The manuscript was divided into two sections, the first of which was headed  Dream and Dream Work of H. A. Wilcox, Thomas St., Providence, R.I., and the second, Narrative of Inspector John R. Legrasse, Bienville St., New Orleans, La., at A. A. S. Mtg.
He nevair go out, only on roof, and my boy Esteban he breeng heem hees food and laundry and mediceens and chemicals.
Unfortunately no carvings could be found, and the small size of the expedition prevented operations toward clearing the one visible passageway that seemed to lead down into the system of vaults which Sir Wade had mentioned.
Then he began once more the writing of books, which he had left off when dreams first failed him.
Soon to our ears came the distant thunder of falling waters, and to our eyes appeared on the far horizon ahead the titanic spray of a monstrous cataract, wherein the oceans of the world drop down to abysmal nothingness.
Armitage chose his words very carefully.
Dances in the modern cemeteries were freely pictured, and another conception somehow shocked me more than all the rest a scene in an unknown vault, where scores of the beasts crowded about one who held a well known Boston guide book and was evidently reading aloud.
Here the galley paused not at all, but floated easily in the blue of the sky among fleecy clouds tinted with rose.
As the doctor put him to bed he could only mutter over and over again, But what, in God's name, can we do?
But most of all did he dwell upon some mysterious blazing entity that shook and laughed and mocked at him.
All at once my attention was captured by a vast and singular object on the opposite slope, which rose steeply about an hundred yards ahead of me; an object that gleamed whitely in the newly bestowed rays of the ascending moon.
Clearly, as I realised a moment later, it was the pastor; clad in some peculiar vestments doubtless introduced since the Order of Dagon had modified the ritual of the local churches.
It gave forth no noise when shaken, but was mystic with the scent of unremembered spices.
Elwood, whose thoughts on the entire episode are sometimes almost maddening, came back to college the next autumn and graduated in the following June.
At length the visitors, apprised of a party of State Police which had come from Aylesbury that morning in response to the first telephone reports of the Frye tragedy, decided to seek out the officers and compare notes as far as practicable.
Come, Mister Randy, or Hannah wun't keep supper no longer So Randolph Carter was marched up the road where wondering stars glimmered through high autumn boughs.
This person was the late William Channing Webb, Professor of Anthropology in Princeton University, and an explorer of no slight note.
In the rooms, large and lofty, and decorated with impossible paper and ridiculously ornate stucco cornices, there lingered a depressing mustiness and hint of obscure cookery; but the floors were clean, the linen tolerably regular, and the hot water not too often cold or turned off, so that I came to regard it as at least a bearable place to hibernate till one might really live again.
A second story told of the god's return and death at the feet of his enshrined wife.
But as Jermyn indulged in these reflections he could not but smile at their futility, a century and a half after the death of both of his strange progenitors.
I barely fancied that as I awoke, a light had been hurriedly extinguished within the sunken sepulchre.
Forms strangely robed, but at once noble and familiar, walked abroad, and under the horned waning moon men talked wisdom in a tongue which I understood, though it was unlike any language I had ever known.
It had been a vigorous man; a well dressed stranger just off the train on his way to transact some business with the Bolton Worsted Mills.
The slow ravages of disease are not pleasant to watch, but in my case there was something subtler and more puzzling in the background.
Again I tried to read, but found that I made no progress.
I seemed to know what to do with it, for I drew a pocket electric light or what looked like one out of my pocket and nervously tested its flashes.
Wal, come abaout 'thutty eight when I was seven year' old Obed he faound the island people all wiped aout between v'yages.
Amidst this elysian realm I dwelt not as a stranger, for each sight and sound was familiar to me; just as it had been for uncounted aeons of eternity before, and would be for like eternities to come.
When we gazed around the horizon, we could not find the third tower by the river, and noticed that the silhouette of the second tower was ragged at the top.
He had wild and original ideas on the independent vital properties of organic cells and nerve tissue separated from natural physiological systems; and achieved some hideous preliminary results in the form of never dying, artificially nourished tissue obtained from the nearly hatched eggs of an indescribable tropical reptile.
When Dr. Davis left Birch that night he had taken a lantern and gone to the old receiving tomb.
Gilman was half involuntarily moving about in the twilight abysses with the bubble mass and the small polyhedron floating ahead, when he noticed the peculiarly regular angles formed by the edges of some gigantic neighbouring prism clusters.
Beings must have cared for my needs, yet I cannot recall any person except myself; or anything alive but the noiseless rats and bats and spiders.
And I heard it hinted abroad that those who knew Nyarlathotep looked on sights which others saw not.
My liking for him did not grow, though the attic room and the weird music seemed to hold an odd fascination for me.
He shall not drink He shall not drink Thus roared Old Bugs as he seemed to run out of or rise above quotations.
It had four inch horns, but a face and jaw something like yours and mine.
Well, if you must hear it, I don't know why you shouldn't.
Some of the sounds came from the south, yet I retained my design of escaping in that direction.
When a fumbling came in the nearer casements he crept around to the west again, flattening himself against the wall beside the now opened windows.
One evening at about eight I heard a spattering on the floor and became suddenly aware that I had been smelling the pungent odour of ammonia for some time.
That I am still alive and sane, is a marvel I cannot fathom.
He wanted the lands of dream he had lost, and yearned for the days of his childhood.
Yes, that was the thing.
And as I looked upon the little gate in the mighty wall, I felt that beyond it lay a dream country from which, once it was entered, there would be no return.
For a season all went happily, till without warning the storm burst.
For all his love of Ireland, America had not left him untouched, and he hated the beautiful wasted space where peat might be cut and land opened up.
A sense of duty to science is all that impels me to recall, in these last years of my life, scenes and happenings fraught with a terror doubly acute because I cannot wholly define it.
The readiness with which I fell into a plan of action proves that I must have been subconsciously fearing some menace and considering possible avenues of escape for hours.
Inspector Legrasse was scarcely prepared for the sensation which his offering created.
And finally he had spoken of the living things in such a manner that he was taken to the madhouse.
The farm like grounds extended back very deeply up the hill, almost to Wheaton Street.
In another second I was alone in the accursed mansion, shivering and gibbering.
Their brotherly love was well known, and the crafty Tyrant surmised that each, instead of concealing his work from the other, would offer aid and advice; this charity producing two images of unheard of beauty, the lovelier of which would eclipse even the dreams of poets.
Neither age nor submersion has corroded the pristine grandeur of this awful fane for fane indeed it must be and today after thousands of years it rests untarnished and inviolate in the endless night and silence of an ocean chasm.
Once a terrific flash and peal shook the frail house to its foundations, but the whisperer seemed not to notice it.
Then he saw the old woman and the small furry thing advancing toward him over the carpeted floor.
How, I often asked myself, could the stolid imagination of a Catskill degenerate conjure up sights whose very possession argued a lurking spark of genius?
I crawled through carefully, and tried to prevent the heavy slab from falling back into place; but failed in the latter attempt.
Don't ask me, either, what lay behind that mole like scrambling Pickman was so keen to pass off as rats.
His engagement broken, Galpin moved east to begin life anew; but before long, Appletonians heard of his dismissal in disgrace from New York University, where he had obtained an instructorship in English.
One steady patron a bank defaulter under cover came to converse with him quite regularly, and from the tone of his discourse ventured the opinion that he had been a writer or professor in his day.
Then the headless thing threw out its arms in a gesture which was unmistakably one of desperation an intelligent desperation apparently sufficient to prove every theory of Herbert West.
Before seating himself across the table from me, my host paused for a moment as if in embarrassment; then, tardily removing his gloves, wide brimmed hat, and cloak, stood theatrically revealed in full mid Georgian costume from queued hair and neck ruffles to knee breeches, silk hose, and the buckled shoes I had not previously noticed.
Nor did I dare look for that piece of strange jewellery said to be in the Miskatonic University Museum.
Behind the figure was a vague suggestion of a Cyclopean architectural background.
We did not descend far, and when after several hours the sea was calmer, we decided to return to the surface.
Around that head it closed, totally swallowing it up, and in another moment it had begun to recede; bearing away its invisible burden without touching me, and flowing again out of that black doorway and down the unseen stairs, which creaked as before, though in reverse order.
It was in the house of Dexter, in the northern part of the town near the present intersection of North Main and Olney Streets, on the occasion of Canonchet's raid of March , , during King Philip's War; and the astute sachem, recognising it at once as a thing of singular venerableness and dignity, sent it as a symbol of alliance to a faction of the Pequots in Connecticut with whom he was negotiating.
When you have read these hastily scrawled pages you may guess, though never fully realise, why it is that I must have forgetfulness or death.
The change, it was said, came simultaneously with the Innsmouth epidemic of , and was thought by simple folk to have a dark connexion with hidden forces of evil.
It was also possible that the inhabitants of a given dimensional realm could survive entry to many unknown and incomprehensible realms of additional or indefinitely multiplied dimensions be they within or outside the given space time continuum and that the converse would be likewise true.
I do not recall distinctly when it began, but it was months ago.
I seemed desperately anxious to accompany my friend into those sepulchral depths, yet he proved inflexibly obdurate.
Then they vanished, hurrying southward where they were fully a month overdue.
Don't think I was a fool you ought to have seen that skull.
But West's gentle enemies were no less harassed with prostrating duties.
Trever, now thoroughly terrified and cured forever of his desire to see life via the vice route, edged closer to the blue coated newcomers.
It was indeed somewhat familiar, for the unusual part was superimposed upon the usual terrestrial scene much as a cinema view may be thrown upon the painted curtain of a theatre.
Then, without warning, I saw the intermittent flashes of light on the distant reef.
Wal, even ef I hain't told nobody nothin' yet, I'm a goin' to naow You jest set still an' listen to me, boy this is what I ain't never told nobody. . . .
ye swilled yourselves sick, curse ye, and ye must needs blame the squire let go, you Unhand that latch I've naught for ye here  At this point three slow and very deliberate raps shook the panels of the door, and a white foam gathered at the mouth of the frantic magician.
They were never heard of again.
Among the rubbish which had crashed through the ancient slanting ceiling were several things which made the workmen pause and call in the police.
The appearance of this man, and the instinctive fear he inspired, prepared me for something like enmity; so that I almost shuddered through surprise and a sense of uncanny incongruity when he motioned me to a chair and addressed me in a thin, weak voice full of fawning respect and ingratiating hospitality.
And then, as the breach became large enough, they came out into the laboratory in single file; led by a stalking thing with a beautiful head made of wax.
There he would ask to be left alone, as if wishing to speak with unseen things.
He would shout that the world was in danger, since the Elder Things wished to strip it and drag it away from the solar system and cosmos of matter into some other plane or phase of entity from which it had once fallen, vigintillions of aeons ago.
But more ghastly and terrible still was the slowness of my progress; for climb as I might, the darkness overhead grew no thinner, and a new chill as of haunted and venerable mould assailed me.
Of his methods in the intervening five years I dare not speak.
On a pair of golden crouching lions rested the throne, many steps above the gleaming floor.
Indeed, I could see that my uncle had thought deeply on the subject, and that he was glad of my own interest an open minded and sympathetic interest which enabled him to discuss with me matters at which others would merely have laughed.
Three months previously five of the little squint eyed traders had come down from the hills, and in a market brawl three of them had been killed.
All this aggressive mechanism we set in the cellar in positions carefully arranged with reference to the cot and chairs, and to the spot before the fireplace where the mould had taken strange shapes.
We walked nearer, and I saw that it must be five feet across, with walls a good foot thick and some six inches above the ground level solid work of the seventeenth century, or I was much mistaken.
My programme, I decided, would be to thread the principal streets, talk with any non natives I might encounter, and catch the eight o'clock coach for Arkham.
Then he saw the fanged, bearded little face in the rat hole the accursed little face which he at last realised bore such a shocking, mocking resemblance to old Keziah's and heard the faint fumbling at the door.
He thought of the wild tales he had heard, and recalled the old Sunday stories in the Advertiser; these things, and the lore he had picked up from Dunwich rustics and villagers during his one visit there.
Yet when the men of Ulthar and Nir and Hatheg crushed their fears and scaled that haunted steep by day in search of Barzai the Wise, they found graven in the naked stone of the summit a curious and Cyclopean symbol fifty cubits wide, as if the rock had been riven by some titanic chisel.
By the time I came of age, I had made a small clearing in the thicket before the mould stained facade of the hillside, allowing the surrounding vegetation to encircle and overhang the space like the walls and roof of a sylvan bower.
A wave of almost abnormal horror swept over me, and invested with a terrible but unexplainable singularity the flashlight glimpsed dust prints made by the intruder who had lately tried my door from this room.
You see the things that float and flop about you and through you every moment of your life?
Despite the obvious danger of attracting notice and bringing down on our heads the dreaded police investigation a thing which after all was mercifully averted by the relative isolation of our cottage my friend suddenly, excitedly, and unnecessarily emptied all six chambers of his revolver into the nocturnal visitor.
In ordered terraces rose the green banks, adorned here and there with bowers of vines and sweet blossoms, and seats and benches of marble and porphyry.
I had not seen him since that day, two months and a half before, when he had told me toward what goal his physical and metaphysical researches were leading; when he had answered my awed and almost frightened remonstrances by driving me from his laboratory and his house in a burst of fanatical rage.
And when I looked upon the terraces again I saw that what he said was true, for among the sights before me were many things I had once seen through the mists beyond the horizon and in the phosphorescent depths of ocean.
The squatters said the thing had had only one victim; but in this I judged them inaccurate, since besides the complete skull of a human being, there was another bony fragment which seemed certainly to have belonged to a human skull at some time.
His height could not have been less than six feet, and despite a general air of age and poverty he was stout and powerful in proportion.
The way was rocky, and made perilous by chasms, cliffs, and falling stones.
He wondered how it would look, for it had been left vacant and untended through his neglect since the death of his strange great uncle Christopher thirty years before.
Before I could recover my scattered wits he had relaxed his clutch on my shoulder and dashed wildly inland toward the street, reeling northward around the ruined warehouse wall.
My uncle blamed his old age, Wilcox afterward said, for his slowness in recognising both hieroglyphics and pictorial design.
The clergymen or priests, or whatever they were called nowadays also wore this kind of ornament as a head dress; but one seldom caught glimpses of them.
That was in the gaoler had gone mad and babbled of a small, white fanged furry thing which scuttled out of Keziah's cell, and not even Cotton Mather could explain the curves and angles smeared on the grey stone walls with some red, sticky fluid.
There lay great Cthulhu and his hordes, hidden in green slimy vaults and sending out at last, after cycles incalculable, the thoughts that spread fear to the dreams of the sensitive and called imperiously to the faithful to come on a pilgrimage of liberation and restoration.
That's why I wouldn't go at night if I was you.
I was not sufficiently awake to see whether Tobey was attending to his duties as sentinel, but felt a distinct anxiety on that score.
Nor do I doubt his word.
Then with utter and horrifying suddenness we heard a frightful sound from below.
Still and somnolent did it lie, on a strange plateau in a hollow betwixt strange peaks.
There are horrors beyond horrors, and this was one of those nuclei of all dreamable hideousness which the cosmos saves to blast an accursed and unhappy few.
He had thought he heard rats in the partitions all the evening, but paid little attention to them.
And the children's children, and the newcomers' children, grew up.
But when he came to study those who had thrown off the old myths, he found them even more ugly than those who had not.
Policemen appeared at the door, attracted by the noise, but for a time they made no move to intervene.
At the time, Pierre said that this restriction was imposed upon me because my noble birth placed me above association with such plebeian company.
Flashes of lightning were visible through the bunk house window.
I had often heard of this work, with its curious illustrations by the brothers De Bry, hence for a moment forgot my uneasiness in my desire to turn the pages before me.
I saw the close moonlit space where they would surge by, and had curious thoughts about the irredeemable pollution of that space.
Who or what then, was my great great grandmother?
When we rose to the surface about sunset a seaman's body was found on the deck, hands gripping the railing in curious fashion.
Most of the students went home, or to various duties, as the evening advanced; but West persuaded me to aid him in making a night of it.
Whatever had burst loose upon the world had assuredly gone down into the great sinister ravine; for all the trees on the banks were bent and broken, and a great avenue had been gouged in the precipice hanging underbrush.
So taking the solitary acetylene lamp into the adjacent laboratory, we left our silent guest on the slab in the dark, and bent every energy to the mixing of a new solution; the weighing and measuring supervised by West with an almost fanatical care.
Then it was obvious that the pursuers were gaining.
Mr. Czanek did not like to wait so long in the dark in such a place.
Klenze hurried to the engine room, finding the fuel tank and most of the mechanism shattered, and Engineers Raabe and Schneider instantly killed.
Libo himself, as well as Balbutius, insisted on accompanying the cohort; but great difficulty was suffered in getting a native guide to point out the paths up the mountain.
Then everyone noticed a strangely unseasonable noise in the deep valley behind, and even in the underbrush of Sentinel Hill itself.
Better still, though, he would utilise only two boxes of the base to support the superstructure, leaving one free to be piled on top in case the actual feat of escape required an even greater altitude.
Pausing only long enough to look at two fine but ruinous old churches at Main and Church Streets, I hastened out of that vile waterfront slum.
I might never have known Dr. Muñoz had it not been for the heart attack that suddenly seized me one forenoon as I sat writing in my room.
There dwelt in that ghastly and flexible face, as it shone bodiless, luminous, and rejuvenated in the blackness, more of stark, teeming, brain shattering fear than all the rest of heaven and earth has ever revealed to me.
Common sense in reflecting on these subjects, I assured my friend with some warmth, is merely a stupid absence of imagination and mental flexibility.
The thing must have happened at about three thirty in the afternoon.
As I gradually steadied myself and got readjusted to this second room of deviltry and morbidity, I began to analyse some of the points in my sickening loathing.
I was alone, yet bound to the unknown depths by those magic strands whose insulated surface lay green beneath the struggling beams of that waning crescent moon.
West's last quarters were in a venerable house of much elegance, overlooking one of the oldest burying grounds in Boston.
The scene I cannot describe I should faint if I tried it, for there is madness in a room full of classified charnel things, with blood and lesser human debris almost ankle deep on the slimy floor, and with hideous reptilian abnormalities sprouting, bubbling, and baking over a winking bluish green spectre of dim flame in a far corner of black shadows.
The students all attended the hasty funeral on the th, and bought an impressive wreath, though the latter was quite overshadowed by the tributes sent by wealthy Arkham citizens and by the municipality itself.
Then old Sam Hutchins thought of something and turned pale, nudging Fred Farr and pointing to the dank, deep hollow that yawned close by.
Great honours were then paid to the shades of those who had annihilated the odd ancient beings, and the memory of those beings and of their elder gods was derided by dancers and lutanists crowned with roses from the gardens of Zokkar.
Manton seemed unimpressed by my arguments, and eager to refute them, having that confidence in his own opinions which had doubtless caused his success as a teacher; whilst I was too sure of my ground to fear defeat.
Hey? Heh, heh, heh, heh. . . .
But this is what I shiveringly puzzled out on the stickily smeared paper before I drew a match and burned it to a crisp; what I puzzled out in terror as the landlady and two mechanics rushed frantically from that hellish place to babble their incoherent stories at the nearest police station.
The walls melted away, and I was swept by a black wind through gulfs of fathomless grey with the needle like pinnacles of unknown mountains miles below me.
I had begun to dig in the afternoon, because a thunderstorm was brewing, and now that it was dark and the storm had burst above the maniacally thick foliage I was glad.
Beyond it the rusted railway and the Rowley road led off through a flat, marshy terrain dotted with islets of higher and dryer scrub grown land.
When the old woman began to turn toward him he fled precipitately off the bridge and into the shelter of the town's labyrinthine waterfront alleys.
Finally I was sure it was not a face at all, but a fiendishly cunning mask.
There was bright moonlight over the snowless landscape, but we dressed the thing and carried it home between us through the deserted streets and meadows, as we had carried a similar thing one horrible night in Arkham.
After an interval, however, we approached the pit again, and found the exhalations less unbearable.
Some o' these here critters looks like monkeys, or half monkeys an' half men, but I never heerd o' nothing like this un.
Now I ride with the mocking and friendly ghouls on the night wind, and play by day amongst the catacombs of Nephren Ka in the sealed and unknown valley of Hadoth by the Nile.
From the air of hushed fright at Osborn's store they knew something hideous had happened, and soon learned of the annihilation of the Elmer Frye house and family.
The watery blue eyes were almost savage and maniacal now, and the dirty white beard bristled electrically.
That night the men of Teloth lodged the stranger in a stable, and in the morning an archon came to him and told him to go to the shop of Athok the cobbler, and be apprenticed to him.
I did not like everything about what I saw, and felt again the fear I had had.
The abyss was now a seething chaos of roseate and cerulean splendour, and invisible voices sang exultantly as the knightly entourage plunged over the edge and floated gracefully down past glittering clouds and silvery coruscations.
The hills rose scarlet and gold to the north of the little town, and the westering sun shone ruddily and mystically on the crude new stone and plaster buildings of the dusty forum and the wooden walls of the circus some distance to the east.
The book fell open, almost of its own accord and as if from frequent consultation at this place, to the repellent twelfth plate shewing a butcher's shop amongst the Anzique cannibals.
When he did so his cry was less restrained than Morgan's had been.
Nobody but Obed ud ever a believed the old yeller devil, but the Cap'n cud read folks like they was books.
The old ledger was at length given wholly into the charge of Dr. Armitage, both because of his peculiar interest in the Whateley matter, and because of his wide linguistic learning and skill in the mystical formulae of antiquity and the Middle Ages.
Then I tried the opposite of the soothing plan, and told him he was mad pitifully demented.
Morning found Dr. Armitage in a cold sweat of terror and a frenzy of wakeful concentration.
Altogether, Old Bugs was not pleasing to look upon.
I had always been exceptionally tolerant of West's pursuits, and we frequently discussed his theories, whose ramifications and corollaries were almost infinite.
But before his resolution was put to the test, the unexpected intervened.
It was better than human material for maintaining life in organless fragments, and that was now my friend's chief activity.
In subsequent decades as new inventions, new names, and new events appeared one by one in the book of history, people would now and then recall wonderingly how Carter had years before let fall some careless word of undoubted connexion with what was then far in the future.
West had still another source of worry, for he had been called in the afternoon to a case which ended very threateningly.
Only a stench and a tarry stickiness.
But is that house with the attic window still standing and deserted?
We had all been rather jovial, and West and I did not wish to have our pugnacious companion hunted down.
With the dawn I descended the tower and looked for wreckage upon the rocks, but what I found was only this: a strange dead bird whose hue was as of the azure sky, and a single shattered spar, of a whiteness greater than that of the wave tips or of the mountain snow.
Dr. Barnard unbuckled the leathern harness and did not restore it till night, when he succeeded in persuading Slater to don it of his own volition, for his own good.
Geometrical shapes seethed around him, and he fell dizzily and interminably.
Other and later Members of the CLUB were Mr. David Garrick, the Actor and early Friend of Dr. Johnson, Messieurs Tho. and Jos.
I have said that I was alarmed, yet to my soul nothing was more deadly than the material daylight world of New York, and whether this man were a harmless eccentric or a wielder of dangerous arts I had no choice save to follow him and slake my sense of wonder on whatever he might have to offer.
He found the spectral gossip of the town much diminished, and it is indeed a fact that notwithstanding certain reports of a ghostly tittering in the deserted house which lasted almost as long as that edifice itself no fresh appearances either of old Keziah or of Brown Jenkin have been muttered of since Gilman's death.
I was still alone, for as much as I feared the unknown horror I sought, there was more fear in the thought of telling anybody.
God What wonder that across the earth a great architect went mad, and poor Wilcox raved with fever in that telepathic instant?
At this time, my belief in the supernatural was firm and deep seated, else I should have dismissed with scorn the incredible narrative unfolded before my eyes.
The man who found me said that I must have crawled a long way despite my broken bones, for a trail of blood stretched off as far as he dared look.
I was nearly unnerved at my proximity to a nameless thing at the bottom of a pit.
And they were strange, because they had come as dark furtive folk from opiate southern gardens of orchids, and spoken another tongue before they learnt the tongue of the blue eyed fishers.
Once I caught the name of Charles Le Sorcier, and again I fancied that the words years and curse issued from the twisted mouth.
That night he slept on a couch which Elwood had had the landlord bring to the second story room, and for the first time in weeks was wholly free from disquieting dreams.
I buried him the next midnight in one of our neglected gardens, and mumbled over his body one of the devilish rituals he had loved in life.
In a moment of childish imagination I vowed not only that the undertaker, Goodman Simpson, had stolen the silver buckled shoes, silken hose, and satin small clothes of the deceased before burial; but that the Squire himself, not fully inanimate, had turned twice in his mound covered coffin on the day after interment.
It was rather ironic, for he was the officer who had helped West to his commission, and who was now to have been our associate.
There is a false report very commonly reproduced in modern books prior to Von Schweinkopf's monumental Geschichte der Ostrogothen in Italien that Ibid was a Romanised Visigoth of Ataulf's horde who settled in Placentia about A.D. The contrary cannot be too strongly emphasised; for Von Schweinkopf, and since his time Littlewit and Bêtenoir, have shewn with irrefutable force that this strikingly isolated figure was a genuine Roman or at least as genuine a Roman as that degenerate and mongrelised age could produce of whom one might well say what Gibbon said of Boethius, that he was the last whom Cato or Tully could have acknowledged for their countryman.
His fancy had not gone so far as mine, but he felt that the place was rare in its imaginative potentialities, and worthy of note as an inspiration in the field of the grotesque and macabre.
Guess they must die of looking in the glass Animals hate 'em they used to have lots of horse trouble before autos came in.
They were Donovan, Guerrera, and Ångstrom.
That was it, by heaven The man was not a fantaisiste or romanticist at all he did not even try to give us the churning, prismatic ephemera of dreams, but coldly and sardonically reflected some stable, mechanistic, and well established horror world which he saw fully, brilliantly, squarely, and unfalteringly.
He knows where the Old Ones broke through of old, and where They shall break through again.
And why is everybody so down on Innsmouth?
One dreads to trust the tenebrous tunnel of the bridge, yet there is no way to avoid it.
But mind ye, Luther he didn't see nothin' at all, only just the bendin' trees an' underbrush.
Of how the organic entities moved, he could tell no more than of how he moved himself.
And pox on him, I'm afeared the squire must have sarved them monstrous bad rum whether or not by intent for a week after he larnt the secret he was the only man living that knew it.
I motioned to him to continue, which he did with renewed signs of reluctance.
Birch decided that he would begin the next day with little old Matthew Fenner, whose grave was also near by; but actually postponed the matter for three days, not getting to work till Good Friday, the th.
A few of the organic objects tended to awake vague memories in the back of his mind, though he could form no conscious idea of what they mockingly resembled or suggested.
Herbert West needed fresh bodies because his life work was the reanimation of the dead.
And sometimes at sunset I would climb the long hilly street to the citadel and the open place, and look down upon Aira, the magic city of marble and beryl, splendid in a robe of golden flame.
I remember the night I made the five concentric circles of fire on the floor, and stood in the innermost one chanting that monstrous litany the messenger from Tartary had brought.
Ketched in the rain, be ye? he greeted.
But in Teloth was nothing green, for all was of stone.
There was talk of a complaint to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals; but nothing ever came of it, since Dunwich folk are never anxious to call the outside world's attention to themselves.
It was something I found in my coat the next morning.
His new novels were successful as his old ones had never been; and because he knew how empty they must be to please an empty herd, he burned them and ceased his writing.
Certainly it sounds absurd to hear that a woman educated only in the rudiments of French often shouted for hours in a coarse and idiomatic form of that language, or that the same person, alone and guarded, complained wildly of a staring thing which bit and chewed at her.
Divorced from the enlightenment of civilisation, the strength of these Puritans turned into singular channels; and in their isolation, morbid self repression, and struggle for life with relentless Nature, there came to them dark furtive traits from the prehistoric depths of their cold Northern heritage.
Furtive, shambling creatures stared cryptically in my direction, and more normal faces eyed me coldly and curiously.
The most sumptuous of these with wide terraced parterres extending back the whole way to Lafayette Street I took to be the home of Old Man Marsh, the afflicted refinery owner.
My uncle's face came to me with less pleasant associations than in waking hours, and I recall many futile struggles and attempts to scream.
It is a mistake to fancy that horror is associated inextricably with darkness, silence, and solitude.
Elwood had been studying in the small hours and had come up for help on a differential equation, only to find Gilman absent.
One of the Marsh daughters was a repellent, reptilian looking woman who wore an excess of weird jewellery clearly of the same exotic tradition as that to which the strange tiara belonged.
In the lighter preliminary phase the evil old woman was now of fiendish distinctness, and Gilman knew she was the one who had frightened him in the slums.
On every hand were the signs of neglect and decrepitude, and I seemed haunted by the notion that Warren and I were the first living creatures to invade a lethal silence of centuries.
When my hand touched his ear I shuddered, though I knew not why knew not why till I felt of the still face; the ice cold, stiffened, unbreathing face whose glassy eyes bulged uselessly into the void.
Between gasps Luther tried to stammer out his tale to Mrs. Corey.
In Washington Street there was a row of four or five in excellent repair and with finely tended lawns and gardens.
He injected new blood, joined certain veins, arteries, and nerves at the headless neck, and closed the ghastly aperture with engrafted skin from an unidentified specimen which had borne an officer's uniform.
And as if sharpened by the coming deprivation of light, my desire to explore the watery secrets grew.
One definite flash I shall always remember.
Did your Luther take accaount o' whar them big tracks led tew?
Among the animals in the exhibition with which he travelled was a huge bull gorilla of lighter colour than the average; a surprisingly tractable beast of much popularity with the performers.
Also, he thinks some of the folks looks durned queer even fer Kanakys.
In the coffin lay an amulet of curious and exotic design, which had apparently been worn around the sleeper's neck.
Ast 'em whar they come from, an' ef they cud git more, an' finally wormed the story aout o' the old chief Walakea, they called him.
So instead of the poems I had hoped for, there came only a shuddering blankness and ineffable loneliness; and I saw at last a fearful truth which no one had ever dared to breathe before the unwhisperable secret of secrets the fact that this city of stone and stridor is not a sentient perpetuation of Old New York as London is of Old London and Paris of Old Paris, but that it is in fact quite dead, its sprawling body imperfectly embalmed and infested with queer animate things which have nothing to do with it as it was in life.
The squire who succeeded to it in studied sartain arts and made sartain discoveries, all connected with influences residing in this particular plot of ground, and eminently desarving of the strongest guarding.
Then the glass broke shiveringly under the persistent impacts, and the chill wind rushed in, making the candles sputter and rustling the sheets of paper on the table where Zann had begun to write out his horrible secret.
Past that beacon for a century have swept the majestic barques of the seven seas.
She seemed to crystallise at a point closer to the ceiling than to the floor, and every night she was a little nearer and more distinct before the dream shifted.
Descending to Elwood's room he roused his still sleeping host and began telling of how he had found himself, but Elwood could form no idea of what might really have happened.
He was clad in dressing gown and slippers, and had in his hands a revolver and an electric flashlight.
What we wanted were corpses interred soon after death and without artificial preservation; preferably free from malforming disease, and certainly with all organs present.
Once inside one of the decrepit brick structures I would have to reckon with pursuit; but I hoped to descend and dodge in and out of yawning doorways along the shadowed courtyard, eventually getting to Washington Street and slipping out of town toward the south.
May heaven forgive the folly and morbidity which led us both to so monstrous a fate Wearied with the commonplaces of a prosaic world, where even the joys of romance and adventure soon grow stale, St. John and I had followed enthusiastically every aesthetic and intellectual movement which promised respite from our devastating ennui.
Carter's relatives talk much of these things because he has lately disappeared.
It was owned by a curious group of half castes whose frequent meetings and night trips to the woods attracted no little curiosity; and it had set sail in great haste just after the storm and earth tremors of March st.
Professor Angell must have employed a cutting bureau, for the number of extracts was tremendous and the sources scattered throughout the globe.
Ye toil to live, but is not life made of beauty and song?
I would, of course, soon have to shift from Washington to some other southward street; for that party from the hotel would doubtless be after me.
Whether a modern student could ever gain similar powers from mathematical research alone, was still to be seen.
His mania shewed itself only in his tight boarding up of all the windows in the reclaimed section though many declared that it was a crazy thing to bother with the reclamation at all.
Then in the shadowy solitude my longing for light grew so frantic that I could rest no more, and I lifted entreating hands to the single black ruined tower that reached above the forest into the unknown outer sky.
Down from the heights reels the glittering Cassiopeia as the hours wear on, while Charles' Wain lumbers up from behind the vapour soaked swamp trees that sway in the night wind.
The old man would not live up to his aspect and manner, but would feign a smile and a light tone and prattle feverishly and frantically of cheerful trifles; his voice every moment rising and thickening till at last it would split in a piping and incoherent falsetto.
Was, indeed, Fate preserving my reason only to draw me irresistibly to an end more horrible and unthinkable than any man has dreamed of?
The paper carried me back to the days of the thirteenth century, when the old castle in which I sat had been a feared and impregnable fortress.
Now he felt that he must go north infinitely north.
Henry Wheeler, trembling, turned the rescued telescope on the mountain to see what he might.
Houses went up of them, and more and at last one fateful night a titan thing occurred.
I have reared a marble urn to his memory in St. John's churchyard the place that loved the hidden grove of giant willows on the hill, where tombs and headstones huddle quietly between the hoary bulk of the church and the houses and bank walls of Benefit Street.
Alone it is, a bleak point jutting in limitless space, for there the coast turns sharp where the great Miskatonic pours out of the plains past Arkham, bringing woodland legends and little quaint memories of New England's hills.
Then he said we were the victims of a vicious bull though the animal was a difficult thing to place and account for.
He was thankful that the windows were just too high to permit of peering in, and drew the dark curtains carefully down over each one.
For Arthur Munroe was dead.
As his hammer blows began to fall, the horse outside whinnied in a tone which may have been encouraging and may have been mocking.
It was not a strong or even a fairly strong light; certainly not nearly strong enough to read an average book by.
Sheet lightning shimmered, and then a forky bolt flashed near at hand, as if descending into the accursed glen itself.
At certain stages of the ritual they did grovelling obeisance, especially when he held above his head that abhorrent Necronomicon he had taken with him; and I shared all the obeisances because I had been summoned to this festival by the writings of my forefathers.
All denied a part in the ritual murders, and averred that the killing had been done by Black Winged Ones which had come to them from their immemorial meeting place in the haunted wood.
Once coming in a little the worse for Wine to which he was addicted he endeavour'd to lampoon me by means of an Impromptu in verse, writ on the Surface of the Table; but lacking the Aid he usually had in his Composition, he made a bad grammatical Blunder.
It was in these slums along Main Street that I would find the old Georgian churches, but they were all long abandoned.
The vault had been dug from a hillside, so that the narrow ventilation funnel in the top ran through several feet of earth, making this direction utterly useless to consider.
In winter it would be in the east, but mostly if in the small hours of morning.
To me Alos denied a warrior's part, for I was feeble and given to strange faintings when subjected to stress and hardships.
What Roodmas horror fastened itself on the world in half human flesh and blood?
After that Johansen only brooded over the idol in the cabin and attended to a few matters of food for himself and the laughing maniac by his side.
Later, I told myself, I should grow to a strength and ingenuity which might enable me to unfasten the heavily chained door with ease; but until then I would do better by conforming to what seemed the will of Fate.
It isn't so very far from the elevated as distance goes, but it's centuries away as the soul goes.
Elwood scarcely dared to touch him, but gradually the screaming and writhing subsided.
I had written so much to the proconsul that he had become gravely interested, and had resolved to make a personal inquiry into the horror.
Manton was reflecting again.
God, man Don't you realise that places like that weren't merely made, but actually grew?
That Gilman talked in his sleep was plain, and it was obviously from Desrochers' keyhole listenings that the delusive notion of the violet dream light had got abroad.
That object was my uncle the venerable Elihu Whipple who with blackening and decaying features leered and gibbered at me, and reached out dripping claws to rend me in the fury which this horror had brought.
Not more unutterable could have been the chaos of hellish sound if the pit itself had opened to release the agony of the damned, for in one inconceivable cacophony was centred all the supernal terror and unnatural despair of animate nature.
It was to a time battered edifice of this description that I was driven one afternoon in November, , by a rain of such chilling copiousness that any shelter was preferable to exposure.
Throughout that afternoon they rode around Dunwich; questioning the natives concerning all that had occurred, and seeing for themselves with rising pangs of horror the drear Frye ruins with their lingering traces of the tarry stickiness, the blasphemous tracks in the Frye yard, the wounded Seth Bishop cattle, and the enormous swaths of disturbed vegetation in various places.
Whilst Barzai was shouting these things Atal felt a spectral change in the air, as if the laws of earth were bowing to greater laws; for though the way was steeper than ever, the upward path was now grown fearsomely easy, and the bulging cliff proved scarce an obstacle when he reached it and slid perilously up its convex face.
Trying it, I found it locked; but with a supreme burst of strength I overcame all obstacles and dragged it open inward.
But in the cosmos there is balm as well as bitterness, and that balm is nepenthe.
As to the nature and appearance of the lurking fear, nothing could be gained from the scared and witless shanty dwellers.
I now felt gnawing at my vitals that dark terror which will never leave me till I, too, am at rest; accidentally or otherwise.
I had noticed that they were pretty widely distributed around Tempest Mountain, though less numerous on the plain than near the hill top itself, where prehistoric glaciation had doubtless found feebler opposition to its striking and fantastic caprices.
Having thus become Friends, we convers'd on many Matters.
That cult would never die till the stars came right again, and the secret priests would take great Cthulhu from His tomb to revive His subjects and resume His rule of earth.
To them he told a simple story.
But I am not wholly sorry; either for this or for the loss in undreamable abysses of the closely written sheets which alone could have explained the music of Erich Zann.
That storm, said men who had ventured down the mine shaft, had caused extensive caving in, and had completely closed the deep abyss which had created so much apprehension the day before.
As the day advanced the focus of his unseeing eyes changed position, and by noon he had conquered the impulse to stare at vacancy.
Possibly Gilman ought not to have studied so hard.
The event which I am about to relate was unheralded by long premonitions.
Then, close to the hour of midnight, all the bronze gates of Sarnath burst open and emptied forth a frenzied throng that blackened the plain, so that all the visiting princes and travellers fled away in fright.
With new vigour I applied myself to my examination of the old chateau and its contents.
There was a bursting as of an exploding bladder, a slushy nastiness as of a cloven sunfish, a stench as of a thousand opened graves, and a sound that the chronicler would not put on paper.
It was plain that the owner had come home; but he had not come from the land, nor from any balloon or airship that could be imagined.
It suddenly struck me as very natural that the local people should not wish to ride on a bus owned and driven by this man, or to visit any oftener than possible the habitat of such a man and his kinsfolk.
I believe there's a chance of putting it out of business.
To my mind rushed fragments of a passage in Joseph Glanvill which has quoted with tremendous effect  the vastness, profundity, and unsearchableness of His works, which have a depth in them greater than the well of Democritus.
Never came back there can't be more'n or people living there now.
He found the Marsh refinery a queer place it's in an old mill on the lower falls of the Manuxet.
A pulpy, tentacled head surmounted a grotesque and scaly body with rudimentary wings; but it was the general outline of the whole which made it most shockingly frightful.
No more ice the man looked and ran away.
Unseen things not of earth or at least not of tri dimensional earth rushed foetid and horrible through New England's glens, and brooded obscenely on the mountain tops.
Over the countryside and amidst the splendour of cities rove at will the happy folk, of whom all are gifted with unmarred grace and unalloyed happiness.
Now and then we could see the lightning through the cracks in the wall; the afternoon was so incredibly dark that each flash was extremely vivid.
Seizing the green jade object, we gave a last glance at the bleached and cavern eyed face of its owner and closed up the grave as we found it.
Then he went back to Arkham, the terrible witch haunted old town of his forefathers in New England, and had experiences in the dark, amidst the hoary willows and tottering gambrel roofs, which made him seal forever certain pages in the diary of a wild minded ancestor.
My uncle breathed heavily, his deep inhalations and exhalations accompanied by the rain outside, and punctuated by another nerve racking sound of distant dripping water within for the house was repulsively damp even in dry weather, and in this storm positively swamp like.
I recall that I did not regard it as a common flashlight indeed, I had a common flashlight in another pocket.
A full thousand cubits high stood the greatest among them, wherein the high priests dwelt with a magnificence scarce less than that of the kings.
And the soldiers at Jaren laughed at me and drave me out, so that I wandered to many other cities.
All this had undoubtedly formed the basis of the legend known by old Maria Robbins.
Our Auckland correspondent gives the Emma and her crew an excellent reputation, and Johansen is described as a sober and worthy man.
The smell of the sea took on ominous implications, and the silent driver's bent, rigid back and narrow head became more and more hateful.
The chanted ritual was not the secret that was never spoken aloud, only whispered.
As I slowly traversed the nitre encrusted passageway at the foot of the last staircase, the paving became very damp, and soon I saw by the light of my flickering torch that a blank, water stained wall impeded my journey.
Curiosity flared up beyond sense and caution, and in my youthful egotism I fancied I might be able to sift a nucleus of real history from the confused, extravagant outpouring I would probably extract with the aid of raw whiskey.
With this work Romero and I were not connected, wherefore our first knowledge of extraordinary conditions came from others.
He felt it was highly necessary to get the ponderous thing home and begin deciphering it, and bore it out of the shop with such precipitate haste that the old Jew chuckled disturbingly behind him.
He became a dreamer who found life tame and unsatisfying; a searcher for strange realms and relationships once familiar, yet lying nowhere in the visible regions of earth.
Yew grows an' that grows faster.
For the nebulous utterances concerning a nameless, unsuspected race of jungle hybrids he had a peculiar feeling of mingled terror and attraction; speculating on the possible basis of such a fancy, and seeking to obtain light among the more recent data gleaned by his great grandfather and Samuel Seaton amongst the Ongas.
It was the steady, stealthy creaking of the stairs beyond the locked door, as with the ascent of a barefoot or skin shod horde; and at last the cautious, purposeful rattling of the brass latch that glowed in the feeble candlelight.
The region now entered by the police was one of traditionally evil repute, substantially unknown and untraversed by white men.
D'ye know, young Sir, I'm right sot on this un here.
It was about two feet square, and bore West's correct name and present address.
He watched and listened with his mind more than with his eyes and ears, and strove every moment to drown something in his ceaseless poring over gay, insipid novels.
Then beyond the hill's crest I saw Kingsport outspread frostily in the gloaming; snowy Kingsport with its ancient vanes and steeples, ridgepoles and chimney pots, wharves and small bridges, willow trees and graveyards; endless labyrinths of steep, narrow, crooked streets, and dizzy church crowned central peak that time durst not touch; ceaseless mazes of colonial houses piled and scattered at all angles and levels like a child's disordered blocks; antiquity hovering on grey wings over winter whitened gables and gambrel roofs; fanlights and small paned windows one by one gleaming out in the cold dusk to join Orion and the archaic stars.
That time we were almost caught before we incinerated the thing, and West doubted the advisability of repeating his daring misuse of the college laboratory.
For I, and I only, know what manner of fear lurked on that spectral and desolate mountain.
I felt that those walls and overhanging gables of mildewed brick and fungous plaster and timber with fishy, eye like, diamond paned windows that leered could hardly desist from advancing and crushing me . . .
Gilman could not have told what he expected to find there, but he knew he wanted to be in the building where some circumstance had more or less suddenly given a mediocre old woman of the seventeenth century an insight into mathematical depths perhaps beyond the utmost modern delvings of Planck, Heisenberg, Einstein, and de Sitter.
Instead, his surroundings depressed him; and he frequently wrote to a friend in Albany of plans to leave the paternal roof.
All traces of strange dreaming had vanished with his recovery, and my uncle kept no record of his night thoughts after a week of pointless and irrelevant accounts of thoroughly usual visions.
Thus time and the want of a reminder dulled the memory of the curse in the minds of the late Comte's family, so that when Godfrey, innocent cause of the whole tragedy and now bearing the title, was killed by an arrow whilst hunting, at the age of thirty two, there were no thoughts save those of grief at his demise.
But my friend was in greater danger than I, and through my fear I felt a vague resentment that he should deem me capable of deserting him under such circumstances.
As I looked, a subtle, curious sense of beckoning seemed superadded to the grim repulsion; and oddly enough, I found this overtone more disturbing than the primary impression.
He would have descended and asked the way to Ooth Nargai had not a fearsome aurora sputtered up from some remote place beyond the horizon, shewing the ruin and antiquity of the city, and the stagnation of the reedy river, and the death lying upon that land, as it had lain since King Kynaratholis came home from his conquests to find the vengeance of the gods.
I neither knew nor cared whether my experience was insanity, dreaming, or magic; but was determined to gaze on brilliance and gaiety at any cost.
That, Pickman said, was the kind of thing he had been talking about an aperture of the network of tunnels that used to undermine the hill.
Rumour now and then associated him with a certain Consul Hasting whose work for the stage and for motion picture companies attracted a certain degree of attention because of its scholarly breadth and depth; but Hasting soon disappeared from the public eye, and Galpin became only a name for parents to quote in warning accents.
So you are busy delving into the shady past of that insufferable young Asiatic Varius Avitus Bassianus?
Not far from the grey city of Ib did the wandering tribes lay the first stones of Sarnath, and at the beings of Ib they marvelled greatly.
Then came a deadly circuit of the tower, clinging to whatever holds the slimy wall could give; till finally my testing hand found the barrier yielding, and I turned upward again, pushing the slab or door with my head as I used both hands in my fearful ascent.
Of polished desert quarried marble were its walls, in height cubits and in breadth , so that chariots might pass each other as men drave them along the top.
Years of the Titans were recalled, but the host grew timid when he spoke of the dim first age of chaos before the gods or even the Elder Ones were born, and when only the other gods came to dance on the peak of Hatheg Kla in the stony desert near Ulthar, beyond the river Skai.
Then I thought of the season, and felt that these old Puritan folk might well have Christmas customs strange to me, and full of silent hearthside prayer.
His good wife waxes stouter and his children older and prosier and more useful, and he never fails to smile correctly with pride when the occasion calls for it.
Just before entering the cut I glanced behind me, but saw no pursuer.
And the young men who had returned dwelt there no longer.
He had awaked to find himself standing bloody handed in the snow before his cabin, the mangled corpse of his neighbour Peter Slader at his feet.
Briden looked back and went mad, laughing shrilly as he kept on laughing at intervals till death found him one night in the cabin whilst Johansen was wandering deliriously.
Matter it seemed not to be, nor ether, nor anything else conceivable by mortal mind.
Previously indifferent to such things, I had now an unspeakable horror of them; and would retire to the innermost recesses of the house whenever the heavens threatened an electrical display.
I never feel alone or comfortable, and a hideous sense of pursuit sometimes comes chillingly on me when I am weary.
His cloaths were of rusty brown, much wrinkled, and with more than one Button missing.
Suddenly the urn to which I clung began to tremble, as if sharing my own lethal dizziness; and in another instant my body was plunging downward to I knew not what fate.
Parks had helped him get the key from the old box containing it, and had felt strangely affected by the grotesque carvings on the box, and by some other odd quality he could not name.
He began to feel closely akin to Sir Wade, and to seek relics of the latter's personal life in England as well as of his African exploits.
That I had left at most but eleven years of further existence was made certain to me by the words which I read.
In broad daylight, and at most seasons I am apt to think the greater part of it a mere dream; but sometimes in the autumn, about two in the morning when winds and animals howl dismally, there comes from inconceivable depths below a damnable suggestion of rhythmical throbbing . . .
The place always was badly cut off from the rest of the country by marshes and creeks, and we can't be sure about the ins and outs of the matter; but it's pretty clear that old Captain Marsh must have brought home some odd specimens when he had all three of his ships in commission back in the twenties and thirties.
He was just dizzy and careless enough to annoy his sensitive horse, which as he drew it viciously up at the tomb neighed and pawed and tossed its head, much as on that former occasion when the rain had vexed it.
The bulky leather cover with the brass clasp had been so prominently visible, and the price was so absurdly slight.
That sunset was very beautiful, but the peasants at Ballylough had warned me against it and said that Kilderry had become accursed, so that I almost shuddered to see the high turrets of the castle gilded with fire.
It was horrible, yet hardly a surprise.
They were as baffling as the hordes of great bats which haunted the old manor house in unprecedented and increasing numbers.
On this now leaped and twisted a more indescribable horde of human abnormality than any but a Sime or an Angarola could paint.
The tread was heavy, yet seemed to contain a curious quality of cautiousness; a quality which I disliked the more because the tread was heavy.
He looked impatiently around the low pitched room with the rag carpet and exposed beams and corner posts, and smiled only when the orchard boughs scratched at the leaded panes of the rear window.
On the floor were confused muddy prints, but oddly enough they did not extend all the way to the door.
At first the syllables defied all correlation with any speech of earth, but toward the last there came some disjointed fragments evidently taken from the Necronomicon, that monstrous blasphemy in quest of which the thing had perished.
A town able to inspire such dislike in its neighbours, I thought, must be at least rather unusual, and worthy of a tourist's attention.
All this he tells me yet I cannot forget what I saw in the sky on the night after Slater died.
Of my exact age, even down to days and hours, I kept a most careful record, for each movement of the pendulum of the massive clock in the library told off so much more of my doomed existence.
Your yelling stirred them up, I fancy.
For the long neglected latch was obviously broken, leaving the careless undertaker trapped in the vault, a victim of his own oversight.
I was going to run, but he stopped me.
Upon one thing I was absolutely resolved.
I did not exactly relish the task, for the atmosphere of the Williamson home had always depressed me.
As you know, the club wouldn't exhibit it, and the Museum of Fine Arts wouldn't accept it as a gift; and I can add that nobody would buy it, so Pickman had it right in his house till he went.
Toward the end of March he began to pick up in his mathematics, though other studies bothered him increasingly.
The urge to walk was gradually changing to an urge to leap mystically into space, and suddenly he realised just where the source of the pull lay.
And as to the way I amplified the bare jotting of the old mystic that was quite impossible, and characteristic of a flighty and notional scribbler Mather had indeed told of the thing as being born, but nobody but a cheap sensationalist would think of having it grow up, look into people's windows at night, and be hidden in the attic of a house, in flesh and in spirit, till someone saw it at the window centuries later and couldn't describe what it was that turned his hair grey.
I says I didn't do no pryin' arter that night but I faound things aout jest the same Yew want to know what the reel horror is, hey?
On August , we espied the ocean floor, and sent a powerful beam from the searchlight over it.
There was, too, the baffling problem of the lesser messengers or intermediaries the quasi animals and queer hybrids which legend depicts as witches' familiars.
Louder and louder, wilder and wilder, mounted the shrieking and whining of that desperate viol.
Arthur Jermyn went out on the moor and burned himself after seeing the boxed object which had come from Africa.
I waited till the crowd had oozed into the black doorway, and till all the stragglers had followed.
It soon developed that I had only a choice between different evils, but after a time I came upon a house in West Fourteenth Street which disgusted me much less than the others I had sampled.
And the traveller declares that instead of the place's wonted stench there lingered a delicate fragrance as of roses in full bloom.
Above the crowded bookshelves at intervals along the walls were well wrought family portraits; all tarnished to an enigmatical dimness, and bearing an unmistakable likeness to the man who now motioned me to a chair beside the graceful Chippendale table.
Nobody never see 'em agin.
Now he was no less a fanatic, but his desire to speak had conquered his resentment, and he had written me imperatively in a hand I could scarcely recognise.
Two of the less irrelevantly moving things a rather large congeries of iridescent, prolately spheroidal bubbles and a very much smaller polyhedron of unknown colours and rapidly shifting surface angles seemed to take notice of him and follow him about or float ahead as he changed position among the titan prisms, labyrinths, cube and plane clusters, and quasi buildings; and all the while the vague shrieking and roaring waxed louder and louder, as if approaching some monstrous climax of utterly unendurable intensity.
I now observed that I had with me an electric lantern and two spades, whilst my companion was supplied with a similar lantern and a portable telephone outfit.
Two biological points he was exceedingly anxious to settle first, whether any amount of consciousness and rational action be possible without the brain, proceeding from the spinal cord and various nerve centres; and second, whether any kind of ethereal, intangible relation distinct from the material cells may exist to link the surgically separated parts of what has previously been a single living organism.
And yet I could extract nothing definite from the man.
A few more thoughts were exchanged, and I knew that the luminous one and I were being recalled to bondage, though for my brother of light it would be the last time.
Dutee himself thought little of the house, for he grew up to be a privateersman, and served with distinction on the Vigilant under Capt.
A closer scrutiny filled me with sensations I cannot express; for despite its enormous magnitude, and its position in an abyss which had yawned at the bottom of the sea since the world was young, I perceived beyond a doubt that the strange object was a well shaped monolith whose massive bulk had known the workmanship and perhaps the worship of living and thinking creatures.
Within twenty four hours the stranger had become so bright that it outshone Capella.
This was April th, and with the dusk would come the hellish Sabbat time which all the foreigners and the superstitious old folk feared.
Others snapped up what it left and ate with slavering relish.
Also, I must not dwell on what that factory inspector had told the Newburyport ticket agent about the Gilman House and the voices of its nocturnal tenants not on that, nor on the face beneath the tiara in the black church doorway; the face for whose horror my conscious mind could not account.
There had seemed to be no one in the courtyard below, and I hoped there would be a chance to get away before the spreading of a general alarm.
An hour later darkness found him in the open fields beyond Hangman's Brook, with the glimmering spring stars shining ahead.
They ate plentifully of fruit and red berries, and marked not the passing of time, but many years must have slipped away.
Annæus Stilpo half native in blood had sent to Balbutius at Calagurris for a cohort to stamp out the Sabbath on the terrible night.
The arms stirred disquietingly, the legs drew up, and various muscles contracted in a repulsive kind of writhing.
His facial aspect, too, was remarkable for its maturity; for though he shared his mother's and grandfather's chinlessness, his firm and precociously shaped nose united with the expression of his large, dark, almost Latin eyes to give him an air of quasi adulthood and well nigh preternatural intelligence.
But in Kingsport strange tales are abroad, and even the Terrible Old Man admits a thing untold by his grandfather.
Its designs, however, were far from modern in atmosphere and suggestion; for although the vagaries of cubism and futurism are many and wild, they do not often reproduce that cryptic regularity which lurks in prehistoric writing.
One could develop all sorts of aural delusions in this morbid old house for did not Gilman himself, even in daylight, now feel certain that noises other than rat scratchings came from the black voids beyond the slanting wall and above the slanting ceiling?
As I gained this respite I heard the battering at the two other doors abate, while a confused clatter came from the connecting door I had shielded with the bedstead.
That, I s'pose, was because gov'munt draft men was in taown arter 'sixty three.
The crowd stirred uneasily, recalling that this sprayer was expected to give the unseen horror a moment of visibility.
Over those horrors the evil moon now hung very low, but the puffy worms of the sea need no moon to feed by.
It was foreign talk, he thought, but he said the bad thing about it was the kind of voice that sometimes spoke.
I think he was then approaching forty years of age, for there were deep lines in the face, wan and hollow cheeked, but oval and actually beautiful; and touches of grey in the thick, waving hair and small full beard which had once been of the deepest raven black.
Then as I heard another crash I opened my eyes and beheld myself upon the platform of that lighthouse from whence I had sailed so many aeons ago.
After an hour his furtive taciturnity shewed signs of disappearing, but much to my disappointment he still sidetracked my questions about Innsmouth and its shadow haunted past.
Besides, the body would not be even approximately fresh the next night.
At night the subtle stirring of the black city outside, the sinister scurrying of rats in the wormy partitions, and the creaking of hidden timbers in the centuried house, were enough to give him a sense of strident pandemonium.
Seems they get a queer crowd there, for this fellow heard voices in other rooms though most of 'em was empty that gave him the shivers.
Undoubtedly the alien strain in the Innsmouth folk was stronger here than farther inland unless, indeed, the Innsmouth look were a disease rather than a blood strain, in which case this district might be held to harbour the more advanced cases.
I moved toward the window and would have drawn aside the nondescript curtains, when with a frightened rage even greater than before the dumb lodger was upon me again; this time motioning with his head toward the door as he nervously strove to drag me thither with both hands.
Wal, as I says, the natives met the things on the little volcanic islet goin' thar in canoes with the sacrifices et cet'ry, and bringin' back any of the gold like jools as was comin' to 'em.
He spoke, too, of that Edmund Carter who had just escaped hanging in the Salem witchcraft, and who had placed in an antique box a great silver key handed down from his ancestors.
He felt vaguely glad that all his relatives were distant and out of touch with him, for they could not have understood his mental life.
She had spoken also of the Black Man, of her oath, and of her new secret name of Nahab.
Three of the Emma's men, including Capt.
So Carter bought stranger books and sought out deeper and more terrible men of fantastic erudition; delving into arcana of consciousness that few have trod, and learning things about the secret pits of life, legend, and immemorial antiquity which disturbed him ever afterward.
After all, the strangest and maddest of myths are often merely symbols or allegories based upon truth and old Zadok must have seen everything which went on around Innsmouth for the last ninety years.
For in all that seething combustion no warmth lay, but only the clamminess of death and corruption.
Wonderful likewise were the gardens made by Zokkar the olden king.
At each outburst of Slater's violence, I would fit the transmitter to his forehead and the receiver to my own; constantly making delicate adjustments for various hypothetical wave lengths of intellectual energy.
There are not many persons who know what wonders are opened to them in the stories and visions of their youth; for when as children we listen and dream, we think but half formed thoughts, and when as men we try to remember, we are dulled and prosaic with the poison of life.
I wondered how many of those who had known the legends realised that additional link with the terrible which my wide reading had given me; that ominous item in the annals of morbid horror which tells of the creature Jacques Roulet, of Caude, who in was condemned to death as a daemoniac but afterward saved from the stake by the Paris parliament and shut in a madhouse.
I reply that I know nothing beyond what I saw.
At first the high priests liked not these festivals, for there had descended amongst them queer tales of how the sea green eikon had vanished, and how Taran Ish had died from fear and left a warning.
That a mind can find its greatest pleasure in escapes from the daily treadmill, and in original and dramatic recombinations of images usually thrown by habit and fatigue into the hackneyed patterns of actual existence, was something virtually incredible to his clear, practical, and logical intellect.
The man who had been Joe Slater, the Catskill decadent, was now gazing at me with a pair of luminous, expanded eyes whose blue seemed subtly to have deepened.
You did see it until it got dark.
Suddenly the sunshine seemed to lessen without the intervention of any discernible cloud.
I did not wholly disagree with him theoretically, yet held vague instinctive remnants of the primitive faith of my forefathers; so that I could not help eyeing the corpse with a certain amount of awe and terrible expectation.
Would I not like the guidance of one long practiced in these explorations, and possessed of local information profoundly deeper than any which an obvious newcomer could possibly have gained?
When Jermyn sailed for England, therefore, it was with the exultant probability that he would within a few months receive a priceless ethnological relic confirming the wildest of his great great great grandfather's narratives that is, the wildest which he had ever heard.
Great watery spaces opened out before me, and I seemed to wander through titanic sunken porticos and labyrinths of weedy Cyclopean walls with grotesque fishes as my companions.
Curiously enough, they seemed to have been chiselled badly out of proportion with their scenic background; for one of the creatures was shewn in the act of killing a whale represented as but little larger than himself.
It was the dank, humid cellar which somehow exerted the strongest repulsion on us, even though it was wholly above ground on the street side, with only a thin door and window pierced brick wall to separate it from the busy sidewalk.
Heh, heh Nobody never believes me naow when I tell 'em, an' I dun't s'pose you will, young feller though come to look at ye, ye hev kind o' got them sharp readin' eyes like Obed had.
I especially noted his new habit of muttering, for it was not like him to talk to himself.
And in the autumn of the year, when the winds from the north curse and whine, and the red leaved trees of the swamp mutter things to one another in the small hours of the morning under the horned waning moon, I sit by the casement and watch that star.
The chamber, measuring about twenty feet square, contained like the other rooms some rubbish which had once been furniture.
ever hear tell of a shoggoth? . . .
The Essex County histories on the library shelves had very little to say, except that the town was founded in , noted for shipbuilding before the Revolution, a seat of great marine prosperity in the early nineteenth century, and later a minor factory centre using the Manuxet as power.
He said, I push'd every Aspirant off the Slopes of Parnassus.
Advancing, I peered over the edge of that chasm which no line could fathom, and which was now a pandemonium of flickering flame and hideous uproar.
A Passer in the Storm For days after that hideous experience in the forest swathed mansion I lay nervously exhausted in my hotel room at Lefferts Corners.
So famous were Kalos and Musides, that none wondered when the Tyrant of Syracuse sent to them deputies to speak of the costly statue of Tyché which he had planned for his city.
And that night my dreams of piping flutes and marble peristyles came to a sudden and disquieting end; for upon the city in the valley I saw a pestilence descend, and then a frightful avalanche of wooded slopes that covered the dead bodies in the streets and left unburied only the temple of Artemis on the high peak, where the aged moon priestess Cleis lay cold and silent with a crown of ivory on her silver head.
When, to agree with him, I said I was distrustful of the Authenticity of Ossian's ms, Mr. Johnson said: That, Sir, does not do your Understanding particular Credit; for what all the Town is sensible of, is no great Discovery for a Grub Street Critick to make.
What was taking place in me?
What he wanted were bodies from which vitality had only just departed; bodies with every cell intact and capable of receiving again the impulse toward that mode of motion called life.
I remember how I read the book at last white faced, and locked in the attic room that I had long devoted to strange searchings.
The whole cohort now remained at a standstill, and as the torches faded I watched what I thought were fantastic shadows outlined in the sky by the spectral luminosity of the Via Lactea as it flowed through Perseus, Cassiopeia, Cepheus, and Cygnus.
He had had much trouble in discovering the proper formula, for each type of organism was found to need a stimulus especially adapted to it.
Not a living thing did I see, except for the scattered fishermen on the distant breakwater, and not a sound did I hear save the lapping of the harbour tides and the roar of the falls in the Manuxet.
I knew that much of my route must be visible from the Rowley road.
The waiting was gruesome, but West never faltered.
Trever was the son of prominent parents in Appleton.
His accursed city is sunken once more, for the Vigilant sailed over the spot after the April storm; but his ministers on earth still bellow and prance and slay around idol capped monoliths in lonely places.
Wise men told him his simple fancies were inane and childish, and he believed it because he could see that they might easily be so.
It was in March when the fresh element entered his lighter preliminary dreaming, and the nightmare shape of Brown Jenkin began to be companioned by the nebulous blur which grew more and more to resemble a bent old woman.
We switched from Tremont up Beacon, and Pickman left me at the corner of Joy, where I turned off.
Aira's beauty is past imagining, and none can tell of it without rapture, whilst of Oonai the camel drivers whisper leeringly.
What the hound was, and why it pursued me, were questions still vague; but I had first heard the baying in that ancient churchyard, and every subsequent event including St. John's dying whisper had served to connect the curse with the stealing of the amulet.
I've had 'em pointed out to me here though, come to think of it, the elder children don't seem to be around lately.
Some Kingsport fishermen heerd abaout the ketch an' come up in sloops, but they was all lost.
But Barzai was old and learned and had no fears, so led the way boldly up the slope that no man had scaled since the time of Sansu, who is written of with fright in the mouldy Pnakotic Manuscripts.
I began to feel that the tomb was mine, and to look forward with hot eagerness to the time when I might pass within that stone door and down those slimy stone steps in the dark.
No one cared to remain there amidst the stench and tarry stickiness, but all turned instinctively to the line of horrible prints leading on toward the wrecked Whateley farmhouse and the altar crowned slopes of Sentinel Hill.
Only these nothing more.
Old Man Marsh was never seen, but sometimes went to the works in a closed, curtained car.
Then they all sprang at him and tore him to pieces before my eyes, bearing the fragments away into that subterranean vault of fabulous abominations.
Beasts balk at the critters hosses wuss'n mules but when they got autos that was all right.
Nevertheless the change in the menace from vague premonition to immediate reality was a profound shock, and fell upon me with the force of a genuine blow.
Additional grottoes had been found, and the yield of yellow metal was exceedingly great; so that a mighty and heterogeneous army of miners toiled day and night in the numerous passages and rock hollows.
And peradventure it may be that Oonai the city of lutes and dancing is even the fair Aira thou seekest, for it is told that thou hast not known Aira since old days, and a name often changeth.
Fortunately no one was about, though a curious sort of buzz or roar seemed to be increasing in the direction of Town Square.
He reigns there still, and will reign happily forever, though below the cliffs at Innsmouth the channel tides played mockingly with the body of a tramp who had stumbled through the half deserted village at dawn; played mockingly, and cast it upon the rocks by ivy covered Trevor Towers, where a notably fat and especially offensive millionaire brewer enjoys the purchased atmosphere of extinct nobility.
Heretofore a recluse so far as I know his true name and origin never having passed his lips my friend now became frantic in his fear of solitude.
On March d, the manuscript continued, Wilcox failed to appear; and inquiries at his quarters revealed that he had been stricken with an obscure sort of fever and taken to the home of his family in Waterman Street.
Of great size and cunning workmanship must the statue be, for it was to form a wonder of nations and a goal of travellers.
Now that I had found them, my eagerness was again redoubled; for something in their arrangement dimly hinted that they might be only a few of many such, with dark, dumb counterparts wedged obscurely betwixt high blank walls and deserted rear tenements, or lurking lamplessly behind archways, unbetrayed by hordes of the foreign speaking or guarded by furtive and uncommunicative artists whose practices do not invite publicity or the light of day.
never heerd o' my pa no more. . .
My uncle, it seems, had quickly instituted a prodigiously far flung body of inquiries amongst nearly all the friends whom he could question without impertinence, asking for nightly reports of their dreams, and the dates of any notable visions for some time past.
We could not get bodies fresh enough to shew any trace of reason when reanimated, so had perforce created nameless horrors.
Here he found a shady road to Arkham, but no trail at all in the seaward direction he wished.
The dogs slavered and crouched close to the feet of the fear numbed family.
Indeed, old Sir Wade had possessed an intellectual zeal amounting almost to a mania; his bizarre conjectures on a prehistoric white Congolese civilisation earning him much ridicule when his book, Observations on the Several Parts of Africa, was published.
There were, it is true, exceptions; indeed, the horror which had caught the world's ear had happened in a treeless space remote alike from the mansion and from any connecting woods.
Many times afterward I saw him under the full moon, and ever did he beckon me.
Even more puzzling, though, was the final case which put an end to the renting of the house a series of anaemia deaths preceded by progressive madnesses wherein the patient would craftily attempt the lives of his relatives by incisions in the neck or wrist.
His clothing was badly rumpled, and Joe's crucifix was missing.
It was acutely uncanny, even when frightful and uncanny things were common, to encounter so blankly clueless a scene after such overwhelming occurrences; and we moved about beneath the leaden, darkening sky with that tragic directionless zeal which results from a combined sense of futility and necessity of action.
The town was now a city, and one by one the cabins gave place to houses; simple, beautiful houses of brick and wood, with stone steps and iron railings and fanlights over the doors.
Instead of the hillside tomb, it was the charred cellar on the crest of the slope whose presiding daemon beckoned to me with unseen fingers.
In Babson Street, which crossed Federal and might thus reveal me to the searchers, I clung as closely as possible to the sagging, uneven buildings; twice pausing in a doorway as the noises behind me momentarily increased.
The number it had killed was fourteen; three of the bodies had been in stricken homes and had not been alive.
The Horror from the Shadows Many men have related hideous things, not mentioned in print, which happened on the battlefields of the Great War.
My health and appearance grew steadily worse, till finally I was forced to give up my position and adopt the static, secluded life of an invalid.
This fusion of dream and reality was too much to bear.
Tucked obscurely away in a corner of the Arkham Advertiser was a facetious little item from the Associated Press, telling what a record breaking monster the bootleg whiskey of Dunwich had raised up.
Instinct guided him in his wriggle through the transom, and in the crawl which followed his jarring thud on the damp ground.
After a while there was utter blackness, and then the light of myriad stars forming strange, alien constellations.
Back Bay isn't Boston it isn't anything yet, because it's had no time to pick up memories and attract local spirits.
Zann's screaming viol now outdid itself, emitting sounds I had never thought a viol could emit.
The thing itself, however, crowded out all other images at the time.
I don't believe there were three houses in sight that hadn't been standing in Cotton Mather's time certainly I glimpsed at least two with an overhang, and once I thought I saw a peaked roof line of the almost forgotten pre gambrel type, though antiquarians tell us there are none left in Boston.
I will repeat here what he said, underlining the words he emphasised: He is calling He is calling I hear him We must go As he spoke he took his ivory image from the table, pocketed it, and seized my arm in an effort to drag me up the companionway to the deck.
The soft, stealthy, imaginary footsteps in the sealed loft above were unnerving.
Later, it seems, he and one companion boarded the yacht and tried to manage her, but were beaten about by the storm of April nd.
But at that time some force from outside must serve to liberate Their bodies.
He at no time fully described this object, but occasional frantic words, as repeated by Dr. Tobey, convinced the professor that it must be identical with the nameless monstrosity he had sought to depict in his dream sculpture.
Loathsomeness waits and dreams in the deep, and decay spreads over the tottering cities of men.
You'll notice a little in Sargent if you take his bus.
Some of the neighbouring families who had heard tales of old Sir Wade Jermyn's unseen Portuguese wife declared that her Latin blood must be shewing itself; but most persons merely sneered at his sensitiveness to beauty, attributing it to his music hall mother, who was socially unrecognised.
Over the library mantel in his home hung the exact replica of that picture, and all his life he had known and loved its original.
Scores of rabbits and guinea pigs had been killed and treated, but their trail was a blind one.
I allus says Col' Spring Glen ain't no healthy nor decent place.
Then there was another our first whose exact fate we had never learned.
It was a octopus, centipede, spider kind o' thing, but they was a haff shaped man's face on top of it, an' it looked like Wizard Whateley's, only it was yards an' yards acrost. . .
I myself had just alighted from a litter, which the Illyrian bearers seemed to have brought in some haste from Calagurris, across the Iberus to the southward.
At evening Iranon sang, and while he sang an old man prayed and a blind man said he saw a nimbus over the singer's head.
The reason why Arthur Jermyn's charred fragments were not collected and buried lies in what was found afterward, principally the thing in the box.
At a.m. the next day I commenced digging.
But though the dreaded Martenses were gone, the fear of the haunted house continued; and grew very acute when new and strange stories arose among the mountain decadents.
The landlord was in, and greeted him pleasantly.
The man did not speak, and bore no trace of expression on his small, regular features.
I cannot think of the deep sea without shuddering at the nameless things that may at this very moment be crawling and floundering on its slimy bed, worshipping their ancient stone idols and carving their own detestable likenesses on submarine obelisks of water soaked granite.
He's the beatin'est boy fer runnin' off in the woods I ever see; haff the time a settin' moonin' raound that snake den in the upper timber lot . . .
Then the lids opened, shewing eyes which were grey, calm, and alive, but still unintelligent and not even curious.
Many were the pillars of the palaces, all of tinted marble, and carven into designs of surpassing beauty.
Our experiences had often been hideous in the extreme; the results of defective reanimation, when lumps of graveyard clay had been galvanised into morbid, unnatural, and brainless motion by various modifications of the vital solution.
The enigmas of the Symbolists and the ecstasies of the pre Raphaelites all were ours in their time, but each new mood was drained too soon of its diverting novelty and appeal.
That the psychic or intellectual life might be impaired by the slight deterioration of sensitive brain cells which even a short period of death would be apt to cause, West fully realised.
Psychologically my case is most interesting, and I regret that it cannot be observed scientifically by a competent German authority.
Then one night his grandfather reminded him of a key.
Out of the South it was that the White Ship used to come when the moon was full and high in the heavens.
It is sufficient for me to relate events without analysing causes.
He read avidly by himself now; but talked much less than formerly.
Had my uncle referred to these cases by name instead of merely by number, I should have attempted some corroboration and personal investigation; but as it was, I succeeded in tracing down only a few.
Tradition emphasises the uselessness of material barriers in halting a witch's motions; and who can say what underlies the old tales of broomstick rides through the night?
When I asked the watchman what sounds he had heard prior to the mighty thunderbolt, he mentioned a coyote, a dog, and the snarling mountain wind nothing more.
Every shade of New England dialect, from the uncouth syllables of the Puritan colonists to the precise rhetoric of fifty years ago, seemed represented in that shadowy colloquy, though it was only later that I noticed the fact.
Presently the old man drew back his hood and pointed to the family resemblance in his face, but I only shuddered, because I was sure that the face was merely a devilish waxen mask.
His expressionless face was handsome to the point of radiant beauty, but had shocked the superintendent when the hall light fell on it for it was a wax face with eyes of painted glass.
At last beginning my attempt, I lunged again and again at the thin panelling with my left shoulder, heedless of shock or pain.
Inside was a little vestibule with walls from which the plaster was falling, and through the doorway came a faint but peculiarly hateful odour.
I don't believe anybody since Goya could put so much of sheer hell into a set of features or a twist of expression.
Strangers and Tegeans stood aghast, looking from the wreckage to the great, sinister tree whose aspect was so weirdly human and whose roots reached so queerly into the sculptured sepulchre of Kalos.
If, on the other hand, he could be restored, our fame would be brilliantly and perpetually established.
West, young despite his marvellous scientific acquirements, had scant patience with good Dr. Halsey and his erudite colleagues; and nursed an increasing resentment, coupled with a desire to prove his theories to these obtuse worthies in some striking and dramatic fashion.
He worked largely by feeling now, since newly gathered clouds hid the moon; and though progress was still slow, he felt heartened at the extent of his encroachments on the top and bottom of the aperture.
They were the dissimilar Martense eyes of the old legends, and I knew in one inundating cataclysm of voiceless horror what had become of that vanished family; the terrible and thunder crazed house of Martense.
God knows, though, that the prosy tale which George Birch's death permits me to tell has in it aspects beside which some of our darkest tragedies are light.
The mill hands were of somewhat turbulent inclinations; and besides their many natural needs, their frequent clashes and stabbing affrays gave us plenty to do.
That peddler told the store loungers at Dunwich Village that he thought he heard a horse stamping on that floor above.
The Jermyns never seemed to look quite right something was amiss, though Arthur was the worst, and the old family portraits in Jermyn House shewed fine faces enough before Sir Wade's time.
Joe insisted that the poor young gentleman wear his nickel chained crucifix, and Gilman put it on and dropped it inside his shirt to humour the fellow.
Her own attitude toward shadowed Innsmouth which she had never seen was one of disgust at a community slipping far down the cultural scale, and she assured me that the rumours of devil worship were partly justified by a peculiar secret cult which had gained force there and engulfed all the orthodox churches.
In his brief conversation the stranger had made it clear that he was unknown in Bolton, and a search of his pockets subsequently revealed him to be one Robert Leavitt of St. Louis, apparently without a family to make instant inquiries about his disappearance.
But the bearded man said to me: Beware of those perilous seas wherein men say Cathuria lies.
The light was dim, but Birch's sight was good, and he did not get Asaph Sawyer's coffin by mistake, although it was very similar.
You know it's always ben a kind of mystery where the Marshes get the gold they refine.
The trunk had moved intelligently; and, unbelievable to relate, we were both sickeningly sure that articulate sounds had come from the detached head as it lay in a shadowy corner of the laboratory.
But of those mysterious allies no coherent account could ever be gained.
Hidden behind heavy curtains stood the two unfinished figures of Tyché, little touched of late by the sick man and his faithful attendant.
There was no one in the soaking street, and in all the world there was no one I dared tell.
They told me I had taken the wrong fork of the hill road the night before, and fallen over the cliffs at Orange Point; a thing they deduced from prints found in the snow.
It wasn't the scaly claws nor the mould caked body nor the half hooved feet none of these, though any one of them might well have driven an excitable man to madness.
They dressed its wound and carted it to the asylum at Sefton, where it beat its head against the walls of a padded cell for sixteen years until the recent mishap, when it escaped under circumstances that few like to mention.
He had sufficient strength to get home, but was so clearly in need of medical aid that Dr. Hartwell was summoned at once.
As they reached the broad open space where I had had my first disquieting glimpse of the moonlit water I could see them plainly only a block away and was horrified by the bestial abnormality of their faces and the dog like sub humanness of their crouching gait.
Mercy was a plain, raw boned woman of great strength; but her health visibly declined from the time of her advent.
I am not even certain how I am communicating this message.
I think I had a family then though the details are very uncertain and I know there were many servants.
So once more the White Ship followed the bird of heaven, over warm blessed seas fanned by caressing, aromatic breezes.
His pleas, however, were wholly in vain; for the decision of Dr. Halsey was inflexible, and the other professors all endorsed the verdict of their leader.
When Sir Robert Jermyn emerged from his library he left behind the strangled corpse of the explorer, and before he could be restrained, had put an end to all three of his children; the two who were never seen, and the son who had run away.
The natives, all of whom had talked with the policemen, seemed at first as perplexed as Armitage and his companions.
No doubt it had become out of order, like so many other things in this decrepit edifice.
Harsh but impressive polysyllables had replaced the customary mixture of bad Spanish and worse English, and of these only the oft repeated cry Huitzilopotchli seemed in the least familiar.
Especially was it unwise to rave of the living things that might haunt such a place; of creatures half of the jungle and half of the impiously aged city fabulous creatures which even a Pliny might describe with scepticism; things that might have sprung up after the great apes had overrun the dying city with the walls and the pillars, the vaults and the weird carvings.
I'll never get the picture out of my head as long as I live.
That is, sailors that didn't hail from Innsmouth.
Reference to this object, the doctor added, was invariably a prelude to the young man's subsidence into lethargy.
Sargent threw out a mail bag and a roll of newspapers, and entered the hotel; while the passengers the same men whom I had seen arriving in Newburyport that morning shambled to the sidewalk and exchanged some faint guttural words with a loafer in a language I could have sworn was not English.
At Sabbat time it always mounted and reached through to the worlds to summon the initiate to nameless rites.
Armitage heard the savage yelping of the great watchdog, and studied Whateley's gorilla like lope as he crossed the bit of campus visible from the window.
Great holes secretly are digged where earth's pores ought to suffice, and things have learnt to walk that ought to crawl.
However, he knew that he had actually become a somnambulist; for twice at night his room had been found vacant, though with all his clothing in place.
How strange seemed the denizens with their walking sticks, tall beavers, and cropped heads New sounds came from the distance first strange puffings and shrieks from the river a mile away, and then, many years later, strange puffings and shrieks and rumblings from other directions.
On spring evenings it would be low in the northeast.
The professor had been stricken whilst returning from the Newport boat; falling suddenly, as witnesses said, after having been jostled by a nautical looking negro who had come from one of the queer dark courts on the precipitous hillside which formed a short cut from the waterfront to the deceased's home in Williams Street.
The tail of that sinuous line of night marchers seemed very horrible, and as I saw them wriggling into a venerable tomb they seemed more horrible still.
dee Hi Hi Randy A swaying lantern came around the black bend, and old Benijah pounced on the silent and bewildered form of the pilgrim.
I now believed that the lurking fear was no material thing, but a wolf fanged ghost that rode the midnight lightning.
He did not employ the music rack, but offering no choice and playing from memory, enchanted me for over an hour with strains I had never heard before; strains which must have been of his own devising.
In the darkness I raised my free hand and tested the barrier, finding it stone and immovable.
God, ef anybody'd look'd ahead . . .
But more wonderful than the lore of old men and the lore of books is the secret lore of ocean.
Things are hunting me now the things that devour and dissolve but I know how to elude them.
Examining one day the reserve specimens roughly set on the storage shelves in a rear room of the museum, my eye was caught by an odd picture in one of the old papers spread beneath the stones.
The air had begun to be exceedingly unwholesome; but to this detail he paid no attention as he toiled, half by feeling, at the heavy and corroded metal of the latch.
Gifted and learned, he took highest honours at Oxford and seemed likely to redeem the intellectual fame of his family.
This town had some queer people, and there had undoubtedly been several disappearances.
Water Street was almost its duplicate, save that there were great seaward gaps where wharves had been.
In March, , a gale wrecked the roof and great chimney of the vacant Witch House, so that a chaos of crumbling bricks, blackened, moss grown shingles, and rotting planks and timbers crashed down into the loft and broke through the floor beneath.
Their waving translucent arms, guided by the detestable piping of those unseen flutes, beckoned in uncanny rhythm to a throng of lurching labourers who followed dog like with blind, brainless, floundering steps as if dragged by a clumsy but resistless daemon will.
When Gilman climbed up a ladder to the cobwebbed level loft above the rest of the attic he found vestiges of a bygone aperture tightly and heavily covered with ancient planking and secured by the stout wooden pegs common in colonial carpentry.
A strange headline item had struck at him from the crumpled pages, and a nameless titan claw had seemed to reach down through sixteen years.
Then I told him what I had found in an old diary kept between and , unearthed among family papers not a mile from where we were sitting; that, and the certain reality of the scars on my ancestor's chest and back which the diary described.
Returning to the submarine, I turned off the lights and sat thinking in the dark.
She had never been to school, but was filled with disjointed scraps of ancient lore that Old Whateley had taught her.
He got in communication with Dr. Houghton of Aylesbury, who had attended Old Whateley in his last illness, and found much to ponder over in the grandfather's last words as quoted by the physician.
Excavated back into the hillside, the structure is visible only at the entrance.
These pastimes were to us the most exquisite form of aesthetic expression, and we gave their details a fastidious technical care.
His impassioned lectures in defence of Villon, , Verlaine, and Oscar Wilde were applied to himself as well, and in the short Indian summer of his glory there was talk of a renewed engagement at a certain cultured home on Park Avenue.
The man paused, and another of the crowd spoke.
So far I had seen no people in the town, but there now came signs of a sparse habitation curtained windows here and there, and an occasional battered motor car at the curb.
There was a formula a sort of list of things to say and do which I recognised as something black and forbidden; something which I had read of before in furtive paragraphs of mixed abhorrence and fascination penned by those strange ancient delvers into the universe's guarded secrets whose decaying texts I loved to absorb.
Had he been sleep walking within his room, and had the rat bitten him as he sat in some chair or paused in some less rational position?
No teacher urged or guided me, and I do not recall hearing any human voice in all those years not even my own; for although I had read of speech, I had never thought to try to speak aloud.
No longer could he share the peculiarities and prejudices of the Martenses, while the very mountain thunderstorms failed to intoxicate him as they had before.
That I had previously overestimated our depth, I was sure; but none the less we must still be deep enough to make these phenomena remarkable.
I felt subtly that the apartment of this ancient victim was best for my purposes.
Only by chance did I go to the north window and look out upon the silent village and the plain at the edge of the bog.
We expelled the bodies through the double hatches and were alone in the U .
The trail up and down Sentinel Hill seemed to Armitage of almost cataclysmic significance, and he looked long at the sinister altar like stone on the summit.
In truth, much as the owners of cats hated these odd folk, they feared them more; and instead of berating them as brutal assassins, merely took care that no cherished pet or mouser should stray toward the remote hovel under the dark trees.
I felt disinclined to sit down, and wandered about examining the various articles which I had noticed.
Friends had held him when he drew a stiletto, but West departed amidst his inhuman shrieks, curses, and oaths of vengeance.
So, climbing out of the window and down the improvised rope ladder, I left behind me forever the morbid and horror infested fabric of the Gilman House.
Nor was any child to be born alive in that house for a century and a half.
People sometimes heard the queerest kind of sounds.
Born on Candlemas nine months after May Eve of , when the talk about the queer earth noises reached clear to Arkham What walked on the mountains that May Night?
Next would come the south windows, under the great low eaves on the side where he stood; and it must be said that he was more than uncomfortable as he thought of the detestable house on one side and the vacancy of upper air on the other.
Maddened by the sound, or by the stench which billowed forth even to the open air, the waiting horse gave a scream that was too frantic for a neigh, and plunged madly off through the night, the wagon rattling crazily behind it.
On the third day Slater was found unconscious in the hollow of a tree, and taken to the nearest gaol; where alienists from Albany examined him as soon as his senses returned.
I know I'm more nervous than I was when you saw me last year, but you don't need to hold a clinic over it.
Dr. Armitage knew, from the repeated failures of his colleagues, that the riddle was a deep and complex one; and that no simple mode of solution could merit even a trial.
She was intoning some croaking ritual in a language which Gilman could not understand, but which seemed like something guardedly quoted in the Necronomicon.
Y'ha nthlei was not destroyed when the upper earth men shot death into the sea.
The neighbours grumblingly acquiesced in the inertia but the foetor none the less formed an additional count against the place.
Now north of archaic Kingsport the crags climb lofty and curious, terrace on terrace, till the northernmost hangs in the sky like a grey frozen wind cloud.
Complaints from many liberal organisations were met with long confidential discussions, and representatives were taken on trips to certain camps and prisons.
Either he was born in strange shadow, or he'd found a way to unlock the forbidden gate.
Of their faces and forms I dare not speak in detail; for the mere remembrance makes me grow faint.
Considering this topography, we had finally concluded that the daemon must have come by way of Cone Mountain, a wooded southern prolongation of which ran to within a short distance of the westernmost spur of Tempest Mountain.
Of genuine blood there was none; only the foetid greenish yellow ichor which trickled along the painted floor beyond the radius of the stickiness, and left a curious discolouration behind it.
Parker slipped as the other three were plunging frenziedly over endless vistas of green crusted rock to the boat, and Johansen swears he was swallowed up by an angle of masonry which shouldn't have been there; an angle which was acute, but behaved as if it were obtuse.
The cuttings largely alluded to outré mental illnesses and outbreaks of group folly or mania in the spring of .
There was something very disturbing about the nauseous sketches and half finished monstrosities that leered around from every side of the room, and when Pickman suddenly unveiled a huge canvas on the side away from the light I could not for my life keep back a loud scream the second I had emitted that night.
His long hair and flowing beard were of a terrible and intense black hue, and of incredible profusion.
The flutes piped horribly, and again I heard the beating of the drums from the direction of the island ruin.
It's my business to catch the overtones of the soul, and you won't find those in a parvenu set of artificial streets on made land.
Kadath in the cold waste hath known Them, and what man knows Kadath?
All the terror I had dimly felt before rushed upon me actively and vividly, and I knew that I loathed the ancient and abhorrent creature so near me with an infinite intensity.
His name was Barzai the Wise, and the villagers tell of how he went up a mountain on the night of the strange eclipse.
Some of 'em have queer narrow heads with flat noses and bulgy, stary eyes that never seem to shut, and their skin ain't quite right.
But the worst shock came when my uncle shewed me the Orne jewellery in a downtown safe deposit vault.
The poor fellow was young, rather dark, and very handsome; probably an Italian or Greek, and undoubtedly of the Victory's crew.
Sometimes a lone poet or traveller would come to view them, and would try to picture them in their vanished glory; yet of such travellers and poets there were not many.
It was partly because of that laugh that Reid dropped him.
It had ended horribly in a delirium of fear which we gradually came to attribute to our own overwrought nerves and West had never afterward been able to shake off a maddening sensation of being haunted and hunted.
On this deep bony layer rested a knife of great size, obvious antiquity, and grotesque, ornate, and exotic design above which the debris was piled.
We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far.
It was a simple, rambling thing a naive sailor's effort at a post facto diary and strove to recall day by day that last awful voyage.
And again we saw a tram car, lone, windowless, dilapidated, and almost on its side.
His screams had reached the house, and I had hastened to the terrible scene in time to hear a whir of wings and see a vague black cloudy thing silhouetted against the rising moon.
Someone telephoned the news to the Aylesbury Transcript; but the editor, accustomed to wild tales from Dunwich, did no more than concoct a humorous paragraph about it; an item soon afterward reproduced by the Associated Press.
Foremost of all are the great columns and frieze, both decorated with sculptures of inexpressible beauty; obviously portraying idealised pastoral scenes and processions of priests and priestesses bearing strange ceremonial devices in adoration of a radiant god.
At the end of the cut it would cross the track and swerve off to a safer distance; but meanwhile I must be exceedingly careful.
The tenant adjoining him complained of the icy air from around the connecting door, so I helped him fit heavy hangings to obviate the difficulty.
The trees of the frequent forest belts seem too large, and the wild weeds, brambles, and grasses attain a luxuriance not often found in settled regions.
That he really knew nothing of the hidden cult, save from what my uncle's relentless catechism had let fall, he soon made clear; and again I strove to think of some way in which he could possibly have received the weird impressions.
And swarming loathsomely on aërial galleries I saw the yellow, squint eyed people of that city, robed horribly in orange and red, and dancing insanely to the pounding of fevered kettle drums, the clatter of obscene crotala, and the maniacal moaning of muted horns whose ceaseless dirges rose and fell undulantly like the waves of an unhallowed ocean of bitumen.
Well that paper wasn't a photograph of any background, after all.
By the middle of October we were puzzled by our lack of progress.
It was the design of Angelo Ricci and Joe Czanek and Manuel Silva to call on the Terrible Old Man.
Its rowers, though distantly and indistinctly seen, were of an especially repellent aspect.
The small, weather worn telephone poles carried only two wires.
He would babble of current topics, revealing a wide acquaintance with newspapers and a great tendency to philosophise in a sententious village fashion.
Most distinctly Birch was lax, insensitive, and professionally undesirable; yet I still think he was not an evil man.
I don't have to tell you why a Fuseli really brings a shiver while a cheap ghost story frontispiece merely makes us laugh.
They said it had been there before D'Iberville, before La Salle, before the Indians, and before even the wholesome beasts and birds of the woods.
Of the fate of that cohort no record exists, but the town at least was saved for encyclopædias tell of the survival of Pompelo to this day, under the modern Spanish name of Pompelona. . . .
Morning came wanly, and the night sounds ceased.
What was the land of these wanderers none could tell; but it was seen that they were given to strange prayers, and that they had painted on the sides of their wagons strange figures with human bodies and the heads of cats, hawks, rams, and lions.
But most of the men of Teloth yawned, and some laughed and some went away to sleep; for Iranon told nothing useful, singing only his memories, his dreams, and his hopes.
Near the hut, close to a rather unusual rock fissure, had lain two skeletons, newly picked by vultures, and presumably forming the sole remains of his parents.
And frightened as I was, I yet retained enough of perception to note that his speech, when articulate, was not of any sort known to me.
The old tracks crossed River Street at grade, and at once veered off into a region increasingly rural and with less and less of Innsmouth's abhorrent fishy odour.
Then we both tried together, and with exotic drugs courted terrible and forbidden dreams in the tower studio chamber of the old manor house in hoary Kent.
Heh, heh, heh, heh Beginnin' to see, hey?
They were so hideously silent; there was hardly a squeal when one of the last stragglers turned with the skill of long practice to make a meal in accustomed fashion on a weaker companion.
It would be too much . . .
All men paid homage to Kalos and Musides, and marvelled that no shadow of artistic jealousy cooled the warmth of their brotherly friendship.
Upon coming back, after the death of Lady Jermyn, he himself assumed complete care of the boy.
Despite a strong physical resemblance to his father, his appearance and conduct were in many particulars so coarse that he was universally shunned.
Now swift and splintering blows assailed the sickly panels, and I saw the gleam of a tomahawk as it cleft the rending wood.
When the doctor arrived and began to pull down those frightful covers Walter Gilman was dead.
All were pointing to a certain passage, and every face seemed so distorted with epileptic and reverberant laughter that I almost thought I heard the fiendish echoes.
Then, from the farthermost regions of remoteness, the sound softly glided into existence.
Immediately upon beholding this amulet we knew that we must possess it; that this treasure alone was our logical pelf from the centuried grave.
Then the floor gave way at last, and I slid gaspingly down into the nighted chamber below, choking with cobwebs and half swooning with terror.
The baying was loud that evening, and in the morning I read of a nameless deed in the vilest quarter of the city.
As may well be imagined, I gave up most of the foreplanned features of the rest of my tour the scenic, architectural, and antiquarian diversions on which I had counted so heavily.
The heavy folds reached fully to the abutting roof, and I saw that the rings and catch would be likely to bear my weight.
All the torches now began to dim, and the cries of frightened legionaries mingled with the unceasing screams of the tethered horses.
Somehow I doubt if it was stolen by mortal hands, for many strange things were taught me in India.
His name was John Raymond Legrasse, and he was by profession an Inspector of Police.
an' Gawd in heaven that haff face on top . .
When these things palled, disappointed, or grew nauseous through revulsion, they cultivated irony and bitterness, and found fault with the social order.
And over all rose thoughts and fears which centred in the youth from the sea and the ivory image whose carving was duplicated on the frieze and columns of the temple before me.
Once I thrust a candle within the nearly closed entrance, but could see nothing save a flight of damp stone steps leading downward.
He considered it an obligation to his ward to make the most of all the boy's property, nor did he concern himself with the deaths and illnesses which caused so many changes of tenants, or the steadily growing aversion with which the house was generally regarded.
Then came a noxious rush of noisome, frigid air from that same dreaded direction, followed by a piercing shriek just beside me on that shocking rifted tomb of man and monster.
Having strown it with fir boughs, all now rested on it with drawn automatics, two relaxing while the third watched.
But when I gently shook his shoulder he turned on me with astonishing alertness and snapped out some more obscure phrases.
The loft above the ceiling which must have had a slanting floor was likewise inaccessible.
His little old servant Parks, who for years bore patiently with his vagaries, last saw him on the morning he drove off alone in his car with a key he had recently found.
But memory never died, and high priests said that the city would rise again when the stars were right.
Molehills . . . the damned place must be honeycombed . . .
Physicians had told me of the danger of those spells, and I knew there was no time to be lost; so remembering what the landlady had said about the invalid's help of the injured workman, I dragged myself upstairs and knocked feebly at the door above mine.
Yet where had the fellow got such an odd notion?
He could, he was sure, get out by midnight though it is characteristic of him that this thought was untinged with eerie implications.
Its forests are of aloe and sandalwood, even as the fragrant groves of Camorin, and among the trees flutter gay birds sweet with song.
The stout, shrewd faced agent, whose speech shewed him to be no local man, seemed sympathetic toward my efforts at economy, and made a suggestion that none of my other informants had offered.
A second later the downward motion of the knife broke the spell completely, and he dropped the bowl with a resounding bell like clangour while his hands darted out frantically to stop the monstrous deed.
I knew that I could not accost him then and there, for the firemen would surely notice and object.
There was evidently, however, no pursuer; for he was alone and alive when Armington, the lodge keeper, answered his feeble clawing at the door.
I called the peak a bit of outcropping rock, but Klenze thought he saw carvings on it.
Against the moon vast clouds of feathery watchers rose and raced from sight, frantic at that which they had sought for prey.
All too well did we trace the sinister lineaments described by the old Arab daemonologist; lineaments, he wrote, drawn from some obscure supernatural manifestation of the souls of those who vexed and gnawed at the dead.
But I did not pursue this course for more than a moment; for when the dumb musician recognised the whistled air his face grew suddenly distorted with an expression wholly beyond analysis, and his long, cold, bony right hand reached out to stop my mouth and silence the crude imitation.
At last we lost sight of Plum Island and saw the vast expanse of the open Atlantic on our left.
He was calmer than I as he forced a large quantity of his fluid into a vein of the body's arm, immediately binding the incision securely.
But though Iranon was sad he ceased not to sing, and at evening told again his dreams of Aira, the city of marble and beryl.
Subsequently he seemed to be satisfied, and crossing to a chair by the table wrote a brief note, handed it to me, and returned to the table, where he began to write rapidly and incessantly.
People begun to fall off mills an' shops shet daown shippin' stopped an' the harbour choked up railrud give up but they . . .
For a time Mercy could secure no more help, since the seven deaths and case of madness, all occurring within five years' space, had begun to set in motion the body of fireside rumour which later became so bizarre.
The archaic lanes and houses and unexpected bits of square and court had indeed delighted me, and when I found the poets and artists to be loud voiced pretenders whose quaintness is tinsel and whose lives are a denial of all that pure beauty which is poetry and art, I stayed on for love of these venerable things.
That child, a boy, came in December; but was still born.
The pile of tools soon reached, and a hammer and chisel selected, Birch returned over the coffins to the door.
For three months Keziah and Brown Jenkin had not been near Joe's room, nor near Paul Choynski's room, nor anywhere else and it meant no good when they held off like that.
Thereafter those in the towers and without the walls beheld strange lights on the water, and saw that the grey rock Akurion, which was wont to rear high above it near the shore, was almost submerged.
We talked often in the night, and in the day, when I chiselled busts of him and carved miniature heads in ivory to immortalise his different expressions.
Poor old soul to what pitiful depths of hallucination had his liquor, plus his hatred of the decay, alienage, and disease around him, brought that fertile, imaginative brain He began to moan now, and tears were coursing down his channelled cheeks into the depths of his beard.
The boxes were fairly even, and could be piled up like blocks; so he began to compute how he might most stably use the eight to rear a scalable platform four deep.
All this Johansen did not suspect, but God knows he soon saw enough I suppose that only a single mountain top, the hideous monolith crowned citadel whereon great Cthulhu was buried, actually emerged from the waters.
Handsome knights they were, astride roan horses and clad in shining armour with tabards of cloth of gold curiously emblazoned.
Three coffin heights, he reckoned, would permit him to reach the transom; but he could do better with four.
Had my uncle, in his latter years, become credulous of the most superficial impostures?
Again the infinitude of the shrieking twilight abysses flashed past him, but in another second he thought he was in a dark, muddy, unknown alley of foetid odours, with the rotting walls of ancient houses towering up on every hand.
shaoutin' in Ol' Squar an' Taown Squar an' New Church Green . . .
I was glad of that tide, for at high water the fishy smell might not be so bad.
Elwood will never forget it, and was forced to stay out of college the rest of the term because of the resulting nervous breakdown.
Almost the first long passage that Armitage deciphered, an entry dated November , , proved highly startling and disquieting.
When we asked them to help us find Bennett and Tobey they were truly distressed; for they wanted to help us, yet knew that these victims had gone as wholly out of the world as their own missing people.
They were that kind the old lattice windows that went out of use before .
Piles of moss covered stones near the water promised tolerable seats, and the scene was sheltered from all possible view by a ruined warehouse on the north.
Last night I swallowed the drug and floated dreamily into the golden valley and the shadowy groves; and when I came this time to the antique wall, I saw that the small gate of bronze was ajar.
Some power from heaven, coming to my aid, obliterated both sights and sounds in such a crash as may be heard when two universes collide in space.
While they were talking Desrochers dropped in to say that he had heard a terrific clattering overhead in the dark small hours.
Presently he realised what he was listening for the hellish chant of the celebrants in the distant black valley.
So the White Ship sailed on past the walls of Thalarion, and followed for many days a southward flying bird, whose glossy plumage matched the sky out of which it had appeared.
This man, Joseph D. Galvez, I later met and questioned; and he proved distractingly imaginative.
The government men never found poor Zadok, and have no conjectures to make as to what became of him.
She had asked her neighbour Mary Czanek to sleep in the room and try to protect the child, but Mary had not dared.
Then she up an' spoke suddent of a fearful smell, an' says her boy Cha'ncey was a screamin' as haow it was jest like what he smelt up to the Whateley rewins Monday mornin'.
Then I thought with renewed force of what the factory inspector had heard in the night in this mouldering and pestilential building.
On his throat were the marks of murderous hands, and on his left ankle was a distressing rat bite.
The other three were what sent him unconscious for they were living entities about eight feet high, shaped precisely like the spiky images on the balustrade, and propelling themselves by a spider like wriggling of their lower set of starfish arms.
Everything seemed to me tainted with a loathsome contagion, and inspired by a noxious alliance with distorted hidden powers.
I awoke to red madness and the mockery of diabolism, as farther and farther down inconceivable vistas that phobic and crystalline anguish retreated and reverberated.
There was a strain of morbidity there, and my mother had never encouraged my visiting her parents as a child, although she always welcomed her father when he came to Toledo.
Well meaning philosophers had taught him to look into the logical relations of things, and analyse the processes which shaped his thoughts and fancies.
generally stopped at the Mansion House in Benefit Street the renamed Golden Ball Inn whose roof has sheltered Washington, Jefferson, and Lafayette and his favourite walk led northward along the same street to Mrs. Whitman's home and the neighbouring hillside churchyard of St. John's, whose hidden expanse of eighteenth century gravestones had for him a peculiar fascination.
Instantly the outside knocking became a violent battering, while keys sounded ominously in the hall doors of the rooms on both sides of me.
The fellahin knelt when they saw him, yet could not say why.
Then suddenly all thoughts of time were blotted out by an onrushing image of sharp intensity and unaccountable horror which had seized me before I knew what it really was.
Where does madness leave off and reality begin?
Other traditions tell of foul odours near the hill crowning circles of stone pillars, and of rushing airy presences to be heard faintly at certain hours from stated points at the bottom of the great ravines; while still others try to explain the Devil's Hop Yard a bleak, blasted hillside where no tree, shrub, or grass blade will grow.
That the influence of the old house was unwholesome, he could not deny; but traces of his early morbid interest still held him there.
We carried the thing down to the laboratory listening.
At last the noise of the cattle subsided to a pitiful moaning, and a great snapping, crashing, and crackling ensued.
For them are the catacombs of Ptolemais, and the carven mausolea of the nightmare countries.
He was a victim of physical and nervous suffering, as was I; and my metaphysical studies had taught me kindness.
Besides, the head of the institution had but lately warned me in his paternal way that I was overworking; that my mind needed a rest.
They said the place had a febrile smell.
His remains, notwithstanding the troubled state of Italy, were taken to Ravenna for interment; but being interred in the suburb of Classe, were exhumed and ridiculed by the Lombard Duke of Spoleto, who took his skull to King Autharis for use as a wassail bowl.
I do not know how long I gazed at this sight from the lonely turret window before I dropped suddenly in a dreamless swoon, out of which the high sun of morning aroused me.
But at the time of the scream in the cellar laboratory of the isolated Bolton cottage, our fears were subordinate to our anxiety for extremely fresh specimens.
Wilbur had with him the priceless but imperfect copy of Dr. Dee's English version which his grandfather had bequeathed him, and upon receiving access to the Latin copy he at once began to collate the two texts with the aim of discovering a certain passage which would have come on the st page of his own defective volume.
Walls, columns, and architraves of living fire blazed effulgently around the spot where I seemed to float in air; extending upward to an infinitely high vaulted dome of indescribable splendour.
Only a very rare affliction, of course, could bring about such vast and radical anatomical changes in a single individual after maturity changes involving osseous factors as basic as the shape of the skull but then, even this aspect was no more baffling and unheard of than the visible features of the malady as a whole.
The next April sickness occurred among the children, and Abigail and Ruth died before the month was over.
It may have been gold, but I did not pause to examine it, for I was strangely affected by that which I had undergone.
My eyes, however, never turned away from the horrible opening at the base of the chimney; and I began to get glimpses of the crumbling bricks and unhealthy weeds as faint glows of lightning penetrated the woods outside and illumined the chinks in the upper wall.
Professor Angell, as befitted one of his authority and attainments, had had a prominent part in all the deliberations; and was one of the first to be approached by the several outsiders who took advantage of the convocation to offer questions for correct answering and problems for expert solution.
Stuck out of a west window was a great black bearded face whose eyes shone phosphorescently with the imprint of unheard of sights.
But not wantin' to bother, they'd lay low when anybody visited the island.
The upper part overhung the narrow grass grown street and nearly met the overhanging part of the house opposite, so that I was almost in a tunnel, with the low stone doorstep wholly free from snow.
He had once been a great dandy, and people said he still wore the frock coated finery of the Edwardian age, curiously adapted to certain deformities.
Scarcely had I crossed the sill when there descended upon the whole company a sudden and unheralded fear of hideous intensity, distorting every face and evoking the most horrible screams from nearly every throat.
This verbal jumble was the key to the recollection which excited and disturbed Professor Angell.
But it made men dream, and so they knew enough to keep away.
In another second he was out of the abyss and standing tremulously on a rocky hillside bathed in intense, diffused green light.
This no human creature may do; for lacking the fellowship of the living, he inevitably draws upon the companionship of things that are not, or are no longer, living.
Having lost these artificial settings, their lives grew void of direction and dramatic interest; till at length they strove to drown their ennui in bustle and pretended usefulness, noise and excitement, barbaric display and animal sensation.
Most horrible of all sights are the little unpainted wooden houses remote from travelled ways, usually squatted upon some damp, grassy slope or leaning against some gigantic outcropping of rock.
Davis, an old time village practitioner, had of course seen both at the respective funerals, as indeed he had attended both Fenner and Sawyer in their last illnesses.
From bowers beyond our view came bursts of song and snatches of lyric harmony, interspersed with faint laughter so delicious that I urged the rowers onward in my eagerness to reach the scene.
Having taken the fortified places at the foot of the mountains, their way now lay open to the plateau, unless every citizen could resist with the strength of ten men.
This I would have asked him had he not been so far away, but he was very far, and could not be seen at all when he drew nigh that gigantic reef.
The screaming twilight abysses flashed before him, and he felt himself helpless in the formless grasp of the iridescent bubble congeries.
Another moment brought to view a frightened group of more than a dozen men, running, shouting, and even whimpering hysterically.
But it was so silent.
Outside, the moon played on the ridgepole of the block below, and I saw that the jump would be desperately hazardous because of the steep surface on which I must land.
Long have I missed thee, Aira, for I was but young when we went into exile; but my father was thy King and I shall come again to thee, for it is so decreed of Fate.
The decay was worst close to the waterfront, though in its very midst I could spy the white belfry of a fairly well preserved brick structure which looked like a small factory.
The cries were shocking; and as I stood in the brilliant apartment alone and dazed, listening to their vanishing echoes, I trembled at the thought of what might be lurking near me unseen.
But as the gate swung wider and the sorcery of drug and dream pushed me through, I knew that all sights and glories were at an end; for in that new realm was neither land nor sea, but only the white void of unpeopled and illimitable space.
From what black wells of Acherontic fear or feeling, from what unplumbed gulfs of extra cosmic consciousness or obscure, long latent heredity, were those half articulate thunder croakings drawn?
The boy had gone to look at the windows of that horrible attic, because of tales of things seen behind them, and had come back screaming maniacally.
The fact of our coming death affected him curiously, and he would frequently pray in remorse over the men, women, and children we had sent to the bottom; forgetting that all things are noble which serve the German state.
Of scepticism there was none.
The Fish Street bridge, according to the sketch, was in ruins.
Soon afterward Earl Sawyer told the loungers at Osborn's that more carpentry was going on in the Whateley farmhouse.
Many times came bands of blue coated police to search the shaky houses, though at last they ceased to come; for they too had grown tired of law and order, and had abandoned all the city to its fate.
Haff on 'em's clean gone, an' nigh haff o' them that's left is sucked most dry o' blood, with sores on 'em like they's ben on Whateley's cattle ever senct Lavinny's black brat was born.
I've heard personally of more'n one business or government man that's disappeared there, and there's loose talk of one who went crazy and is out at Danvers now.
Animal fury and orgiastic licence here whipped themselves to daemoniac heights by howls and squawking ecstasies that tore and reverberated through those nighted woods like pestilential tempests from the gulfs of hell.
However this may be, it is certain that they worshipped a sea green stone idol chiselled in the likeness of Bokrug, the great water lizard; before which they danced horribly when the moon was gibbous.
Castro, apparently, had told the truth when he said that it was wholly secret.
But with their marvelling was mixed hate, for they thought it not meet that beings of such aspect should walk about the world of men at dusk.
A poverty but little above the level of dire want, together with a pride of name that forbids its alleviation by the pursuits of commercial life, have prevented the scions of our line from maintaining their estates in pristine splendour; and the falling stones of the walls, the overgrown vegetation in the parks, the dry and dusty moat, the ill paved courtyards, and toppling towers without, as well as the sagging floors, the worm eaten wainscots, and the faded tapestries within, all tell a gloomy tale of fallen grandeur.
Of all its qualities, remoteness in the earth most impressed me.
On the faces of men were frowns, but by the stone embankment along the sluggish river Zuro sate a young boy with sad eyes gazing into the waters to spy green budding branches washed down from the hills by the freshets.
Someone might easily be looking, and possible Eliot Street stragglers could not fail to glimpse me from either of two points.
But it was not that distant whine which robbed me of my faculties and set upon my soul such a seal of fright as may never in life be removed; not that which drew the shrieks and excited the convulsions which caused lodgers and police to break down the door.
Then he saw the volume and shuddered wildly, and fainted altogether when Williams uttered the title.
It argued a capability of believing in phenomena beyond all normal notions; for if a dead man can transmit his visible or tangible image half across the world, or down the stretch of the centuries, how can it be absurd to suppose that deserted houses are full of queer sentient things, or that old graveyards teem with the terrible, unbodied intelligence of generations?
The matter of the cult still remained to fascinate me, and at times I had visions of personal fame from researches into its origin and connexions.
What I saw unnerved me most surprisingly, considering its relative triviality.
I had not quite crossed the street when I heard a muttering band advancing along Washington from the north.
And so the prisoner toiled in the twilight, heaving the unresponsive remnants of mortality with little ceremony as his miniature Tower of Babel rose course by course.
At once he saw there was something on the table which did not belong there, and a second look left no room for doubt.
And it was there that fulfilment came, and he met the cortege of knights come from Celephaïs to bear him thither forever.
Old Scribonius himself looked very grave, and the sharp voices of us later comers seemed to hold something of curious inappropriateness, as in a place of death or the temple of some mystic god.
The crone now motioned him to hold the bowl in a certain position while she raised the huge, grotesque knife above the small white victim as high as her right hand could reach.
My host now took my hand to draw me to one of the two windows on the long side of the malodorous room, and at the first touch of his ungloved fingers I turned cold.
There was a pandemonium of questioning, and only Henry Wheeler thought to rescue the fallen telescope and wipe it clean of mud.
He knew deeper vices through books, and he now longed to know them at first hand.
I am not given to emotion of any kind, but my amazement was very great when I saw what lay revealed in that electrical glow.
My name and origin need not be related to posterity; in fact, I fancy it is better that they should not be, for when a man suddenly migrates to the States or the Colonies, he leaves his past behind him.
Nor did anything that had been alive come alive from the ruins.
Almost dazed by this sudden obstacle, and violently dreading the fall of night in this decaying and half unlighted town, I left the bus and reëntered the hotel lobby; where the sullen, queer looking night clerk told me I could have Room on next the top floor large, but without running water for a dollar.
Christchurch Cemetery was the scene of a terrible killing; a watchman having been clawed to death in a manner not only too hideous for description, but raising a doubt as to the human agency of the deed.
The boat did not at once descend to match the greater ocean depth, so I was soon forced to adjust the searchlight to cast a sharply downward beam.
It seemed to me that there were limitless swarms of them and certainly my momentary glimpse could have shewn only the least fraction.
The flopping animals were now scratching restlessly at the lichens, and I saw that the old man was nearly as restless himself.
His eyes were pits of flame, and they glared at me with what I now saw was overwhelming hatred.
The room became pandemonium, and men screamed and howled in fright at the sinister being they had aroused.
Something about them seemed so odd and provocative that I could not put them out of my mind, and despite the relative lateness of the hour I resolved to see the local sample said to be a large, queerly proportioned thing evidently meant for a tiara if it could possibly be arranged.
Trident bearing Neptune was there, and sportive tritons and fantastic nereids, and upon dolphins' backs was balanced a vast crenulate shell wherein rode the grey and awful form of primal Nodens, Lord of the Great Abyss.
But then, the homes and sheds of Dunwich folk have never been remarkable for olfactory immaculateness.
It had at first been his hope to find a reagent which would restore vitality before the actual advent of death, and only repeated failures on animals had shewn him that the natural and artificial life motions were incompatible.
Only the silent, sleepy, staring houses in the backwoods can tell all that has lain hidden since the early days; and they are not communicative, being loath to shake off the drowsiness which helps them forget.
Upon returning home I went with much directness to a rotting chest in the attic, wherein I found the key which next day unlocked with ease the barrier I had so long stormed in vain.
A manservant shewed me to my room, which was in a remote tower overlooking the village, and the plain at the edge of the bog, and the bog itself; so that I could see from my windows in the moonlight the silent roofs from which the peasants had fled and which now sheltered the labourers from the north, and too, the parish church with its antique spire, and far out across the brooding bog the remote olden ruin on the islet gleaming white and spectral.
But still I read more in hidden, forgotten books and scrolls to which my new vision led me and pushed through fresh gateways of space and being and life patterns toward the core of the unknown cosmos.
At one Time Johnson recited to me some lines by a Servant to the Duke of Leeds, which had so amus'd him, that he had got them by Heart.
The villagers did not know how much to believe from so small a boy; and though they feared that the evil pair had charmed the cats to their death, they preferred not to chide the old cotter till they met him outside his dark and repellent yard.
The poet says that all through the hours before dawn he beheld sordid ruins but indistinctly in the glare of the arc lights; that there loomed above the wreckage another picture wherein he could descry moonlight and fair houses and elms and oaks and maples of dignity.
The tottering waterfront hovels north of the river were reputedly connected by hidden tunnels, being thus a veritable warren of unseen abnormalities.
Next day he would make some very guarded inquiries and perhaps see the nerve specialist.
During the winter of officials of the Federal government made a strange and secret investigation of certain conditions in the ancient Massachusetts seaport of Innsmouth.
All in the band of the faithful Order o' Dagon an' the children shud never die, but go back to the Mother Hydra an' Father Dagon what we all come from onct Iä Iä Cthulhu fhtagn Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah nagl fhtagn  Old Zadok was fast lapsing into stark raving, and I held my breath.
They never unlocked that attic door, but left the whole house as it was, dreaded and deserted.
At first I beheld nothing but a seething blur of luminosity; but then shapes, all infinitely distant, began to detach themselves from the confusion, and I saw was it Juan Romero?
Now thoroughly disgusted with my host, I ordered him to release me, and told him I would go at once.
It's all the same now, for he's gone back into the fabulous darkness he loved to haunt.
I am an entity like that which you yourself become in the freedom of dreamless sleep.
We got all kinds here reel life an' a good time.
On the contrary, she seemed strangely proud of the dark, goatish looking infant who formed such a contrast to her own sickly and pink eyed albinism, and was heard to mutter many curious prophecies about its unusual powers and tremendous future.
All around him was cloud and chaos, and he could see nothing below but the whiteness of illimitable space.
Against these assertions I have no tangible proof to offer, since my key to the padlock was lost in the struggle on that night of horrors.
Later a queer boldness and recklessness came into my demeanour, till I unconsciously grew to possess the bearing of a man of the world despite my lifelong seclusion.
When I saw this lore, I knew that it touched on the scenes I had haunted, and I therefore read long in the yellowed papyrus.
Then I spoke with the bearded man, and told him of my new yearnings to depart for remote Cathuria, which no man hath seen, but which all believe to lie beyond the basalt pillars of the West.
He had been thinking too much about the vague regions which his formulae told him must lie beyond the three dimensions we know, and about the possibility that old Keziah Mason guided by some influence past all conjecture had actually found the gate to those regions.
From that day on my life has been a nightmare of brooding and apprehension, nor do I know how much is hideous truth and how much madness.
In 'forty six Cap'n Obed took a second wife that nobody in the taown never see some says he didn't want to, but was made to by them as he'd called in had three children by her two as disappeared young, but one gal as looked like anybody else an' was eddicated in Europe.
Dr. Houghton drew shrunken lids over the glazing grey eyes as the tumult of birds faded imperceptibly to silence.
My rather original ideas regarding life and death had caused me to associate the cold clay with the breathing body in a vague fashion; and I felt that the great and sinister family of the burned down mansion was in some way represented within the stone space I sought to explore.
You mustn't try anything more with that thing.
Archaeologists and anthropologists are still trying to explain the bizarre designs chased on a crushed bowl of light metal whose inner side bore ominous brownish stains when found.
The thing actually opened its eyes, but only stared at the ceiling with a look of soul petrifying horror before collapsing into an inertness from which nothing could rouse it.
This was all, together with the picture of the hellish image; but what a train of ideas it started in my mind Here were new treasuries of data on the Cthulhu Cult, and evidence that it had strange interests at sea as well as on land.
The rays were now perceptibly dimmer than they had been during the weeks of drifting.
I say that I saw this thing, but it is only in conscious retrospection that I ever definitely traced its damnable approach to form.
Not that I had any real apprehension of its need, but that any symbol of security was welcome in an environment of this kind.
As I strained to decipher this inscription my notice was distracted by the raucous tones of a cracked bell across the street, and I quickly turned to look out the window on my side of the coach.
West and I had graduated about the time of its beginning, but had remained for additional work at the summer school, so that we were in Arkham when it broke with full daemoniac fury upon the town.
Glass or no glass, I must explore it a little.
Walakea, though, was one of the few as hadn't got none of the fish blood bein' of a royal line that intermarried with royal lines on other islands.
The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.
I ask'd the Doctor, if he had ever try'd making Sense of this Piece; and upon his saying he had not, I amus'd myself with the following Amendment of it: When Gallant LEEDS auspiciously shall wed The virtuous Fair, of antient Lineage bred, How must the Maid rejoice with conscious Pride To win so great an Husband to her Side On shewing this to Dr. Johnson, he said, Sir, you have straightened out the Feet, but you have put neither Wit nor try into the Lines.
For some unknown reason I dreaded the thought of disturbing the ancient bog and its sunless secrets, and pictured terrible sights lying black under the unmeasured depth of age old peat.
The thing which had probably caught my first subconscious glance and supplied the touch of bizarre horror was the tall tiara he wore; an almost exact duplicate of the one Miss Tilton had shewn me the previous evening.
And then, by some miracle finding the door and the large wooden bolt, I plunged wildly away from that glassy eyed thing in the dark, and from the ghoulish howling of that accursed viol whose fury increased even as I plunged.
I was by this time his active and enthralled assistant, and helped him make all his decisions, not only concerning the source of bodies but concerning a suitable place for our loathsome work.
With the main result of these colloquies the public is now familiar and I wish, for normality's sake, there were nothing more to tell.
We chose our house with the greatest care, seizing at last on a rather run down cottage near the end of Pond Street; five numbers from the closest neighbour, and separated from the local potter's field by only a stretch of meadow land, bisected by a narrow neck of the rather dense forest which lies to the north.
The full moon damn ye ye . . .
The bent, goatish giant before him seemed like the spawn of another planet or dimension; like something only partly of mankind, and linked to black gulfs of essence and entity that stretch like titan phantasms beyond all spheres of force and matter, space and time.
Pinned with a thumb tack to a vacant part of the canvas was a piece of paper now badly curled up probably, I thought, a photograph from which Pickman meant to paint a background as hideous as the nightmare it was to enhance.
After each short and inevitable sleep I seemed older, whilst my friend aged with a rapidity almost shocking.
Just before dawn Arcturus winks ruddily from above the cemetery on the low hillock, and Coma Berenices shimmers weirdly afar off in the mysterious east; but still the Pole Star leers down from the same place in the black vault, winking hideously like an insane watching eye which strives to convey some strange message, yet recalls nothing save that it once had a message to convey.
Arranging with the Belgian authorities for a party of guides, he spent a year in the Onga and Kaliri country, finding data beyond the highest of his expectations.
At this horror I sank nearly to the lichened earth, transfixed with a dread not of this nor any world, but only of the mad spaces between the stars.
Only his tendency toward a dazed stupor prevented him from screaming aloud.
We were not, as I have said, in any sense childishly superstitious, but scientific study and reflection had taught us that the known universe of three dimensions embraces the merest fraction of the whole cosmos of substance and energy.
Then I asked him if he wished to leave any keepsake or lock of hair for his family in Germany in case I should be rescued, but again he gave me that strange laugh.
West was experimenting madly to find something which would start man's vital motions anew after they had been stopped by the thing we call death, but had encountered the most ghastly obstacles.
But the fact remained that on a summer night a bolt had come out of the heavens and left a dead village whose corpses were horribly mangled, chewed, and clawed.
Tillinghast was grinning repulsively at the revolver which I had almost unconsciously drawn, but from his expression I was sure he had seen and heard as much as I, if not a great deal more.
My tale had been called The Attic Window, and appeared in the January, , issue of Whispers.
Even Central Hill was a dwarf from this height, and he could just make out the ancient graveyard by the Congregational Hospital, beneath which rumour said some terrible caves or burrows lurked.
Of the various tales that of aged Soames, the family butler, is most ample and coherent.
The vast huddle of sagging gambrel roofs and peaked gables conveyed with offensive clearness the idea of wormy decay, and as we approached along the now descending road I could see that many roofs had wholly caved in.
Get bald, too, very young.
The building, then, must still be inhabited, despite its isolation and general neglect.
That was why, when establishing his practice in Bolton, he had chosen an isolated house near the potter's field.
One night about eleven the pump of the refrigerating machine broke down, so that within three hours the process of ammonia cooling became impossible.
There was no certainty, of course, in the legend that Gabinius had built an impregnable fortress over the forbidden cave and founded a line which Pict and Saxon, Dane and Norman were powerless to obliterate; or in the tacit assumption that from this line sprang the bold companion and lieutenant of the Black Prince whom Edward Third created Baron of Northam.
And before he died, Taran Ish had scrawled upon the altar of chrysolite with coarse shaky strokes the sign of DOOM.
From my experience I cannot doubt but that man, when lost to terrestrial consciousness, is indeed sojourning in another and uncorporeal life of far different nature from the life we know; and of which only the slightest and most indistinct memories linger after waking.
He dropped them all years ago, and no one feels sure whether he left the country or merely sank from sight in some hidden byway.
He was the devil incarnate, Birch, and I believe his eye for an eye fury could beat old Father Death himself.
I found difficulty in moving toward the stair well, but when I did get there I found no crushed body on the floor below.
When I think of the extent of all that may be brooding down there I almost wish to kill myself forthwith.
At times her screams became insupportable, and for long periods she would utter shrieking horrors which necessitated her son's temporary residence with his cousin, Peleg Harris, in Presbyterian Lane near the new college building.
Desrochers, the fellow under Gilman's room, had spoken of nocturnal footsteps both shod and unshod, and of the violet light he saw one night when he had stolen fearfully up to peer through Gilman's keyhole.
Upon the capture of Pavia by Charlemagne in , the skull was seized from the tottering Desiderius and carried in the train of the Frankish conqueror.
But the feverishness still hung on, and the whines of the loomfixer were an unnerving influence.
Once he had the landlord nail tin over it, but the next night the rats gnawed a fresh hole in making which they pushed or dragged out into the room a curious little fragment of bone.
He pulled the steel like claws from his neck, and would have dragged the beldame over the edge of the gulf had not the claws received a fresh access of strength and closed in again.
Finally the connecting door gave, but with such a crash that I knew those outside must have heard.
It was clear that the typical expression of these faces now suggested something it had not suggested before something which would bring stark panic if too openly thought of.
Oh, thet Afriky book?
I believe we felt something coming down from the greenish moon, for when we began to depend on its light we drifted into curious involuntary formations and seemed to know our destinations though we dared not think of them.
He must meet the Black Man, and go with them all to the throne of Azathoth at the centre of ultimate Chaos.
Told abaout an island east of Otaheité whar they was a lot o' stone ruins older'n anybody knew anything abaout, kind o' like them on Ponape, in the Carolines, but with carvin's of faces that looked like the big statues on Easter Island.
To describe their exact nature is impossible for one unversed in music.
That evening, just as twilight fell, he finished his terrible perusal and sank back exhausted.
I was glad to get out of that bus, and at once proceeded to check my valise in the shabby hotel lobby.
The shell had been merciful, in a way but West could never feel as certain as he wished, that we two were the only survivors.
When he perceived that the latch was hopelessly unyielding, at least to such meagre tools and under such tenebrous conditions as these, Birch glanced about for other possible points of escape.
On the contrary, my admiration for him kept growing; for that Ghoul Feeding was a tremendous achievement.
The change in the quality of the daylight increased, and the crowd gazed about the horizon in wonder.
He dared not disobey the summons for fear it might prove an illusion like the urges and aspirations of waking life, which do not lead to any goal.
Ye see, they was able to live both in an' aout o' water what they call amphibians, I guess.
Warton, Dr. Adam Smith, Dr. Percy, Author of the Reliques, Mr. Edw.
He was shocked by his guest's drawn, haggard aspect, and noticed the queer, abnormal looking sunburn which others had remarked during the past week.
All that I recalled of a classic youth came to my lips as the horrors of the situation roused my deepest superstitions.
I was slow, too, in realising that the school of unusual dolphins had vanished.
I know that light is not for me, save that of the moon over the rock tombs of Neb, nor any gaiety save the unnamed feasts of Nitokris beneath the Great Pyramid; yet in my new wildness and freedom I almost welcome the bitterness of alienage.
What motive prompted the hybrid crew to order back the Emma as they sailed about with their hideous idol?
As the mist thickened, Olney crept around to the windows on the north and west and south sides, trying them but finding them all locked.
Of our studies it is impossible to speak, since they held so slight a connexion with anything of the world as living men conceive it.
For a second nobody dared to turn on the light, then Armitage summoned up his courage and snapped the switch.
Or rather, there's only one living soul for I haven't been digging around in the past for nothing See here, you're interested in this sort of thing.
There had been soft talking, too and as he began to describe it his voice had sunk to an inaudible whisper.
The far corners were all shadows, and the whole place took on a hazy unreality which obscured its nature and invited the imagination to symbolism and phantasm.
When they had thinned out enough to be glimpsed as separate organisms, I saw that they were dwarfed, deformed hairy devils or apes monstrous and diabolic caricatures of the monkey tribe.
I thought of huge rats and shuddered.
hull thing sort o' shaped like a hen's egg bigger'n anything, with dozens o' legs like hogsheads that haff shut up when they step . . .
At times he actually did perform marvels of surgery for the soldiers; but his chief delights were of a less public and philanthropic kind, requiring many explanations of sounds which seemed peculiar even amidst that babel of the damned.
I could not at first understand the change, but gradually a horrible sort of comparison began to obtrude itself on my unconscious mind despite the steady refusal of my consciousness to admit even the least suspicion of it.
I'm middle aged and decently sophisticated, and I guess you saw enough of me in France to know I'm not easily knocked out.
Carter hurry It's no use you must go better one than two the slab  A pause, more clicking, then the faint voice of Warren: Nearly over now don't make it harder cover up those damned steps and run for your life you're losing time So long, Carter won't see you again.
Those churches were very odd all violently disavowed by their respective denominations elsewhere, and apparently using the queerest kind of ceremonials and clerical vestments.
I never sought to return to those tenebrous labyrinths, nor would I direct any sane man thither if I could.
At length, having found these storms injurious to his health, he fitted up a cellar into which he could retreat from their wildest pandemonium.
The lower floors of the crumbling houses sometimes harboured small shops with dingy signs, and I noticed a parked truck or two as we rattled along.
I screamed and struggled, and after a blankness was again in my attic room, sprawled flat over the five phosphorescent circles on the floor.
Over and above the luminous and shadowy chaos arose a picture which, though vague, held the elements of consistency and permanence.
Something in the Martenses' manner gave Gifford a feeling of repulsion and suspicion, and a week later he returned with spade and mattock to explore the sepulchral spot.
He had come in an aëroplane piloted by the intrepid Lieut.
I do not think that many of Sheehan's regular patrons will ever forget the day that young Alfred Trever came.
When I sounded the archaic iron knocker I was half afraid.
I seem to ramble along without much Logick or Continuity when I endeavour to recall the Past; and fear I light upon but few Incidents which others have not before discuss'd.
South of him the frightful precipice above Kingsport, north of him the vertical drop of nearly a mile to the river's mouth.
His throat was aching inexplicably, and as he struggled to a sitting posture he saw with growing fright that his feet and pajama bottoms were brown with caked mud.
The old deserted Chapman house had inexplicably burned to an amorphous heap of ashes; that we could understand because of the upset lamp.
The walls were of bare boards, and had probably never known plaster; whilst the abundance of dust and cobwebs made the place seem more deserted than inhabited.
That at least two of the fear's embodiments were destroyed, formed but a slight guarantee of mental and physical safety in this Acheron of multiform diabolism; yet I continued my quest with even greater zeal as events and revelations became more monstrous.
As for the twentieth time or more Arthur Munroe and I went minutely over every inch of the violated village, we were filled with a certain discouragement coupled with vague and novel fears.
March d the crew of the Emma landed on an unknown island and left six men dead; and on that date the dreams of sensitive men assumed a heightened vividness and darkened with dread of a giant monster's malign pursuit, whilst an architect had gone mad and a sculptor had lapsed suddenly into delirium And what of this storm of April nd the date on which all dreams of the dank city ceased, and Wilcox emerged unharmed from the bondage of strange fever?
Controlling my muscles, and realising afresh how plainly visible I was, I resumed my brisker and feignedly shambling pace; though keeping my eyes on that hellish and ominous reef as long as the opening of South Street gave me a seaward view.
There is talk of apportioning Randolph Carter's estate among his heirs, but I shall stand firmly against this course because I do not believe he is dead.
Upon Zann the effect was terrible, for dropping his pencil suddenly he rose, seized his viol, and commenced to rend the night with the wildest playing I had ever heard from his bow save when listening at the barred door.
It was almost a cliff, closed to all vehicles, consisting in several places of flights of steps, and ending at the top in a lofty ivied wall.
Nor can I doubt that every detail of this massive product was fashioned from the virgin hillside rock of our planet.
For an instant the ship was befouled by an acrid and blinding green cloud, and then there was only a venomous seething astern; where God in heaven the scattered plasticity of that nameless sky spawn was nebulously recombining in its hateful original form, whilst its distance widened every second as the Alert gained impetus from its mounting steam.
We read much in Alhazred's Necronomicon about its properties, and about the relation of ghouls' souls to the objects it symbolised; and were disturbed by what we read.
The whole attic story was choked with debris from above, but no one took the trouble to touch the mess before the inevitable razing of the decrepit structure.
Hey? Think the old man's crazy, eh? Wal, Sir, let me tell ye that ain't the wust Zadok was really screaming now, and the mad frenzy of his voice disturbed me more than I care to own.
Elihu Whipple had lived according to the hygienic laws he had preached as a physician, and but for what happened later would be here in full vigour today.
Meanwhile he would try to keep track of his somnambulism.
This time the creaking went along the hall and down the stairs, so I knew that the prowler had realised the bolted condition of my doors and was giving up his attempt for a greater or lesser time, as the future would shew.
Desire to avoid needless explanations in case of unexpected police intrusions prompted these plans for a quiet and unostentatious departure.
The youth's own pastor Dr. Wallace of Asbury M. E. Church in Arkham had gravely urged him not to join any church in Innsmouth.
What I saw or fancied I saw was a disturbing suggestion of undulant motion far to the south; a suggestion which made me conclude that a very large horde must be pouring out of the city along the level Ipswich road.
What he said tallied up with what I'd heard.
Noiseless infinity eddied around the dreamer and wafted him away without even touching the body that leaned stiffly from the lonely window; and for days not counted in men's calendars the tides of far spheres bare him gently to join the dreams for which he longed; the dreams that men have lost.
I found it in the glare of mid afternoon, in the clangour of a metropolis, and in the teeming midst of a shabby and commonplace rooming house with a prosaic landlady and two stalwart men by my side.
It had looked at me as it died, and its eyes had the same odd quality that marked those other eyes which had stared at me underground and excited cloudy recollections.
We kept the poor devils as busy as we could, tinkering at the machinery even when we knew it was useless.
He was the only one as kep' on with the East Injy an' Pacific trade, though Esdras Martin's barkentine Malay Pride made a venter as late as 'twenty eight.
But all agreed on one thing: that the refusal of all the cats to eat their portions of meat or drink their saucers of milk was exceedingly curious.
Only his eyes stayed whole, and they glared with a propulsive, dilated incandescence which grew as the face around them charred and dwindled.
The elderly scholar had been collecting legends of the Onga tribes near the field of his grandfather's and his own explorations, hoping in some way to account for Sir Wade's wild tales of a lost city peopled by strange hybrid creatures.
The jade amulet now reposed in a niche in our museum, and sometimes we burned strangely scented candles before it.
West was not even excited now.
Mrs. Updike's clothes were close to the front hall switch that's how I know she did it.
It would be trite and not wholly accurate to say that no human pen could describe it, but one may properly say that it could not be vividly visualised by anyone whose ideas of aspect and contour are too closely bound up with the common life forms of this planet and of the three known dimensions.
It being still daylight, I descended to the Square and looked around for a dinner of some sort; noticing as I did so the strange glances I received from the unwholesome loafers.
It repelled him horribly, and revolted all his inherited delicacy; but his determination to taste life to the full remained with him, and he maintained a bold front.
The marsh still glittered beyond, but in the farther distance I saw the steeples of what was then all of New York; Trinity and St. Paul's and the Brick Church dominating their sisters, and a faint haze of wood smoke hovering over the whole.
One morning at breakfast I came close to disaster by declaiming in palpably liquorish accents an effusion of eighteenth century Bacchanalian mirth; a bit of Georgian playfulness never recorded in a book, which ran something like this: Come hither, my lads, with your tankards of ale, And drink to the present before it shall fail; Pile each on your platter a mountain of beef, For 'tis eating and drinking that bring us relief: So fill up your glass, For life will soon pass; When you're dead ye'll ne'er drink to your king or your lass Anacreon had a red nose, so they say; But what's a red nose if ye're happy and gay?
But now they have betaken themselves to unknown Kadath in the cold waste where no man treads, and are grown stern, having no higher peak whereto to flee at the coming of men.
In the tentacles this was observable as a deepening of the greenish tinge, whilst in the tail it was manifest as a yellowish appearance which alternated with a sickly greyish white in the spaces between the purple rings.
I remarked, as I say, their grotesqueness and strange size; but in a moment decided that they were merely the imaginary gods of some primitive fishing or seafaring tribe; some tribe whose last descendant had perished eras before the first ancestor of the Piltdown or Neanderthal Man was born.
The fellow must be a relentless enemy of all mankind to take such glee in the torture of brain and flesh and the degradation of the mortal tenement.
And when I saw that this reef was but the black basalt crown of a shocking eikon whose monstrous forehead now shone in the dim moonlight and whose vile hooves must paw the hellish ooze miles below, I shrieked and shrieked lest the hidden face rise above the waters, and lest the hidden eyes look at me after the slinking away of that leering and treacherous yellow moon.
Memories and possibilities are ever more hideous than realities.
We never even in our wildest Hallowe'en moods visited this cellar by night, but in some of our daytime visits could detect the phosphorescence, especially when the day was dark and wet.
The mansion, gone for a century, once more reared its stately height to the raptured vision; every window ablaze with the splendour of many candles.
This need for very fresh corpses had been West's moral undoing.
No one remains to lay flowers before the granite portal, and few care to brave the depressing shadows which seem to linger strangely about the water worn stones.
Curtis Whateley was only just regaining consciousness when the Arkham men came slowly down the mountain in the beams of a sunlight once more brilliant and untainted.
So Iranon went out of the stable and walked over the narrow stone streets between the gloomy square houses of granite, seeking something green in the air of spring.
There were evil smelling staircases which creaked ominously, and on which the old woman seemed to radiate a faint violet light; and finally a door leading off a landing.
It might mean the end of all our local work and perhaps prison for both West and me.
When the husband and father deserted his family, the mother took the child to Jermyn House; where there was none left to object to her presence.
And because my fathers had called me to the old town beyond, I pushed on through the shallow, new fallen snow along the road that soared lonely up to where Aldebaran twinkled among the trees; on toward the very ancient town I had never seen but often dreamed of.
Shrieking, slithering, torrential shadows of red viscous madness chasing one another through endless, ensanguined corridors of purple fulgurous sky . . .
The physician questioned him sharply, and advised him to see a nerve specialist.
Have you no brain whereby you may recognise the will which has through six long centuries fulfilled the dreadful curse upon your house?
Beyond the Karthian hills lieth Oonai, the city of lutes and dancing, which men whisper of and say is both lovely and terrible.
Probably it was his work which put the idea into my head, and anyhow, I found him a mine of data and suggestions when I came to develop it.
He was a thin, stoop shouldered man not much under six feet tall, dressed in shabby blue civilian clothes and wearing a frayed grey golf cap.
I will hint only hint that he had designs which involved the rulership of the visible universe and more; designs whereby the earth and the stars would move at his command, and the destinies of all living things be his.
Nearly mad, I found myself yet able to throw out a hand to ward off the foetid apparition which pressed so close; when in one cataclysmic second of cosmic nightmarishness and hellish accident my fingers touched the rotting outstretched paw of the monster beneath the golden arch.
She had told Judge Hathorne of lines and curves that could be made to point out directions leading through the walls of space to other spaces beyond, and had implied that such lines and curves were frequently used at certain midnight meetings in the dark valley of the white stone beyond Meadow Hill and on the unpeopled island in the river.
Some houses along Main Street were tenanted, but most were tightly boarded up.
For at last my uncle insisted on joining the search I had commenced, and after a certain night in that house he did not come away with me.
He speeded up his car as he passed it, and did not slacken till he had mounted the hill where his mother and her fathers before her were born, and where the old white house still looked proudly across the road at the breathlessly lovely panorama of rocky slope and verdant valley, with the distant spires of Kingsport on the horizon, and hints of the archaic, dream laden sea in the farthest background.
It appeared that I was a provincial quæstor named L. Cælius Rufus, and that I had been summoned by the proconsul, P. Scribonius Libo, who had come from Tarraco some days before.
Therein walk only daemons and mad things that are no longer men, and the streets are white with the unburied bones of those who have looked upon the eidolon Lathi, that reigns over the city.
Old Benijah Corey had been his Uncle Christopher's hired man, and was aged even in those far off times of his boyhood visits.
A room was easy to secure; for the house was unpopular, hard to rent, and long given over to cheap lodgings.
After many aeons men came to the land of Mnar; dark shepherd folk with their fleecy flocks, who built Thraa, Ilarnek, and Kadatheron on the winding river Ai.
Now slowly sinking into a lyre back chair, he commenced to eye me intently.
I wish I could believe that doctor.
West and I were almost dead, and Dr. Halsey did die on the th.
He was rather a find a rich and high spirited youth who would go the limit in anything he undertook at least, that was the verdict of Pete Schultz, Sheehan's runner, who had come across the boy at Lawrence College, in the small town of Appleton, Wisconsin.
On this occasion he crawled in as usual, lighting his way with matches filched from the sitting room match safe, and edging through the final crevice with an eagerness hard to explain even to himself.
Only after two years did I connect this fear with anything in particular; but then I began to see that he must be looking at a special spot on the celestial vault whose position at different times corresponded to the direction of his glance a spot roughly marked by the constellation Corona Borealis.
What I did was to faint silently away, just as I had done in that brier choked railway cut a year before.
Methought its spirit whispered evil counsel, soothing me to traitorous somnolence with a damnable rhythmical promise which it repeated over and over: Slumber, watcher, till the spheres Six and twenty thousand years Have revolv'd, and I return To the spot where now I burn.
Peasants had told them they were near, and Iranon knew that this was not his native city of Aira.
Where Gilman could have been, how he got back to his room without making tracks in the hall, and how the muddy, furniture like prints came to be mixed with his in the garret chamber, were wholly beyond conjecture.
He did not himself understand these words, or know why certain things made him feel certain emotions; but fancied that some unremembered dream must be responsible.
This time neither could doubt but that something hideously serious was closing in around them.
Might not the deeper inquiries of my uncle after encountering the sculptor's data have come to sinister ears?
Instead, they jumped violently at the terrific report which seemed to rend the hills; the deafening, cataclysmic peal whose source, be it inner earth or sky, no hearer was ever able to place.
In my nervousness I looked around and discovered a bolt on the clothes press which seemed to be of the same size, judging from the marks, as the one formerly on the door.
The process of unearthing was slow and sordid it might have been gruesomely poetical if we had been artists instead of scientists and we were glad when our spades struck wood.
As I hung back, the old man produced his stylus and tablet and wrote that he was the true deputy of my fathers who had founded the Yule worship in this ancient place; that it had been decreed I should come back, and that the most secret mysteries were yet to be performed.
No one, however, had been using the telescope at that instant.
We entered, and as we did so I grew faint from a reek of infinite mustiness which welled out to meet us, and which must have been the fruit of unwholesome centuries of decay.
Seeking shelter from the increasing rainfall beneath one of the few undestroyed Frye outbuildings, they debated the wisdom of waiting, or of taking the aggressive and going down into the glen in quest of their nameless, monstrous quarry.
Malitia vetus malitia vetus est . . .
There had been something wrong with the engine, despite the excellent time made from Newburyport, and the bus could not complete the journey to Arkham.
The sum of all my investigation was, that in a kind of semi uncorporeal dream life Slater wandered or floated through resplendent and prodigious valleys, meadows, gardens, cities, and palaces of light; in a region unbounded and unknown to man.
On one side I could view the entire city as it sloped from the plaza down to the old river bank; on the other side, in startling proximity, I was confronted by the richly ornate and perfectly preserved facade of a great building, evidently a temple, hollowed from the solid rock.
Klenze's ivory image, but the sight of an automatic pistol calmed them.
Shrouded in mist they were, so that no man might peer beyond them or see their summits which indeed some say reach even to the heavens.
I, however, who seemed to be a close friend of Balbutius, had disagreed with him; averring that I had studied deeply in the black forbidden lore, and that I believed the very old folk capable of visiting almost any nameless doom upon the town, which after all was a Roman settlement and contained a great number of our citizens.
Around him in the damp, low ceiled library with the musty white panelling, heavy carved overmantel, and small paned, vine shaded windows, were the relics and records of his ancient family, among which were many dubious allusions to the shunned house in Benefit Street.
In , under the benign rule of the Ostrogoth Theodoric, we behold him as a teacher of rhetoric at Rome, and in he held the consulship together with Pompilius Numantius Bombastes Marcellinus Deodamnatus.
As I hurried home through those narrow, winding, mist choked waterfront streets I had a frightful impression of being stealthily followed by softly padding feet.
I must be careful how I record my awaking today, for I am unstrung, and much hallucination is necessarily mixed with fact.
The town was getting more and more on my nerves, and I looked behind me furtively as I picked my way back over the tottering Water Street bridge.
Only an effort halted him at a cafeteria in Church Street, and after the meal he felt the unknown pull still more strongly.
Very plausibly his saner self argued that the place must be tenanted by people who reached it from inland along the easier ridge beside the Miskatonic's estuary.
Very odd and ugly were these beings, as indeed are most beings of a world yet inchoate and rudely fashioned.
Nor could I ever after see the world as I had known it.
His fright, turning to steely despair, left room for a resurgence of his rage against me; and he staggered a step toward the table on whose edge I was steadying myself.
Again he seemed to be in the interior of a house an old house, apparently but the details and inhabitants were constantly changing, and he could never be certain of the faces or the furniture, or even of the room itself, since doors and windows seemed in just as great a state of flux as the more presumably mobile objects.
In , after the death of his mother, Sir Arthur Jermyn determined to pursue his investigations to the utmost extent.
It was no joke tracking down something as big as a house that one could not see, but that had all the vicious malevolence of a daemon.
Mixed with the present scene was always a little of the past and a little of the future, and every once familiar object loomed alien in the new perspective brought by my widened sight.
If it came from within the house, we had the window ladders; if from outside, the door and the stairs.
We did, however, deem ourselves justified in assuming that it was a living organism highly susceptible to electrical storms; and although certain of the stories suggested wings, we believed that its aversion for open spaces made land locomotion a more probable theory.
The abode of the race whose scions are here inurned had once crowned the declivity which holds the tomb, but had long since fallen victim to the flames which sprang up from a disastrous stroke of lightning.
Besides, what I once was is not in the least relevant to my narrative; save perhaps the fact that during my service in India I was more at home amongst white bearded native teachers than amongst my brother officers.
I tried to raise my hand to shut out the sight, yet so stunned were my nerves that my arm could not fully obey my will.
And I was too dazed to exult when he whispered back a thing I had half expected No it wasn't that way at all.
Aunt Martha was in the doorway, and did not scold too hard when Benijah shoved the truant in.
Reading the life of Theseus, I was much impressed by that passage telling of the great stone beneath which the boyish hero was to find his tokens of destiny whenever he should become old enough to lift its enormous weight.
Brown Jenkin, too, was always a little nearer at the last, and its yellowish white fangs glistened shockingly in that unearthly violet phosphorescence.
And as I saw therein the lotos faces vanish, I longed for nets that I might capture them and learn from them the secrets which the moon had brought upon the night.
No one dared do anything, and no one knew till morning whence the call came.
It was Romero's voice, coming from the bunk above, that awakened me; a voice excited and tense with some vague expectation I could not understand: Madre de Dios el sonido ese sonido oiga Vd lo oye Vd? Señor, THAT SOUND I listened, wondering what sound he meant.
My host was now leading the way down cellar to his actual studio, and I braced myself for some hellish effects among the unfinished canvases.
The next day all the countryside was in a panic; and cowed, uncommunicative groups came and went where the fiendish thing had occurred.
In the brooding fire of autumn Carter took the old remembered way past graceful lines of rolling hill and stone walled meadow, distant vale and hanging woodland, curving road and nestling farmstead, and the crystal windings of the Miskatonic, crossed here and there by rustic bridges of wood or stone.
And the bearded man spoke no word, but watched me as we approached the lily lined shore.
Then one summer day he was turned out of his garret, and wandered aimlessly through the streets, drifting over a bridge to a place where the houses grew thinner and thinner.
dripping death astride a Bacchanale of bats from night black ruins of buried temples of Belial. . . .
I studied the loose, antique masonry of the walls in the fungus light and the feeble rays which stole in from the street through the screened windows; and once, when the noisome atmosphere of the place seemed about to sicken me, I opened the door and looked up and down the street, feasting my eyes on familiar sights and my nostrils on the wholesome air.
He assures me on his professional honour that Joe Slater was but a low grade paranoiac, whose fantastic notions must have come from the crude hereditary folk tales which circulate in even the most decadent of communities.
Then for a moment did Iranon believe he had found those who thought and felt even as he, though the town was not an hundredth as fair as Aira.
So numerous were they, that Kuranes almost mistook them for an army, but their leader told him they were sent in his honour; since it was he who had created Ooth Nargai in his dreams, on which account he was now to be appointed its chief god for evermore.
Somewhere, to what remote and fearsome region I know not, Denys Barry has gone.
Heh, heh, heh then jest tell me, young feller, why Cap'n Obed an' twenty odd other folks used to row aout to Devil Reef in the dead o' night an' chant things so laoud ye cud hear 'em all over taown when the wind was right?
When the stars were right, They could plunge from world to world through the sky; but when the stars were wrong, They could not live.
Wouldn't even admit they'd ever ben any people on that island.
I had entered the brush grown cut and was struggling along at a very slow pace when that damnable fishy odour again waxed dominant.
He would have to consult a nerve specialist after all perhaps there was a connexion with his somnambulism but meanwhile he might at least try to break the morbid spell himself.
And the boy said to him: Art thou not indeed he of whom the archons tell, who seekest a far city in a fair land?
S'pose one night ye seed somethin' heavy heaved offen Obed's dory beyond the reef, an' then larned nex' day a young feller was missin' from home?
But in that instant of curiosity was born the madly unreasoning desire which has brought me to this hell of confinement.
It echoed and echoed through the dim vaultings of that ancient and nitrous cellar, and I had to choke back a flood of reaction that threatened to burst out as hysterical laughter.
As I began my request the wrinkled satyr like face lost the bored placidity it had possessed during the playing, and seemed to shew the same curious mixture of anger and fright which I had noticed when first I accosted the old man.
As I would return from my sometimes discouraging trips and lay my spoils before the closed bathroom door, I could hear a restless splashing within, and a thick voice croaking out the order for More more At length a warm day broke, and the shops opened one by one.
Looming hideously against the spectral moon was a gigantic misshapen thing not to be imagined save in nightmares a glassy eyed, ink black apparition nearly on all fours, covered with bits of mould, leaves, and vines, foul with caked blood, and having between its glistening teeth a snow white, terrible, cylindrical object terminating in a tiny hand.
Then came the steady rattling at the back door.
I saw that the moat was filled in, and that some of the well known towers were demolished; whilst new wings existed to confuse the beholder.
He had been somewhere he ought not to be; had strayed very far away to places where he had not belonged, and was now inexcusably late.
Your existing sense organs ears first, I think will pick up many of the impressions, for they are closely connected with the dormant organs.
A despatch from California describes a theosophist colony as donning white robes en masse for some glorious fulfilment which never arrives, whilst items from India speak guardedly of serious native unrest toward the end of March.
I tell you, it is I I I that have lived for six hundred years to maintain my revenge, FOR I AM CHARLES LE SORCIER My memories are very confused.
No defect in the machinery or carelessness in the men had been noticed, yet without warning the ship was racked from end to end with a colossal shock.
Once more in shadow, I resumed my former dog trot past the leaning and decrepit houses that stared blankly into the night.
He hoped that it might be conquered without any revelation to the world of the monstrous thing it had escaped.
It was almost a public affair, for the dean had surely been a public benefactor.
I told them of my dream, but they were not interested till I spoke of the weird sounds I thought I had heard.
If I say that my somewhat extravagant imagination yielded simultaneous pictures of an octopus, a dragon, and a human caricature, I shall not be unfaithful to the spirit of the thing.
In this twilight, too, he began to realise the truth and to shout loudly as if his horse outside could do more than neigh an unsympathetic reply.
They included not only a repetition of what he had formerly dreamed, but touched wildly on a gigantic thing miles high which walked or lumbered about.
Tillinghast had been watching me, and noted my puzzled expression.
He grew sterner of face, but never elderly.
These fragments, as Armitage recalls them, ran something like N'gai, n'gha'ghaa, bugg shoggog, y'hah; Yog Sothoth, Yog Sothoth. . .
So little is known of what went on beneath the surface so little, yet such a ghastly festering as it bubbles up putrescently in occasional ghoulish glimpses.
And yet I saw them in a limitless stream flopping, hopping, croaking, bleating surging inhumanly through the spectral moonlight in a grotesque, malignant saraband of fantastic nightmare.
On Wednesday, June , , after a proper notification of Carrington Harris which did not include surmises as to what we expected to find, my uncle and I conveyed to the shunned house two camp chairs and a folding camp cot, together with some scientific mechanism of greater weight and intricacy.
Upon that sea the hateful moon shone, and over its unvocal waves weird perfumes brooded.
formless phantasms and kaleidoscopic mutations of a ghoulish, remembered scene; forests of monstrous overnourished oaks with serpent roots twisting and sucking unnamable juices from an earth verminous with millions of cannibal devils; mound like tentacles groping from underground nuclei of polypous perversion . . .
Afternoon was far gone when he reached the foot, and at the bend half way up he paused to scan the outspread countryside golden and glorified in the slanting floods of magic poured out by a western sun.
The speaker had asked for the custody of the cannibal monster committed from Arkham sixteen years before; and upon being refused, gave a signal which precipitated a shocking riot.
My key to the vault I kept suspended from a cord about my neck, its presence known only to me.
It was the Sydney Bulletin I have mentioned, for my friend has wide affiliations in all conceivable foreign parts; and the picture was a half tone cut of a hideous stone image almost identical with that which Legrasse had found in the swamp.
There it stood; deserted, feared, and linked with the vengeful ghost of Jan Martense.
Our conversation was necessarily limited.
He did not wish to go to sleep in a room alone especially since he thought he had glimpsed in the evening twilight the repellent old woman whose image had become so horribly transferred to his dreams.
I remember the square of moonlight on the floor, that was not like any other light, and the visions that danced in the moonbeams when my mother sang to me.
To credit these whisperings of rural grandmothers, I now insisted, argued a faith in the existence of spectral substances on the earth apart from and subsequent to their material counterparts.
Far gone, was Obed . . .
I heard his repeated shrieks before me, as he stumbled awkwardly along the level places and scrambled madly down the rickety ladders.
In a week or two it had visibly faded, and in the course of a few months it was hardly discernible with the naked eye.
In the summer of Wilbur repaired two sheds in the farmyard and began moving his books and effects out to them.
In Ulthar, which lies beyond the river Skai, once dwelt an old man avid to behold the gods of earth; a man deeply learned in the seven cryptical books of Hsan, and familiar with the Pnakotic Manuscripts of distant and frozen Lomar.
We now had a studio in London, never separating, but never discussing the days when we had sought to plumb the mysteries of the unreal world.
There is in the land of Mnar a vast still lake that is fed by no stream and out of which no stream flows.
It represented a monster of vaguely anthropoid outline, but with an octopus like head whose face was a mass of feelers, a scaly, rubbery looking body, prodigious claws on hind and fore feet, and long, narrow wings behind.
The disillusion had been gradual.
I know what has happened.
But before my fears could crystallise into action I had fallen asleep, and gazed in dreams upon the city in the valley, cold and dead under a shroud of hideous shadow.
Yet the houses remained, despite the ravages of the years and the storms and worms, for they had been made to serve many a generation.
Young Galpin, the fiancé in question, had been one of Appleton's most remarkable sons.
My parents I never knew.
But the torso and lower parts of the body were teratologically fabulous, so that only generous clothing could ever have enabled it to walk on earth unchallenged or uneradicated.
In another instant, however, matters were reversed; for those murderous claws had locked themselves tightly around his own throat, while the wrinkled face was twisted with insane fury.
At length, after temporarily felling one of his detainers with a sudden blow, he had flung himself upon the other in a daemoniac ecstasy of bloodthirstiness, shrieking fiendishly that he would 'jump high in the air and burn his way through anything that stopped him'.
Moreover, to this day the people of Ulthar and Nir and Hatheg fear eclipses, and pray by night when pale vapours hide the mountain top and the moon.
The notes in question were those descriptive of the dreams of various persons covering the same period as that in which young Wilcox had had his strange visitations.
His interest became a hellish and perverse addiction to the repellently and fiendishly abnormal; he gloated calmly over artificial monstrosities which would make most healthy men drop dead from fright and disgust; he became, behind his pallid intellectuality, a fastidious Baudelaire of physical experiment a languid Elagabalus of the tombs.
Without warning came those deep, cracked, raucous vocal sounds which will never leave the memory of the stricken group who heard them.
Not till my adult years did my uncle set before me the notes and data which he had collected concerning the shunned house.
Klenze seemed very nervous, and drank heavily.
And then I recall how I laughed when I stumbled on the passageway; the hole at the base of the old chimney, where the thick weeds grew and cast queer shadows in the light of the lone candle I had happened to have with me.
They call them gold like things pirate loot, an' allaow the Innsmouth folks hez furren blood or is distempered or somethin'.
So here we all were in the mystic sunset of the autumn hills old Scribonius Libo in his toga prætexta, the golden light glancing on his shiny bald head and wrinkled hawk face, Balbutius with his gleaming helmet and breastplate, blue shaven lips compressed in conscientiously dogged opposition, young Asellius with his polished greaves and superior sneer, and the curious throng of townsfolk, legionaries, tribesmen, peasants, lictors, slaves, and attendants.
The change happened whilst I slept.
The water far below was very abundant, and I could see two vigorous sets of falls upstream on my right and at least one downstream on my left.
There were eaten many strange delicacies at that feast; peacocks from the isles of Nariel in the Middle Ocean, young goats from the distant hills of Implan, heels of camels from the Bnazic desert, nuts and spices from Cydathrian groves, and pearls from wave washed Mtal dissolved in the vinegar of Thraa.
Nowhere, however, could he find ease and content; and as he grew older the staleness and limitations of life became more and more maddening to him.
Indeed, had they not themselves, in their high tower, often performed the very ancient and secret rite in detestation of Bokrug, the water lizard?
You've probably heard about the Salem man that came home with a Chinese wife, and maybe you know there's still a bunch of Fiji Islanders somewhere around Cape Cod.
Could it be that I was coming to resemble my grandmother and uncle Douglas?
The first horrible incident of our acquaintance was the greatest shock I ever experienced, and it is only with reluctance that I repeat it.
I think I went mad then.
All the servants were asleep in the attic, so I answered the bell.
How often hath he sung to me of lands that never were, and things that never can be Of Aira did he speak much; of Aira and the river Nithra, and the falls of the tiny Kra.
They found the countryside in great agitation, both because of the growing rumblings beneath the domed hills, and because of the unwonted stench and the surging, lapping sounds which came increasingly from the great empty shell formed by Whateley's boarded up farmhouse.
Upon landing in Salem Zerubbabel set it up in his cupboard beside the chimney, he having built a modest house near the town pump.
The next day I carefully wrapped the green jade amulet and sailed for Holland.
The Pequots, enfeebled by a previous war, could give the now stricken Narragansetts no assistance; and in a Dutch fur trader of Albany, Petrus van Schaack, secured the distinguished cranium for the modest sum of two guilders, he having recognised its value from the half effaced inscription carved in Lombardic minuscules palaeography, it might be explained, was one of the leading accomplishments of New Netherland fur traders of the seventeenth century.
The bolt held, of course, and I heard the floor creak as the prowler left the room.
They were of that vaster and more appalling universe of dim entity and consciousness which lies deeper than matter, time, and space, and whose existence we suspect only in certain forms of sleep those rare dreams beyond dreams which come never to common men, and but once or twice in the lifetime of imaginative men.
Through my terror ran curious reminiscences of Paradise Lost, and of Satan's hideous climb through the unfashioned realms of darkness.
The expression on her face was one of hideous malevolence and exultation, and when he awaked he could recall a croaking voice that persuaded and threatened.
The doctor was a bachelor; a white haired, clean shaven, old fashioned gentleman, and a local historian of note, who had often broken a lance with such controversial guardians of tradition as Sidney S. Rider and Thomas W. Bicknell.
Before I had protested at his unnatural pryings into the unthinkable; now that he had evidently succeeded to some degree I almost shared his spirit, terrible though the cost of victory appeared.
He said he had risen up out of the blackness of twenty seven centuries, and that he had heard messages from places not on this planet.
There was a factory inspector who stopped at the Gilman a couple of years ago, and he had a lot of unpleasant hints about the place.
Of these categories one seemed to him to include objects slightly less illogical and irrelevant in their motions than the members of the other categories.
I did not like those rumours of a fight which were floating about.
At other times he would call for the dreaded Necronomicon and the Daemonolatreia of Remigius, in which he seemed hopeful of finding some formula to check the peril he conjured up.
He who had so calmly left me a little while previously, now called from below in a shaky whisper more portentous than the loudest shriek: God If you could see what I am seeing I could not answer.
It was not a pleasant sleep, and for a second I was not sorry for the echoing shriek which clove through the barriers of dream and flung me to a sharp and startled awakeness in which every actual object before my eyes stood out with more than natural clearness and reality.
The ammonia ceased to drip, and as I cleaned up what had spilled and opened the window for air, I heard the landlady's heavy footsteps above me.
D. Johns Hopkins who had once called at the farm, and who now politely plied him with questions.
Oh, my Gawd, my Gawd, the voice choked out.
Considerable talk was started when Silas Bishop of the undecayed Bishops mentioned having seen the boy running sturdily up that hill ahead of his mother about an hour before the blaze was remarked.
For bringing the upper earth men's death I must do a penance, but that would not be heavy.
It was by the light of candles that I read I recall the relentless dripping of the wax and there were chimes that came every now and then from distant belfries.
There, where morbidity lurked most thickly, I searched and poked during long afternoons when the sunlight filtered in through the cobwebbed above ground windows, and a sense of security glowed from the unlocked door which placed me only a few feet from the placid sidewalk outside.
Yes, there's a hotel in Innsmouth called the Gilman House but I don't believe it can amount to much.
The white apes and the stuffed goddess were discussed with all the native chiefs of the region, but it remained for a European to improve on the data offered by old Mwanu.
Over and over again through those aeons I whispered and muttered, called, shouted, and screamed, Warren Warren Answer me are you there?
In his hand was a short sword snatched from the belt of D. Vibulanus, a subcenturio, and on his face was such a look of terror that the stoutest veterans turned pale at the sight.
We had, as in my own former explorations, left the door to the street unlocked; so that a direct and practical path of escape might lie open in case of manifestations beyond our power to deal with.
I saw the attic laboratory, the electrical machine, and the unsightly form of Tillinghast opposite me; but of all the space unoccupied by familiar material objects not one particle was vacant.
And in the twilight, as the stars came out one by one and the moon cast on the marsh a radiance like that which a child sees quivering on the floor as he is rocked to sleep at evening, there walked into the lethal quicksands a very old man in tattered purple, crowned with withered vine leaves and gazing ahead as if upon the golden domes of a fair city where dreams are understood.
If they did, my stratagem must have deceived them, for they passed on across the moonlit space without varying their course meanwhile croaking and jabbering in some hateful guttural patois I could not identify.
Statues and paintings there were, all of fiendish subjects and some executed by St. John and myself.
The thing that lay half bent on its side in a foetid pool of greenish yellow ichor and tarry stickiness was almost nine feet tall, and the dog had torn off all the clothing and some of the skin.
You can bet that prying strangers ain't welcome around Innsmouth.
This final memory, whatever it was, proved too much for poor Curtis; and he collapsed completely before he could say more.
In the gardens of these cities are strange orchids, and perfumed lakes whose beds are of coral and amber.
He was barefooted and in his night clothes, and when he tried to walk discovered that he could scarcely lift his feet.
Then the two rowed to a galley in the harbour, and giving orders to the oarsmen, commenced to sail out into the billowy Cerenerian Sea that leads to the sky.
The apparition spoke of the curse which had hovered over my house, told me of my coming end, dwelt on the wrong perpetrated by my ancestor against old Michel Mauvais, and gloated over the revenge of Charles Le Sorcier.
His enthusiasm had seemed for the moment to remove from his terrible eyes the hatred that had at first so haunted them, but suddenly the fiendish glare returned, and with a shocking sound like the hissing of a serpent, the stranger raised a glass phial with the evident intent of ending my life as had Charles Le Sorcier, six hundred years before, ended that of my ancestor.
Many would have disliked to live if possessed of the peculiar features of Arthur Jermyn, but he had been a poet and scholar and had not minded.
For a long hour the watchers gazed, whilst the vapours swirled and the screen of clouds grew thicker and more restless.
My frantic running ceased before I had covered a block, for at my left I began to hear something like the hue and cry of organised pursuit.
Almost eight feet tall, and carrying a cheap new valise from Osborn's general store, this dark and goatish gargoyle appeared one day in Arkham in quest of the dreaded volume kept under lock and key at the college library the hideous Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred in Olaus Wormius' Latin version, as printed in Spain in the seventeenth century.
But the most baffling thing was the inability of anyone to place the recorded parents of the young woman Enoch and Lydia Meserve Marsh among the known families of New Hampshire.
Sheehan's is the acknowledged centre to Chicago's subterranean traffic in liquor and narcotics, and as such has a certain dignity which extends even to the unkempt attachés of the place; but there was until lately one who lay outside the pale of that dignity one who shared the squalor and filth, but not the importance, of Sheehan's.
In about two hours the boat rested in a paved plaza close to the rocky wall of the valley.
Yet I did not hurry too precipitately, for there were architectural details worth viewing at every silent corner; and I could easily, I calculated, cover the necessary distance in a half hour.
Wise men have interpreted dreams, and the gods have laughed.
It's well above water a good part of the time, and never much below it, but at that you could hardly call it an island.
It was from these that I determined to choose a colleague, and the more I reflected the more my preference inclined toward one Arthur Munroe, a dark, lean man of about thirty five, whose education, taste, intelligence, and temperament all seemed to mark him as one not bound to conventional ideas and experiences.
It was then that the most horrible impression of all was borne in upon me the impression which destroyed my last vestige of self control and set me running frantically southward past the yawning black doorways and fishily staring windows of that deserted nightmare street.
There was just a chance that the townsfolk would not think of that; since its brier choked desertion made it half impassable, and the unlikeliest of all avenues for a fugitive to choose.
There were even bold souls who proposed an offensive expedition down in the glen, though they did not venture to set an actual example to the still reluctant majority.
Another might not have relished the damp, odorous chamber with the eight carelessly placed coffins; but Birch in those days was insensitive, and was concerned only in getting the right coffin for the right grave.
They whistle jest in tune with my breathin' naow, he said, an' I guess they're gittin' ready to ketch my soul.
The immediate problem was how to reach the ancient railway; and I now saw that the safest course was ahead to Babson Street, then west to Lafayette there edging around but not crossing an open space homologous to the one I had traversed and subsequently back northward and westward in a zigzagging line through Lafayette, Bates, Adams, and Bank Streets the latter skirting the river gorge to the abandoned and dilapidated station I had seen from my window.
I shuddered at the thought of those vital processes, worn as they were by eighty one years of continuous functioning, in conflict with unknown forces of which the youngest and strongest system might well be afraid; but in another moment reflected that dreams are only dreams, and that these uncomfortable visions could be, at most, no more than my uncle's reaction to the investigations and expectations which had lately filled our minds to the exclusion of all else.
I was like you once, and I did it.
In , as a Captain in Rhode Island forces in New Jersey under Colonel Angell, he met and married Phebe Hetfield of Elizabethtown, whom he brought to Providence upon his honourable discharge in the following year.
Over two hours must have passed before I reached what seemed to be my goal, a venerable ivied castle in a thickly wooded park; maddeningly familiar, yet full of perplexing strangeness to me.
The town, I could see, formed a significant and exaggerated example of communal decay; but being no sociologist I would limit my serious observations to the field of architecture.
But I did place upon his head and mine the two ends of my cosmic radio; hoping against hope for a first and last message from the dream world in the brief time remaining.
What the things agreed to give in return was plenty o' fish they druv 'em in from all over the sea an' a few gold like things naow an' then.
Many months passed, yet in the sour face of Musides came nothing of the sharp expectancy which the situation should arouse.
When Gilman stood up the tiles felt hot to his bare feet.
Its size was very great, and seemed the greater because of its extraordinary bareness and neglect.
The light seemed now to be more like a rain or hail of small violet particles than like a continuous beam.
He was alone in the sky with this queer and very disturbing house; and when he sidled around to the front and saw that the wall stood flush with the cliff's edge, so that the single narrow door was not to be reached save from the empty aether, he felt a distinct terror that altitude could not wholly explain.
The stones in the crumbling corridors seemed always hideously damp, and there was an accursed smell everywhere, as of the piled up corpses of dead generations.
The results of this examination were not at first very enlightening, though our tabulation of them seemed to reveal a fairly significant trend; namely, that the number of reported horrors was by far the greatest in areas either comparatively near the avoided house or connected with it by stretches of the morbidly overnourished forest.
My own sensations can scarcely be recorded.
I made some use of 'em, he would say as he tried to mend a torn black letter page with paste prepared on the rusty kitchen stove, but the boy's fitten to make better use of 'em.
Uninquiring souls let this occurrence pass as one of the major clashes in a spasmodic war on liquor.
As he walked toward the bus I observed his peculiarly shambling gait and saw that his feet were inordinately immense.
They from outside will help, but they cannot take body without human blood.
On the afternoon of June , as reported by wireless to the U , bound for Kiel, we torpedoed the British freighter Victory, New York to Liverpool, in N. Latitude , W. Longitude ; permitting the crew to leave in boats in order to obtain a good cinema view for the admiralty records.
Well, Eliot, there wasn't much for me to do after that harangue but to keep myself from running instead of walking for the first vacant cab we could sight.
Once a gap in the trees opened up to the right, so that he saw off across leagues of twilight meadow and spied the old Congregational steeple on Central Hill in Kingsport; pink with the last flush of day, the panes of the little round windows blazing with reflected fire.
But neither ship nor land appeared, and I began to despair in my solitude upon the heaving vastnesses of unbroken blue.
Manton had two malignant wounds in the chest, and some less severe cuts or gougings in the back.
So The Street dreamed on, past wars, calamities, and changes.
But for all of their monstrousness they were not unfamiliar to me.
The graoun' was a talkin' lass night, an' towards mornin' Cha'ncey he heerd the whippoorwills so laoud in Col' Spring Glen he couldn't sleep nun.
The men in olive drab could not tell what was happening, or what they ought to do; for the swart, sinister men were skilled in subtlety and concealment.
There seemed to be a change in the old man an added element of furtiveness in the clouded brain which subtly transformed him from an object to a subject of fear though he was not one to be perturbed by any common family event.
In she fell victim to a mild form of insanity, and was thereafter confined to the upper part of the house; her elder maiden sister, Mercy Dexter, having moved in to take charge of the family.
Elwood jumped up, turned on the lights, and rushed over to his guest's couch.
For though the wind had not left much snow, a few patches did remain on the path near the door; and in that fleeting backward look it seemed to my troubled eyes that they bore no mark of passing feet, not even mine.
We had not been settled a week before we got an accident victim on the very night of burial, and made it open its eyes with an amazingly rational expression before the solution failed.
The usual sputtering began, turned to a whine, and terminated in a drone so soft as to suggest a return to silence.
For a moment I kept sight of the glow of his lantern, and heard the rustle of the wire as he laid it down after him; but the glow soon disappeared abruptly, as if a turn in the stone staircase had been encountered, and the sound died away almost as quickly.
The line put forth no branches, and Arthur was the last of it.
It was the mind and character of Arthur Jermyn which atoned for his aspect.
Thoughts of the police and of the mad Italian both weighed heavily.
He sat upright in bed, astonished to find himself at home and completely ignorant of what had happened in dream or reality since the night of March nd.
He had warned me of something, and I had not heeded but he was a soft headed Rhinelander who went mad at troubles a Prussian could bear with ease.
All at once the dog started up abruptly, gave a frightened bark, and leaped nervously out of the window by which it had entered.
There must have been prodigious reserves of strength in the old man to enable him to accomplish so much hard labour; and though he still babbled dementedly at times, his carpentry seemed to shew the effects of sound calculation.
Mounting a chair, he attached one end of the rope to a hook in the great exposed central beam of black oak, and began making a noose with the other end.
And nearest of all was the graveyard, where deformed trees tossed insane branches as their roots displaced unhallowed slabs and sucked venom from what lay below.
Or did it know that I was the leader, and save me for a fate worse than that of my companions?
It was that of an ancient Puritan interior a heavily beamed room with lattice windows, a settle, and clumsy seventeenth century furniture, with the family sitting about while the father read from the Scriptures.
Crazed as I was, I saw in that awful shadow a monstrous resemblance a nauseous, unbelievable caricature a blasphemous effigy of him who had been Denys Barry.
It had rested a heavy arm or fore leg on my chest. . . .
Legrasse, deeply impressed and not a little bewildered, had inquired in vain concerning the historic affiliations of the cult.
Then, in spite of my daze of fright and disgust, my morbid curiosity triumphed; and as the last of the monstrosities oozed up alone from that nether world of unknown nightmare, I drew my automatic pistol and shot it under cover of the thunder.
That Hallowe'en the hill noises sounded louder than ever, and fire burned on Sentinel Hill as usual; but people paid more attention to the rhythmical screaming of vast flocks of unnaturally belated whippoorwills which seemed to be assembled near the unlighted Whateley farmhouse.
Collins and First Mate Green, were killed; and the remaining eight under Second Mate Johansen proceeded to navigate the captured yacht, going ahead in their original direction to see if any reason for their ordering back had existed.
So came he one night to the squalid cot of an antique shepherd, bent and dirty, who kept lean flocks on a stony slope above a quicksand marsh.
At first astonished and startled, considering the lack of response to my recent knocking at the door, I immediately afterward concluded that the walker had just awakened from a sound sleep; and listened with less surprise as the footsteps sounded on the creaking stairs.
Certain spots were almost forbidden territory, as he had learned at considerable cost.
And one night, sitting alone in the darkness of the olive grove, Kalos died.
The older fellows look the worst fact is, I don't believe I've ever seen a very old chap of that kind.
Later I might sift the tale and extract some nucleus of historic allegory; just now I wished to put it out of my head.
Relieved of my seizure in a marvellously short while, I left the shivery place a disciple and devotee of the gifted recluse.
Toward morning I must have dropped asleep with the lights on, for I awoke in darkness yesterday afternoon to find the batteries dead.
EH AHHHH AH E'YAAHHHH. . .
At another Time Bozzy as we us'd to call him complain'd of my Harshness toward new Writers in the Articles I prepar'd for The Monthly Review.
But he steadied me with that terrible, ice cold claw, and once more made his insidious gesture.
And I have read more of these things, and of many things besides, in the books men gave me when I was young and filled with wonder.
Rome and Ravenna are rivals for the honour of his birth, though it is certain that he received his rhetorical and philosophical training in the schools of Athens the extent of whose suppression by Theodosius a century before is grossly exaggerated by the superficial.
After that we lived in growing horror and fascination.
Indeed, the crumbling of the adobe hut and the closing of the rock fissure by a subsequent avalanche had helped to efface even the scene from recollection.
The Emma's men shewed fight, says the survivor, and though the schooner began to sink from shots beneath the waterline they managed to heave alongside their enemy and board her, grappling with the savage crew on the yacht's deck, and being forced to kill them all, the number being slightly superior, because of their particularly abhorrent and desperate though rather clumsy mode of fighting.
The vast, barn like length of the old bridge gleamed spectrally in the moonlight, and I saw that the ties were safe for at least a few feet within.
Somehow they managed to live on independently by the products of their estate, for occasional lights glimpsed from far away hills attested their continued presence.
After the Civil War all industrial life was confined to the Marsh Refining Company, and the marketing of gold ingots formed the only remaining bit of major commerce aside from the eternal fishing.
I experienced some shame at my susceptibility to so slight a thing, but the drawing nevertheless disturbed me, especially in connexion with some adjacent passages descriptive of Anzique gastronomy.
As soon as the torch, which I lowered into the repellent depths, burned freely and steadily, I commenced my descent.
I think that whoever nursed me must have been shockingly aged, since my first conception of a living person was that of something mockingly like myself, yet distorted, shrivelled, and decaying like the castle.
This building stood on the steep river bluff near a bridge and an open confluence of streets which I took to be the earliest civic centre, displaced after the Revolution by the present Town Square.
It was after a night like this that I shocked the community with a queer conceit about the burial of the rich and celebrated Squire Brewster, a maker of local history who was interred in , and whose slate headstone, bearing a graven skull and crossbones, was slowly crumbling to powder.
As prearranged, the three adventurers started out separately in order to prevent any evil minded suspicions afterward.
My formerly silent tongue waxed voluble with the easy grace of a Chesterfield or the godless cynicism of a Rochester.
One summer night, after a thunderstorm of unprecedented violence, the countryside was aroused by a squatter stampede which no mere delusion could create.
When they got old an' begun to shew it, they was kep' hid until they felt like takin' to the water an' quittin' the place.
They never did quite figure out what the trouble was, but it was probably some foreign kind of disease brought from China or somewhere by the shipping.
When I had entered the room I had shut the door behind me.
At the same time the wolfish wind rose to daemoniac crescendoes of ululation.
Messrs. Ricci and Silva met in Water Street by the old man's front gate, and although they did not like the way the moon shone down upon the painted stones through the budding branches of the gnarled trees, they had more important things to think about than mere idle superstition.
And as I writhe in my guilty agony, frantic to save the city whose peril every moment grows, and vainly striving to shake off this unnatural dream of a house of stone and brick south of a sinister swamp and a cemetery on a low hillock; the Pole Star, evil and monstrous, leers down from the black vault, winking hideously like an insane watching eye which strives to convey some strange message, yet recalls nothing save that it once had a message to convey.
And as I stood there looking in terror, the wind blew out both the candles in that ancient peaked garret, leaving me in savage and impenetrable darkness with chaos and pandemonium before me, and the daemon madness of that night baying viol behind me.
So I told them no more.
It was a peaceful Arcadian scene, but knowing what it hid I hated it.
Steeled by old ordeals in dissecting rooms, the doctor entered and looked about, stifling the nausea of mind and body that everything in sight and smell induced.
I hope that no one else will accomplish this piecing out; certainly, if I live, I shall never knowingly supply a link in so hideous a chain.
I constantly consulted my watch by the light of my electric lantern, and listened with feverish anxiety at the receiver of the telephone; but for more than a quarter of an hour heard nothing.
As I approached the arch I began to perceive the presence more clearly; and then, with the first and last sound I ever uttered a ghastly ululation that revolted me almost as poignantly as its noxious cause I beheld in full, frightful vividness the inconceivable, indescribable, and unmentionable monstrosity which had by its simple appearance changed a merry company to a herd of delirious fugitives.
He wasn't strictly human.
I think that these things were supposed to depict men at least, a certain sort of men; though the creatures were shewn disporting like fishes in the waters of some marine grotto, or paying homage at some monolithic shrine which appeared to be under the waves as well.
All at once I saw there were others in the room grave looking men in clerical costume, one of whom wore the bands and knee breeches of a bishop.
The hour was one of approaching triumph, for was not my fellow being escaping at last from a degrading periodic bondage; escaping forever, and preparing to follow the accursed oppressor even unto the uttermost fields of ether, that upon it might be wrought a flaming cosmic vengeance which would shake the spheres?
Gilman whose ears had so lately possessed an abnormal sensitiveness was now stone deaf.
We often cast a beam around the ship, but saw only dolphins, swimming parallel to our own drifting course.
Countrymen near Jermyn House had perhaps heard wilder tales handed down from ancestors who had listened to Sir Wade around the tables of the Knight's Head.
When dawn came Iranon looked about with dismay, for the domes of Oonai were not golden in the sun, but grey and dismal.
He led me out of that tangle of alleys in another direction, it seems, for when we sighted a lamp post we were in a half familiar street with monotonous rows of mingled tenement blocks and old houses.
So The Street slept uneasily on, till one night there gathered in Petrovitch's Bakery and the Rifkin School of Modern Economics, and the Circle Social Club, and Liberty Café, and in other places as well, vast hordes of men whose eyes were big with horrible triumph and expectation.
It was well, it was mostly a kind of force that doesn't belong in our part of space; a kind of force that acts and grows and shapes itself by other laws than those of our sort of Nature.
As the man rambled on Gilman felt a nameless panic clutch at his throat.
It had been locked, and I did not find the key till it occurred to me to examine the personal ring which the professor carried always in his pocket.
Like and yet unlike, for there was in the eyes of all a weird, unhealthy glitter as of greed, ambition, vindictiveness, or misguided zeal.
You might as well say, you have a strong Suspicion that Milton wrote Paradise Lost I thereafter saw Johnson very frequently, most often at Meetings of THE LITERARY CLUB, which was founded the next Year by the Doctor, together with Mr. Burke, the parliamentary Orator, Mr. Beauclerk, a Gentleman of Fashion, Mr. Langton, a pious Man and Captain of Militia, Sir J. Reynolds, the widely known Painter, Dr. Goldsmith, the prose and poetick Writer, Dr. Nugent, father in law to Mr. Burke, Sir John Hawkins, Mr. Anthony Chamier, and my self.
But I was not to reach my destination without one very strong impression of poignantly disagreeable quality.
The nightmare was quick to come; for as I entered, there occurred immediately one of the most terrifying demonstrations I had ever conceived.
Rough and scabby, and the sides of their necks are all shrivelled or creased up.
In my enthusiasm I became nearly as idiotic and sentimental as poor Klenze, and was very tardy in noticing that the southward current had ceased at last, allowing the U to settle slowly down upon the sunken city as an aëroplane settles upon a town of the upper earth.
Vast, Polyphemus like, and loathsome, it darted like a stupendous monster of nightmares to the monolith, about which it flung its gigantic scaly arms, the while it bowed its hideous head and gave vent to certain measured sounds.
Well, I should say that the really weird artist has a kind of vision which makes models, or summons up what amounts to actual scenes from the spectral world he lives in.
The bodies had to be exceedingly fresh, or the slight decomposition of brain tissue would render perfect reanimation impossible.
Something of the benevolent fanatic seemed to reside in him, and he rambled on almost garrulously as he sounded my chest and mixed a suitable draught of drugs fetched from the smaller laboratory room.
Again he tried to stop up the hole at the base of the slanting wall, wedging in a candlestick which seemed of about the right size.
They climb to the moonlit towers of ruined Rhine castles, and falter down black cobwebbed steps beneath the scattered stones of forgotten cities in Asia.
It is not permitted me to tell your waking earth self of your real self, but we are all roamers of vast spaces and travellers in many ages.
It was their changeling and in a spirit of supreme irony Pickman had given the features a very perceptible resemblance to his own.
The practices I heard attributed to him would be unbelievable today, at least in a city; and even Peck Valley would have shuddered a bit had it known the easy ethics of its mortuary artist in such debatable matters as the ownership of costly laying out apparel invisible beneath the casket's lid, and the degree of dignity to be maintained in posing and adapting the unseen members of lifeless tenants to containers not always calculated with sublimest accuracy.
He had, however, a great interest in antiquities; and proposed to explore the bog thoroughly when it was drained.
Maybe Harvard wun't be so fussy as yew be.
they never stopped swimmin' in an' aout o' the river from that cursed reef o' Satan an' more an' more attic winders got a boarded up, an' more an' more noises was heerd in haouses as wa'n't s'posed to hev nobody in 'em. . . .
Men of learning suspect it little, and ignore it mostly.
So I was silent when the sun set fulgently over the far hills, and Kilderry blazed all red and gold in a flame that seemed a portent.
I was not so seriously hurt, but was covered with welts and contusions of the most bewildering character, including the print of a split hoof.
These words had formed part of that dread ritual which told of dead Cthulhu's dream vigil in his stone vault at R'lyeh, and I felt deeply moved despite my rational beliefs.
Gilman could not be very clear about his reasons for this last assumption, but his haziness here was more than overbalanced by his clearness on other complex points.
And golden flames played about weedy locks, so that Olney was dazzled as he did them homage.
Neither did his old physician Dr. Davis, who died years ago.
In this walk, so many times repeated, the world's greatest master of the terrible and the bizarre was obliged to pass a particular house on the eastern side of the street; a dingy, antiquated structure perched on the abruptly rising side hill, with a great unkempt yard dating from a time when the region was partly open country.
they took Bennett and Tobey first . . . on each side of us. . .
Later the god and the princess had returned, and upon the death of the princess her divine husband had mummified the body and enshrined it in a vast house of stone, where it was worshipped.
You, I conceive, would be tickled by a better sight of sartain other years than your fancy affords you; so be pleased to hold back any fright at what I design to shew.
There Mazurewicz had found something monstrous or thought he had, for no one else could quite agree with him despite the undeniable queerness of the prints.
The final conclusion of the linguists was that the text represented an artificial alphabet, giving the effect of a cipher; though none of the usual methods of cryptographic solution seemed to furnish any clue, even when applied on the basis of every tongue the writer might conceivably have used.
May the merciful gods, if indeed there be such, guard those hours when no power of the will, or drug that the cunning of man devises, can keep me from the chasm of sleep.
Some of these were sealed and intact, but others had nearly vanished, leaving the silver handles and plates isolated amidst certain curious heaps of whitish dust.
Niches here and there contained skulls of all shapes, and heads preserved in various stages of dissolution.
An' jest then our folks organised the Esoteric Order o' Dagon, an' bought Masonic Hall offen Calvary Commandery for it . . .
As the ages passed, first one, then another of the four great turrets were left to ruin, until at last but a single tower housed the sadly reduced descendants of the once mighty lords of the estate.
In the evening Barry dined with me and announced that he would begin the drainage in two days.
And the bearded man made enigmatical gestures of prayer, and lit tall candles in curiously wrought brass candlesticks.
The patterns all hinted of remote secrets and unimaginable abysses in time and space, and the monotonously aquatic nature of the reliefs became almost sinister.
The Old Ones were, the Old Ones are, and the Old Ones shall be.
I looked at Zann, and saw that he was past conscious observation.
It was said that the swart men who dwelt in The Street and congregated in its rotting edifices were the brains of a hideous revolution; that at their word of command many millions of brainless, besotted beasts would stretch forth their noisome talons from the slums of a thousand cities, burning, slaying, and destroying till the land of our fathers should be no more.
Barzai knew so much of the gods that he could tell of their comings and goings, and guessed so many of their secrets that he was deemed half a god himself.
Ain't ben seed abaout in public fer nigh on ten year'.
Once my uncle thought he lay in a carelessly dug open pit, with a crowd of angry faces framed by straggling locks and three cornered hats frowning down on him.
No word was uttered, for the spot and the task seemed known to us; and without delay we seized our spades and commenced to clear away the grass, weeds, and drifted earth from the flat, archaic mortuary.
Having exhausted the Harris family of all the information it could furnish, I turned my attention to early town records and deeds with a zeal more penetrating than that which my uncle had occasionally shewn in the same work.
A smell of oil was all that came up from the regions below.
Past, present, future, all are one in Yog Sothoth.
Flutes shrieked and drums began to beat, and as I watched in awe and terror I thought I saw dark saltant forms silhouetted grotesquely against the vision of marble and effulgence.
I followed his glance, and beheld just above us on the loose plaster of the ancient ceiling a large irregular spot of wet crimson which seemed to spread even as I viewed it.
I watched from midnight to one o'clock, when in spite of the sinister house, the unprotected window, and the approaching thunder and lightning, I felt singularly drowsy.
We entered the laboratory in the attic, and I observed that detestable electrical machine, glowing with a sickly, sinister, violet luminosity.
One of them, a heavy tome with an iron clasp, was in another unknown alphabet this one of a very different cast, and resembling Sanscrit more than anything else.
Now it is told in the mouldy Pnakotic Manuscripts that Sansu found naught but wordless ice and rock when he climbed Hatheg Kla in the youth of the world.
Balbutius, had also come from Calagurris, where the permanent station was.
At last he woke in his bed in the crazily angled garret of the eldritch old house.
And up unending steps of shining zircon was the tower chamber, wherefrom the high priests looked out over the city and the plains and the lake by day; and at the cryptic moon and significant stars and planets, and their reflections in the lake, by night.
There it still stood on the night I dug in Jan Martense's grave.
I heard Zann stumble to the window and close both shutter and sash, then stumble to the door, which he falteringly unfastened to admit me.
Down the hill amid scented grasses and brilliant flowers walked Kuranes, over the bubbling Naraxa on the small wooden bridge where he had carved his name so many years ago, and through the whispering grove to the great stone bridge by the city gate.
Utter bewilderment and the fear of madness racked Gilman as he staggered to the door and saw that there were no muddy prints outside.
Among these sounds were frequent revolver shots surely not uncommon on a battlefield, but distinctly uncommon in an hospital.
That was what she said.
They've ben telling things about Innsmouth whispering 'em, mostly for the last hundred years, I guess, and I gather they're more scared than anything else.
It was tall in front, and with a very large and curiously irregular periphery, as if designed for a head of almost freakishly elliptical outline.
Evidently some blight or distemper, perhaps sprung from the unwholesome pasturage or the diseased fungi and timbers of the filthy barn, caused a heavy mortality amongst the Whateley animals.
I could not, I decided, risk an emergence into the corridor; where my footsteps would surely be heard, and where the difficulties of entering the desired room would be insuperable.
It was Ann White who first gave definite shape to the sinister idle talk.
So, after thoroughly studying the manuscript again and correlating the theosophical and anthropological notes with the cult narrative of Legrasse, I made a trip to Providence to see the sculptor and give him the rebuke I thought proper for so boldly imposing upon a learned and aged man.
It's a frightful thing to have alive, but it isn't as bad as what Wilbur would have let in if he'd lived longer.
Everything was wrong, with the broad window shewing a sea of roofs in which only about one in five was ancient, and the sound of trolleys and motors in the streets below.
nobody left but them as ud jine in with Obed an' them things or else keep quiet . . .
The insane yarn I had heard from the aged drunkard did not promise very pleasant dreams, and I felt I must keep the image of his wild, watery eyes as far as possible from my imagination.
Old Michel was said to have burnt his wife alive as a sacrifice to the Devil, and the unaccountable disappearances of many small peasant children were laid at the dreaded door of these two.
Horrible beyond conception was the change which had taken place in my best friend, Crawford Tillinghast.
The rumour now spread widely that these houses contained the leaders of a vast band of terrorists, who on a designated day were to launch an orgy of slaughter for the extermination of America and of all the fine old traditions which The Street had loved.
This morning the strange pulls from space seemed lessened, though they were replaced by another sensation even more inexplicable.
There were some large square Georgian houses, too, with hipped roofs, cupolas, and railed widow's walks.
He told how the young Charles had escaped into the night, returning in after years to kill Godfrey the heir with an arrow just as he approached the age which had been his father's at his assassination; how he had secretly returned to the estate and established himself, unknown, in the even then deserted subterranean chamber whose doorway now framed the hideous narrator; how he had seized Robert, son of Godfrey, in a field, forced poison down his throat, and left him to die at the age of thirty two, thus maintaining the foul provisions of his vengeful curse.
Just as the building was wiped out by a German shell, there had been a success.
On the green and flowery mountains of Cathuria stand temples of pink marble, rich with carven and painted glories, and having in their courtyards cool fountains of silver, where purl with ravishing music the scented waters that come from the grotto born river Narg.
He now seated me near the machine, so that it was on my right, and turned a switch somewhere below the crowning cluster of glass bulbs.
But he cleaned the key, and kept it by him nightly in its aromatic box of ancient oak.
Our couches were side by side, and we knew in a few seconds that we were in St. Mary's Hospital.
These persons were not all cut off suddenly by any one cause; rather did it seem that their vitality was insidiously sapped, so that each one died the sooner from whatever tendency to weakness he may have naturally had.
It was very dark, for although the sky was clear the moon was now well in the wane, and would not rise till the small hours.
Even had its outlines been unfamiliar we would have desired it, but as we looked more closely we saw that it was not wholly unfamiliar.
West had a private laboratory in an east room of the barn like temporary edifice, assigned him on his plea that he was devising new and radical methods for the treatment of hitherto hopeless cases of maiming.
Only the coffins themselves remained as potential stepping stones, and as he considered these he speculated on the best mode of arranging them.
Oh, oh, my Gawd, that haff face that haff face on top of it . . .
The wind gibbers with Their voices, and the earth mutters with Their consciousness.
But he could not play to another his weird harmonies, and could not bear hearing them from another; nor could he bear having anything in his room touched by another.
The dirty looking fellow who waited on me had a touch of the staring Innsmouth look, but was quite civil in his way; being perhaps used to the custom of such convivial strangers truckmen, gold buyers, and the like as were occasionally in town.
Light indeed glowed on the panels ahead, but it was not any light that the moon gives.
At first I would tiptoe up to my old fifth floor, then I grew bold enough to climb the last creaking staircase to the peaked garret.
When I had tried to question the natives in the shops, the lunch room, the garages, and the fire station, I had found them even harder to get started than the ticket agent had predicted; and realised that I could not spare the time to overcome their first instinctive reticences.
And I viewed by moonlight the sparkling sea, the crystal headlands, and the placid harbour wherein lay anchored the White Ship.
One window had lost its entire frame, and in the other there was not a trace of glass in the little diamond apertures.
There was some peculiarly abominable quality about them which made their destruction seem almost a duty, and Johansen shews ingenuous wonder at the charge of ruthlessness brought against his party during the proceedings of the court of inquiry.
Taking advantage of the disorganisation of both college work and municipal health regulations, he managed to get a recently deceased body smuggled into the university dissecting room one night, and in my presence injected a new modification of his solution.
As an amateur antiquarian I almost lost my olfactory disgust and my feeling of menace and repulsion amidst this rich, unaltered survival from the past.
Into the north window of my chamber glows the Pole Star with uncanny light.
So I read again that hideous chapter, and shuddered doubly because it was indeed not new to me.
At the sides of their necks were palpitating gills, and their long paws were webbed.
On the morning of the th Gilman awaked into a maelstrom of horror.
Haow'd ye like to hear what comes from that awful reef every May Eve an' Hallowmass?
Then came days of evil, when many who had known The Street of old knew it no more; and many knew it, who had not known it before.
Recurrent sheet lightnings illumed the tumbled ground and the remains of the curious low hummock which had stretched down from the wooded higher slope, but there was nothing in the chaos to shew my place of egress from the lethal catacomb.
In frame he was small, but intensely powerful, and was of incredible agility.
I was up ta his haouse onct, on the hill, tradin' hosses, when I see this book.
Yet nothing whatever happened to Gilman till about the time of the fever.
His figure, lean to the proportions of a skeleton, was strangely bent and almost lost within the voluminous folds of his peculiar garment.
It was our design to sit up together till very late, and then watch singly till dawn in two hour stretches, myself first and then my companion; the inactive member resting on the cot.
His demeanour would assume an unwonted grace and even dignity; and the sodden creatures around him would sense something of superiority something which made them less ready to give the usual kicks and cuffs to the poor butt and drudge.
And always the goal of my fancies was the mighty vine grown wall with the little gate of bronze therein.
The effect of this volume had not left me, and I felt a certain hesitancy in speaking of it; but curiosity overmastered all the vague fears which had steadily accumulated since my first glimpse of the house.
He had been flushed and excited then, talking in a high and unnatural, though always pedantic, voice.
But not many flags floated over The Street, for therein brooded only fear and hatred and ignorance.
His clutch relaxed, and as he saw my disgust and offence his own anger seemed to subside.
About seven o'clock Luther Brown, the hired boy at George Corey's, between Cold Spring Glen and the village, rushed frenziedly back from his morning trip to Ten Acre Meadow with the cows.
After that I lost the feeling that there were persons on the settle, and was reading intently and shudderingly when the old man came back booted and dressed in a loose antique costume, and sat down on that very bench, so that I could not see him.
The dusk fell, and lights faintly gleamed in some of the distant windows, but we did not move.
Of the longitude I knew nothing, and no island or coast line was in sight.
Something about the staring, unwinking expression of both of them had given me a vague, unaccountable uneasiness.
It was horribly realistic, and I could soon distinguish by its aid the familiar objects around me, as well as the empty sodium bromide glass of which I had had no former visual impression in its present location.
Dr. Whipple was a sane, conservative physician of the old school, and for all his interest in the place was not eager to encourage young thoughts toward the abnormal.
All to onct Sally she yelled agin, an' says the front yard picket fence hed just crumbled up, though they wa'n't no sign o' what done it.
By complying with his suicidal request I could immediately free myself from one who was no longer a companion but a menace.
Shou'd my present Recollections meet with Favour, I might later set down some further Anecdotes of old Times of which I am the only Survivor.
The man was great I say it even now, knowing as much as I do.
The scenery, judged by any ordinary aesthetic canon, is more than commonly beautiful; yet there is no influx of artists or summer tourists.
Then came the shift as vast converging planes of a slippery looking substance loomed above and below him a shift which ended in a flash of delirium and a blaze of unknown, alien light in which yellow, carmine, and indigo were madly and inextricably blended.
His feet were indistinguishable because of the table and bench, but he must have been shod, since there was a clicking whenever he changed position.
But when I went to Sinara I found the dromedary men all drunken and ribald, and saw that their songs were not as mine, so I travelled in a barge down the Xari to onyx walled Jaren.
h'ehye n'grkdl'lh. . .
He had a narrow head, bulging, watery blue eyes that seemed never to wink, a flat nose, a receding forehead and chin, and singularly undeveloped ears.
Their hand is at your throats, yet ye see Them not; and Their habitation is even one with your guarded threshold.
I spoke with awe, and I think he shared it for a second, but the evil grin returned.
they wanted to mix like they done with the Kanakys, an' he fer one didn't feel baound to stop 'em.
We don't know what it is, but we suspect it has something to do with what he did.
There was a cavernous fireplace and a spinning wheel at which a bent old woman in loose wrapper and deep poke bonnet sat back toward me, silently spinning despite the festive season.
I was by this time thankfully certain that the railway itself was not patrolled.
I had an insistent and unaccountable craving for a sleep whose dreams I should not remember.
Much was expected of it; and as a few twitching motions began to appear, I could see the feverish interest on West's face.
For many nights there had been a hollow drumming on the hills, and at last the ædile Tib.
But though men talked of great changes, The Street felt them not; for its folk were still the same, speaking of the old familiar things in the old familiar accents.
He was a man of immense height, probably more than six feet, though his stooping shoulders sometimes belied this fact.
Dr. West's reanimated specimens were not meant for long existence or a large audience.
I have examined maps of the city with the greatest care, yet have never again found the Rue d'Auseil.
And I would tell myself that the realm beyond the wall was not more lasting merely, but more lovely and radiant as well.
Never saw the old man.
His features had perhaps been noble once, but were now seamed with the ghastly effects of terrible dissipation.
We all hed to take the Oath o' Dagon, an' later on they was secon' an' third Oaths that some on us took.
I turned my electric flashlight on him and found his face averted, so rising and crossing to the other side of the cot, I again flashed the light to see if he seemed in any pain.
With me were two faithful and muscular men for whom I had sent when the time came; men long associated with me in my ghastly explorations because of their peculiar fitness.
As many visitors came to view the prodigious tree, as to admire the art of the sculptor, so that Musides was seldom alone.
One evening as I strolled on Victoria Embankment for some needed air, I saw a black shape obscure one of the reflections of the lamps in the water.
What annoyed me was merely the persistent way in which the volume tended to fall open of itself at Plate XII, which represented in gruesome detail a butcher's shop of the cannibal Anziques.
They insisted that this was Kingsport, and I could not deny it.
No one had ever seen her closely, not even the servants; for her disposition had been violent and singular.
The condition of this bridge would determine my next step.
My mind, as alert as my senses, recognised the gravely unusual; and almost automatically I leaped up and turned about to grasp the destructive instruments which we had left trained on the mouldy spot before the fireplace.
The aspect of that ruin I cannot describe I must have been mad, for it seemed to rise majestic and undecayed, splendid and column cinctured, the flame reflecting marble of its entablature piercing the sky like the apex of a temple on a mountain top.
After I saw that he was no longer in the boat I threw the searchlight around the water in an effort to obtain a last glimpse of him; since I wished to ascertain whether the water pressure would flatten him as it theoretically should, or whether the body would be unaffected, like those extraordinary dolphins.
The place was a four story mansion of brownstone, dating apparently from the late forties, and fitted with woodwork and marble whose stained and sullied splendour argued a descent from high levels of tasteful opulence.
Shaken with such a mental revolution as I had never before known, I now resolved to visit Mate Johansen in Oslo.
Plainly, this house was of the old world.
It was disturbing to think that one, perhaps two, of our monsters still lived that thought haunted us shadowingly, till finally West disappeared under frightful circumstances.
The small room seemed green with a dim aqueous light, and Olney saw that the far windows to the east were not open, but shut against the misty aether with dull thick panes like the bottoms of old bottles.
Unrest and treason were abroad amongst an evil few who plotted to strike the Western Land its death blow, that they might mount to power over its ruins; even as assassins had mounted in that unhappy, frozen land from whence most of them had come.
Grotesque beyond the imagination of a or a Bulwer, they were damnably human in general outline despite webbed hands and feet, shockingly wide and flabby lips, glassy, bulging eyes, and other features less pleasant to recall.
There had been a strange kidnapping the night before in Orne's Gangway, and the two year old child of a clod like laundry worker named Anastasia Wolejko had completely vanished from sight.
It was bound in rusty iron, and no means was provided for working the formidable lock.
There was time for a little conversation before leaving for breakfast and college, so Gilman hurriedly poured forth an account of his recent dreams and fears.
Some of the faces seemed to hold expressions that brought up incredibly remote recollections; others were utterly alien.
We did not think, judging from precedent, that it would pursue us far even at worst.
Amidst this chaos of hollowness and unrest Carter tried to live as befitted a man of keen thought and good heritage.
My identity, too, is bewilderingly cloudy.
You, Sir, are the first outsider to be told there is a secret, and split me if I'd have risked tampering that much with the powers had ye not been so hot after bygone things.
But why had my uncle killed himself after an ancestral quest in New England?
Its shrill loathsome tittering stuck more and more in Gilman's head, and he could remember in the morning how it had pronounced the words Azathoth and Nyarlathotep.
The professors at Miskatonic had urged him to slacken up, and had voluntarily cut down his course at several points.
In the daemon flash of a monstrous fireball the sleeper started up suddenly while the glare from beyond the window threw his shadow vividly upon the chimney above the fireplace from which my eyes had never strayed.
The first comer now went to a cupboard on the inner side of the room and extracted a coil of rope.
The incinerator contained only unidentifiable ashes.
A mountain walked or stumbled.
And now Sefton Asylum has had the mishap and West has vanished.
At length, feeling a fatigue which had nothing of drowsiness in it, I bolted the newly outfitted hall door, turned off the light, and threw myself down on the hard, uneven bed coat, collar, shoes, and all.
Prompted by some preserving instinct of self defence, I broke through the spell that had hitherto held me immovable, and flung my now dying torch at the creature who menaced my existence.
The one thing to do was to get out of that hotel alive as quickly as I could, and through some channel other than the front stairs and lobby.
As lately as an Exeter community exhumed a dead body and ceremoniously burnt its heart in order to prevent certain alleged visitations injurious to the public health and peace, and one may imagine the point of view of the same section in .
Ugh There are few persons I loathe more than that cursed little Syrian rat I have myself been carried back to Roman times by my recent perusal of James Rhoades' Æneid, a translation never before read by me, and more faithful to P. Maro than any other versified version I have ever seen including that of my late uncle Dr. Clark, which did not attain publication.
And the mists of the dawn are thicker, and sailors are not quite so sure that all the muffled seaward ringing is that of the solemn buoys.
One must not, for example, linger much around the Marsh refinery, or around any of the still used churches, or around the pillared Order of Dagon Hall at New Church Green.
A bowl of vegetable soup with crackers was enough for me, and I soon headed back for my cheerless room at the Gilman; getting an evening paper and a flyspecked magazine from the evil visaged clerk at the rickety stand beside his desk.
Amidst it all he shewed some trace of the pride later noticed in his daughter, and what he said of the child's paternity was remembered by many of his hearers years afterward.
He smiled at this odd conceit, but it seemed that his smile was tinged with reminiscence.
They worshipped, so they said, the Great Old Ones who lived ages before there were any men, and who came to the young world out of the sky.
He says they brung us fish an' treasure, an' shud hev what they hankered arter. . . .
But business is business, and to a robber whose soul is in his profession, there is a lure and a challenge about a very old and very feeble man who has no account at the bank, and who pays for his few necessities at the village store with Spanish gold and silver minted two centuries ago.
There then followed an exhaustive comparison of details, and a moment of really awed silence when both detective and scientist agreed on the virtual identity of the phrase common to two hellish rituals so many worlds of distance apart.
Leaves the Square front of Hammond's Drug Store at a.m. and p.m. unless they've changed lately.
Let me see, Trever, continued the defaulter, didn't Schultz say your mother is a literary person, too? Yes, damn it, replied Trever, but nothing like the old Teian She's one of those dull, eternal moralisers that try to take all the joy out of life.
I hate the moon I am afraid of it for when it shines on certain scenes familiar and loved it sometimes makes them unfamiliar and hideous.
He would pause now and then to renew those nervous glances over his shoulder or out toward the reef, and despite the wild absurdity of his tale, I could not help beginning to share his vague apprehensiveness.
Seems they hankered arter mixin' with the folks, an' havin' j'int ceremonies on the big days May Eve an' Hallowe'en.
Mebbe he's tried it already they do sometimes go daown fer little spells afore they go fer good.
Those sides loom up so darkly and precipitously that one wishes they would keep their distance, but there is no road by which to escape them.
At one time I fancied I had gone mad this was when, on wondering how our way was lighted in the absence of lamp or candle, I realised that the ancient ring on my finger was glowing with eerie radiance, diffusing a pallid lustre through the damp, heavy air around.
The aversion displayed toward him by dogs had now become a matter of wide remark, and he was obliged to carry a pistol in order to traverse the countryside in safety.
I hope you won't stay till after dark.
When a traveller in north central Massachusetts takes the wrong fork at the junction of the Aylesbury pike just beyond Dean's Corners he comes upon a lonely and curious country.
It was foredoomed to failure for who could crouch blindly while a legion of croaking, baying entities of unknown source flopped noisomely past, scarcely more than a hundred yards away?
Detectives have questioned me, but what can I say?
From the manner in which Slater alluded to their dealings, I judged that he and the luminous thing had met on equal terms; that in his dream existence the man was himself a luminous thing of the same race as his enemy.
Yet all this was only the prologue of the actual Dunwich horror.
Among these odd folk, who correspond exactly to the decadent element of white trash in the South, law and morals are non existent; and their general mental status is probably below that of any other section of the native American people.
But though I have had listeners sometimes, they have ever been few, and I know that welcome shall await me only in Aira, the city of marble and beryl where my father once ruled as King.
From some farmhouse far away came the frantic barking of dogs.
It was generally stated that the affliction and shock were results of an unlucky slip whereby Birch had locked himself for nine hours in the receiving tomb of Peck Valley Cemetery, escaping only by crude and disastrous mechanical means; but while this much was undoubtedly true, there were other and blacker things which the man used to whisper to me in his drunken delirium toward the last.
Better be cautious in these old places our rodent friends are the one drawback, though I sometimes think they're a positive asset by way of atmosphere and colour.
Into the granite city of Teloth wandered the youth, vine crowned, his yellow hair glistening with myrrh and his purple robe torn with briers of the mountain Sidrak that lies across the antique bridge of stone.
About seven o'clock in the evening she had died, and her frantic husband had made a frightful scene in his efforts to kill West, whom he wildly blamed for not saving her life.
Though one might well imagine that my first sensation would be of wonder at so prodigious and unexpected a transformation of scenery, I was in reality more horrified than astonished; for there was in the air and in the rotting soil a sinister quality which chilled me to the very core.
In a few cases closely related families would band together and watch in the gloom under one roof; but in general there was only a repetition of the barricading of the night before, and a futile, ineffective gesture of loading muskets and setting pitchforks handily about.
The Emperors Tiberius and Maurice did kindly honour to his old age, and contributed much to his immortality especially Maurice, whose delight it was to trace his ancestry to old Rome notwithstanding his birth at Arabiscus, in Cappadocia.
I had wished and tried to do more than suspect, and my friend had tried and partly succeeded.
The day was pleasant, but even in the brightest sunlight a kind of quiet dread and portent seemed to hover about the strangely domed hills and the deep, shadowy ravines of the stricken region.
So now I am to end it all, having written a full account for the information or the contemptuous amusement of my fellow men.
Donning these, he reached for the volume on the table and turned the pages lovingly.
It would help my shaky nerves if I could dismiss what I now have to think of the air and the sky about and above me.
Hieroglyphics had covered the walls and pillars, and from some undetermined point below had come a voice that was not a voice; a chaotic sensation which only fancy could transmute into sound, but which he attempted to render by the almost unpronounceable jumble of letters, Cthulhu fhtagn.
It must have been some imp of the perverse or some sardonic pull from dark, hidden sources which made me change my plans as I did.
He drew a revolver and motioned me to silence, then stepped out into the main cellar and closed the door behind him.
As if beckoned by those who had gone before, I half floated between the titanic snowdrifts, quivering and afraid, into the sightless vortex of the unimaginable.
As it was, lacking their original letters, I half suspected the compiler of having asked leading questions, or of having edited the correspondence in corroboration of what he had latently resolved to see.
Gate o' hell sheer drop daown to a bottom no saoundin' line kin tech.
Then, very softly and slowly, the acre great panel began to give inward at the top; and they saw that it was balanced.
After a moment of gazing Morgan cried out sharply, passing the glass to Earl Sawyer and indicating a certain spot on the slope with his finger.
Determined upon further exploration, I felt in my pockets for flint and steel, and lit the unused torch which I had with me.
And if ye toil only that ye may toil more, when shall happiness find you?
Is it not possible that the germ of an actual contagious madness lurks in the depths of that shadow over Innsmouth?
But my wonder was not overwhelming, since for the most part I shared the materialism of my friend.
That's because only a real artist knows the actual anatomy of the terrible or the physiology of fear the exact sort of lines and proportions that connect up with latent instincts or hereditary memories of fright, and the proper colour contrasts and lighting effects to stir the dormant sense of strangeness.
Klenze, though not my mental equal, was much better than no one.
Nobody cud git aout o' them whar they got all the stuff, an' all the other natives wondered haow they managed to find fish in plenty even when the very next islands had lean pickin's.
Then the bank defaulter remembered the picture, and suggested that it be viewed and filed for identification at police headquarters.
Alfred was himself a scholar and poet of distinction, though cursed with a certain childish irresponsibility which made him an ideal prey for Sheehan's runner.
That the danger to the town and inhabitants of Pompelo was a real one, I could not from my studies doubt.
I can recall the scene now the desolate, pitch black garret studio under the eaves with the rain beating down; the ticking of the lone clock; the fancied ticking of our watches as they rested on the dressing table; the creaking of some swaying shutter in a remote part of the house; certain distant city noises muffled by fog and space; and worst of all the deep, steady, sinister breathing of my friend on the couch a rhythmical breathing which seemed to measure moments of supernal fear and agony for his spirit as it wandered in spheres forbidden, unimagined, and hideously remote.
There were reasons why I would have been glad to let the war separate us; reasons why I found the practice of medicine and the companionship of West more and more irritating; but when he had gone to Ottawa and through a colleague's influence secured a medical commission as Major, I could not resist the imperious persuasion of one determined that I should accompany him in my usual capacity.
One disappeared in a narrow alley to the left, leaving only the echo of a shocking moan.
The disordered earth was covered with blood and human debris bespeaking too vividly the ravages of daemon teeth and talons; yet no visible trail led away from the carnage.
It is the Land of Hope, and in it shine the perfect ideals of all that we know elsewhere; or at least so men relate.
That he was right, I soon learned from the unutterable fear which engulfed me whenever consciousness lapsed.
For several hours I sat thinking or brooding in the boat, which lay upon its side and afforded a slight shade as the sun moved across the heavens.
The touch of brain fever and the dreams began early in February.
How could I have suspected the thing I was to behold?
Once a student of reanimation, this silent trunk was now gruesomely called upon to exemplify it.
I do not know just how much of the whole tale has been told even to me, and I have many reasons for not wishing to probe deeper.
They were as furtive and seldom seen as animals that live in burrows, and one could hardly imagine how they passed the time apart from their desultory fishing.
There are vocal qualities peculiar to men, and vocal qualities peculiar to beasts; and it is terrible to hear the one when the source should yield the other.
Ironic humour dragged down all the twilight minarets he reared, and the earthy fear of improbability blasted all the delicate and amazing flowers in his faery gardens.
I've seen Wilbur Whateley's diary and read some of the strange old books he used to read; and I think I know the right kind of spell to recite to make the thing fade away.
Eli Liddeason, the other servant, constantly complained of weakness; and would have returned to his father's farm in Rehoboth but for a sudden attachment for Mehitabel Pierce, who was hired to succeed Hannah.
He now refused to admit me at any time, and shunned me whenever we met on the stairs.
And when Barzai began to climb higher and beckon eagerly, it was long before Atal would follow.
But more marvellous still were the palaces and the temples, and the gardens made by Zokkar the olden king.
Like most youths, he indulged in elaborate day dreams of revenge, triumph, and final magnanimous forgiveness.
It was Greenwich, the Greenwich that used to be, with here and there a roof or row of houses as we see it now, yet with lovely green lanes and fields and bits of grassy common.
The southeastward pull still held, and only with tremendous resolution could Gilman drag himself into the old house and up the rickety stairs.
And the cities of Cathuria are cinctured with golden walls, and their pavements also are of gold.
I will tell the audient void. . . .
It was all mud an' water, an' the sky was dark, an' the rain was wipin' aout all tracks abaout as fast as could be; but beginnin' at the glen maouth, whar the trees had moved, they was still some o' them awful prints big as bar'ls like he seen Monday.
We only realised, with the blackest of apprehensions, that the apparently disembodied chatter was beyond a doubt in the Dutch language.
I dream of a day when they may rise above the billows to drag down in their reeking talons the remnants of puny, war exhausted mankind of a day when the land shall sink, and the dark ocean floor shall ascend amidst universal pandemonium.
He would sputter and fume, exploding into sesquipedalian admonitions and strange oaths, and animated by a frightful earnestness which brought a shudder to more than one drug racked mind in the crowded room.
I could not see from my side of the hotel the southward route toward Arkham which I had determined to take.
A single lightning bolt shot from the purple zenith to the altar stone, and a great tidal wave of viewless force and indescribable stench swept down from the hill to all the countryside.
Slaves' cries ascended from a scene of desolation, and no more amidst the olive grove rose the gleaming colonnades of that vast hall wherein Musides had dreamed and toiled.
All of this material I cannot hope to give, for my uncle was a tireless antiquarian and very deeply interested in the shunned house; but I may refer to several dominant points which earn notice by their recurrence through many reports from diverse sources.
From that time till his rescue on the th the man remembers little, and he does not even recall when William Briden, his companion, died.
Here, I thought, was the ideal place for a long secret colloquy; so I guided my companion down the lane and picked out spots to sit in among the mossy stones.
We began to march in the new dusk, with the thin silver sickle of a young moon trembling over the woods on our left.
Trade fallin' off, mills losin' business even the new ones an' the best of our menfolks kilt a privateerin' in the War of or lost with the Elizy brig an' the Ranger snow both of 'em Gilman venters.
At first worshipped with dark rites by the prairie dogs, who saw in it a deity sent from the upper world, it afterward fell into dire neglect as the race of simple, artless burrowers succumbed before the onslaught of the conquering Aryan.
The rattling continued, growing somewhat louder.
Unwholesome recollections of things in the Necronomicon and the Black Book welled up, and he found himself swaying to infandous rhythms said to pertain to the blackest ceremonies of the Sabbat and to have an origin outside the time and space we comprehend.
In Sona Nyl there is no pain nor death, but who can tell what lies beyond the basalt pillars of the West?
It poured thickly, like a flood of oil bursting a rotten bulkhead, overturned a chair as it spread, and finally flowed under the table and across the room to where the blackened head with the eyes still glared at me.
There was, however, something he wanted in embattled Flanders; and in order to secure it he had to assume a military exterior.
He will, I believe, some time be heard from as one of the great decadents; for he has crystallised in clay and will one day mirror in marble those nightmares and phantasies which Arthur Machen evokes in prose, and Clark Ashton Smith makes visible in verse and in painting.
You thought ultra violet was invisible, and so it is but you can see that and many other invisible things now.
Three years after the death of Kalos, Musides despatched a messenger to the Tyrant, and it was whispered in the agora at Tegea that the mighty statue was finished.
The older authorities seemed rather more helpful than the newer ones, and Armitage concluded that the code of the manuscript was one of great antiquity, no doubt handed down through a long line of mystical experimenters.
But the voice was gentle, and of a quaint olden kind, so that Olney did not shudder when a brown hand reached out to help him over the sill and into that low room of black oak wainscots and carved Tudor furnishings.
shots an' screams . . .
I cannot sleep at night now, and have to take opiates when it thunders.
Some fear had been gathering in me, perhaps because of the strangeness of my heritage, and the bleakness of the evening, and the queerness of the silence in that aged town of curious customs.
There seemed to be a void, and nothing more, and I felt a childish fear which prompted me to draw from my hip pocket the revolver I always carried after dark since the night I was held up in East Providence.
His flesh, though dry and firm, was of the quality of ice; and I almost shrank away from his pulling.
Of this Infirmity, indeed, I had known before; having heard of it from Mr. Pope, who took the Trouble to make particular Inquiries.
On the thirteenth day they reached the mountain's lonely base, and Atal spoke of his fears.
All along the hill people tell of the yellow day, when virulent and horrible fumes arose from the factory waste dumped in the Providence River, but I know how mistaken they are as to the source.
Curtis was past all coherence, and even isolated replies were almost too much for him.
That is why I continued to feel that Wilcox, somehow cognisant of the old data which my uncle had possessed, had been imposing on the veteran scientist.
Between the phantasms of nightmare and the realities of the objective world a monstrous and unthinkable relationship was crystallising, and only stupendous vigilance could avert still more direful developments.
One of the three it is not certain which shrieked aloud at what sprawled before them among disordered tables and overturned chairs.
Toward the middle of the next night he drowsed off in his chair, but soon woke out of a tangle of nightmares almost as hideous as the truths and menaces to man's existence that he had uncovered.
From Dunedin the Alert and her noisome crew had darted eagerly forth as if imperiously summoned, and on the other side of the earth poets and artists had begun to dream of a strange, dank Cyclopean city whilst a young sculptor had moulded in his sleep the form of the dreaded Cthulhu.
The engravings were indeed interesting, drawn wholly from imagination and careless descriptions, and represented negroes with white skins and Caucasian features; nor would I soon have closed the book had not an exceedingly trivial circumstance upset my tired nerves and revived my sensation of disquiet.
The crew accepted the event in a sullen fashion, but it seemed to quiet Müller; who thereafter gave us no trouble.
In the dazzling violet light of dream the old woman and the fanged, furry thing came again and with a greater distinctness than on any former occasion.
Five of the worshippers lay dead, and two severely wounded ones were carried away on improvised stretchers by their fellow prisoners.
It was in the dark of September th that the horror broke loose.
The great stone city R'lyeh, with its monoliths and sepulchres, had sunk beneath the waves; and the deep waters, full of the one primal mystery through which not even thought can pass, had cut off the spectral intercourse.
She writes under her maiden name of Eleanor Wing.
The dream narratives and cuttings collected by the professor were, of course, strong corroboration; but the rationalism of my mind and the extravagance of the whole subject led me to adopt what I thought the most sensible conclusions.
Then he would try to straighten up, and a certain fire would creep into the sunken eyes.
Fish Street was as deserted as Main, though it differed in having many brick and stone warehouses still in excellent shape.
I shudder tonight as I think of it; shudder even more than I did that morning when West muttered through his bandages, Damn it, it wasn't quite fresh enough III.
I said it at first and I say it still, and I never swerved an inch, either, when he shewed that Ghoul Feeding.
And then there came to me the crowning horror of all the unbelievable, unthinkable, almost unmentionable thing.
Besides, would not an escape from a dream loft bring him merely into a dream house an abnormal projection of the actual place he sought?
It wearied Carter to see how solemnly people tried to make earthly reality out of old myths which every step of their boasted science confuted, and this misplaced seriousness killed the attachment he might have kept for the ancient creeds had they been content to offer the sonorous rites and emotional outlets in their true guise of ethereal fantasy.
I pointed out that the barbarous Vascones were at best turbulent and uncertain, so that skirmishes with them were inevitable sooner or later whichever course we might take; that they had not in the past proved dangerous adversaries to our legions, and that it would ill become the representatives of the Roman People to suffer barbarians to interfere with a course which the justice and prestige of the Republic demanded.
Though the northward pull had not diminished, he resisted it as he had resisted the other pull, and finally found that he could almost balance the one against the other.
And there were many small shrines and temples where one might rest or pray to small gods.
That cursed, that damnable pit . . .
Had he signed the black man's book after all?
But all these precautions came late in the day, so that Gilman had some terrible hints from the dreaded Necronomicon of Abdul Alhazred, the fragmentary Book of Eibon, and the suppressed Unaussprechlichen Kulten of von Junzt to correlate with his abstract formulae on the properties of space and the linkage of dimensions known and unknown.
At three o'clock he took some lunch at a restaurant, noting meanwhile that the pull had either lessened or divided itself.
Should the Inutos attempt to gain the citadel by the narrow pass behind the peak Noton, and thereby surprise the garrison, I was to give the signal of fire which would warn the waiting soldiers and save the town from immediate disaster.
Flight was universal, and in the clamour and panic several fell in a swoon and were dragged away by their madly fleeing companions.
Local history forbade such a doubt, although no ghostly evidence was ever found by such investigators as had visited the building after some especially vivid tale of the squatters.
Joe knew about such things, for his grandmother in the old country had heard tales from her grandmother.
In appearance all were marked by a peculiar inherited dissimilarity of eyes; one generally being blue and the other brown.
In the morning Randolph was up early, and would have run off to the upper timber lot if Uncle Chris had not caught him and forced him into his chair by the breakfast table.
From those blurred and fragmentary memories we may infer much, yet prove little.
If it came before Arkham I would stop off there and so I asked the agent to tell me something about it.
When he and I obtained our degrees at the medical school of Miskatonic University, and sought to relieve our poverty by setting up as general practitioners, we took great care not to say that we chose our house because it was fairly well isolated, and as near as possible to the potter's field.
Through his puzzlement a voice piped, and he started again at its familiarity after long years.
From far shores came those white sailed argosies of old; from far Eastern shores where warm suns shine and sweet odours linger about strange gardens and gay temples.
Beyond that wall in the grey dawn he came to a land of quaint gardens and cherry trees, and when the sun rose he beheld such beauty of red and white flowers, green foliage and lawns, white paths, diamond brooks, blue lakelets, carven bridges, and red roofed pagodas, that he for a moment forgot Celephaïs in sheer delight.
For a long time they had reigned over the city together, but when they had a son all three went away.
Something made him feel that motors did not belong in the realm he was seeking, so he left his car at the edge of the forest, and putting the great key in his coat pocket walked on up the hill.
At this juncture the shutter began to rattle in a howling night wind which had sprung up outside as if in answer to the mad playing within.
On this occasion he spoke of the perils to be faced, and exhorted the men of Olathoë, bravest of the Lomarians, to sustain the traditions of their ancestors, who when forced to move southward from Zobna before the advance of the great ice sheet even as our descendants must some day flee from the land of Lomar, valiantly and victoriously swept aside the hairy, long armed, cannibal Gnophkehs that stood in their way.
The borders of the space were entirely of brick, and there seemed little doubt but that he could shortly chisel away enough to allow his body to pass.
It may have been just fear, and it may have been fear mixed with a queer belated sort of remorse for bygone crudities.
It is natural that such a thing as a dead man's scream should give horror, for it is obviously not a pleasing or ordinary occurrence; but I was used to similar experiences, hence suffered on this occasion only because of a particular circumstance.
With great diligence did men of hidden badges linger and listen about such places as Petrovitch's Bakery, the squalid Rifkin School of Modern Economics, the Circle Social Club, and the Liberty Café.
We met no one on the road, but presently began to pass deserted farms in varying stages of ruin.
Thus ran his discourse, until with the greatest suddenness he ceased.
I had known Denys Barry well in America, where he had grown rich, and had congratulated him when he bought back the old castle by the bog at sleepy Kilderry.
An' tell me why Obed was allus droppin' heavy things daown into the deep water t'other side o' the reef whar the bottom shoots daown like a cliff lower'n ye kin saound?
They met the things on the little islet with the queer ruins, an' it seems them awful picters o' frog fish monsters was supposed to be picters o' these things.
The houses of Sarnath were of glazed brick and chalcedony, each having its walled garden and crystal lakelet.
Only the din of street cars in the thoroughfare below proved a serious annoyance.
There were adequate bolts on the two lateral doors to connecting rooms, and these I proceeded to fasten.
Most interesting of all was a glancing reference to the strange jewellery vaguely associated with Innsmouth.
It was a faith of which other Esquimaux knew little, and which they mentioned only with shudders, saying that it had come down from horribly ancient aeons before ever the world was made.
Sometimes, in the throes of a nightmare when unseen powers whirl one over the roofs of strange dead cities toward the grinning chasm of Nis, it is a relief and even a delight to shriek wildly and throw oneself voluntarily along with the hideous vortex of dream doom into whatever bottomless gulf may yawn.
My nervous condition was reflected in my dreams, for I seemed to hear the cries of drowning persons, and to see dead faces pressing against the portholes of the boat.
Then came one January of fog and rain, when money ran low and drugs were hard to buy.
Birch, being by temperament phlegmatic and practical, did not shout long; but proceeded to grope about for some tools which he recalled seeing in a corner of the tomb.
It was this frightful emotional need which led us eventually to that detestable course which even in my present fear I mention with shame and timidity that hideous extremity of human outrage, the abhorred practice of grave robbing.
Mamie's visit was frankly one of curiosity, and her subsequent tales did justice to her observations; but Zechariah came to lead a pair of Alderney cows which Old Whateley had bought of his son Curtis.
This circumstance was not without effect on West, who thought often of the irony of the situation so many fresh specimens, yet none for his persecuted researches We were frightfully overworked, and the terrific mental and nervous strain made my friend brood morbidly.
Other specimens the youth had not seen, though many were rumoured to exist around Innsmouth.
But I saw the dimness was only that of contrast, and that the waves from the machine had no effect whatever.
Then, long after both he and Gilman had retired, the atrocious shrieking began.
The steps creaked, but seemed tolerably sound; and I raced down past a barn like second story to the ground floor.
My statues and ivory heads were all sold, and I had no means to purchase new materials, or energy to fashion them even had I possessed them.
The afternoon of my search brought nothing to light, and dusk came as I stood on Maple Hill looking down at the hamlet and across the valley to Tempest Mountain.
About nine at night he drifted homeward and stumbled into the ancient house.
The eyes approached, yet of the thing that bore them I could distinguish only a claw.
I hated the mocking moon, the hypocritical plain, the festering mountain, and those sinister mounds.
It imparts an impression of terrible antiquity, as though it were the remotest rather than the immediate ancestor of Greek art.
Finally a young man named Vercellius, the son of pure Roman parents, agreed to take us at least past the foothills.
To establish the artificial motion, natural life must be extinct the specimens must be very fresh, but genuinely dead.
And as the muffled thunder clattered, those eyes still stared with vacuous viciousness.
He had heard, meanwhile, of Whateley's grotesque trip to Cambridge, and of his frantic efforts to borrow or copy from the Necronomicon at the Widener Library.
The air grew perceptibly colder, more suddenly so than is usual at November's brink, and seemed stirred by terrible undulations which I could not help connecting with the beating of huge wings.
'Tis a queer book here, leave me git on my spectacles  The old man fumbled among his rags, producing a pair of dirty and amazingly antique glasses with small octagonal lenses and steel bows.
I was also sorry that I had no one with whom to converse.
A well defined shock separates my final impression of the fading scene of light from my sudden and somewhat shamefaced awakening and straightening up in my chair as I saw the dying figure on the couch move hesitantly.
Into the sunset wandered Iranon, seeking still for his native land and for men who would understand and cherish his songs and dreams.
He knew but a few words of English, while I found my Oxonian Spanish was something quite different from the patois of the peon of New Spain.
The horror would appear to pop out of the rat hole in the corner and patter toward him over the sagging, wide planked floor with evil expectancy in its tiny, bearded human face but mercifully, this dream always melted away before the object got close enough to nuzzle him.
You needn't think I'm crazy, Eliot plenty of others have queerer prejudices than this.
It was perhaps an effect of such surroundings that my mind early acquired a shade of melancholy.
Men whose eyes were wild with fear shrieked aloud of the sight within the king's banquet hall, where through the windows were seen no longer the forms of Nargis Hei and his nobles and slaves, but a horde of indescribable green voiceless things with bulging eyes, pouting, flabby lips, and curious ears; things which danced horribly, bearing in their paws golden platters set with rubies and diamonds containing uncouth flames.
Then suddenly I saw it.
He seemed to know what was coming the monstrous burst of Walpurgis rhythm in whose cosmic timbre would be concentrated all the primal, ultimate space time seethings which lie behind the massed spheres of matter and sometimes break forth in measured reverberations that penetrate faintly to every layer of entity and give hideous significance throughout the worlds to certain dreaded periods.
The doctor, though, was chiefly disturbed by the chattering night birds outside; a seemingly limitless legion of whippoorwills that cried their endless message in repetitions timed diabolically to the wheezing gasps of the dying man.
As I swung the beam around to the south, I noticed that the ocean floor ahead fell away in a marked declivity, and bore curiously regular blocks of stone in certain places, disposed as if in accordance with definite patterns.
As soon as Dombrowski left it the pall of its final desolation began to descend, for people shunned it both on account of its old reputation and because of the new foetid odour.
I was an only child, and the lack of companionship which this fact entailed upon me was augmented by the strange care exercised by my aged guardian in excluding me from the society of the peasant children whose abodes were scattered here and there upon the plains that surround the base of the hill.
Soon cross streets and junctions began to appear; those on the left leading to shoreward realms of unpaved squalor and decay, while those on the right shewed vistas of departed grandeur.
And so far as he could tell, it was a rough parallel in all essential features of the bestial thing now lying before the meeting.
For the gentle and noble features were those of his own mother.
His age was perhaps thirty five, but the odd, deep creases in the sides of his neck made him seem older when one did not study his dull, expressionless face.
He lived with one manservant in a Georgian homestead with knocker and iron railed steps, balanced eerily on a steep ascent of North Court Street beside the ancient brick court and colony house where his grandfather a cousin of that celebrated privateersman, Capt.
The town and country folk scarcely dared speak aloud, and the men of Libo's entourage, who had been there nearly a week, seemed to have caught something of the nameless dread.
It was dismal sitting there on rickety boxes in the pitchy darkness, but we smoked pipes and occasionally flashed our pocket lamps about.
Our narrow course began to climb steeply, and I felt a singular sense of disquiet in looking at the lonely crest ahead where the rutted roadway met the sky.
The other manuscript papers were all brief notes, some of them accounts of the queer dreams of different persons, some of them citations from theosophical books and magazines notably W. Scott Elliot's Atlantis and the Lost Lemuria, and the rest comments on long surviving secret societies and hidden cults, with references to passages in such mythological and anthropological source books as Frazer's Golden Bough and Miss Murray's Witch Cult in Western Europe.
Eventually Jermyn asked and obtained permission to train the animal, astonishing audiences and fellow performers alike with his success.
My head, heavy and reeling, drooped to my breast, and when next I looked up it was in a dream; with the Pole Star grinning at me through a window from over the horrible swaying trees of a dream swamp.
It was produced by a very simple though somewhat unusual happening.
We have no business calling in such things from outside, and only very wicked people and very wicked cults ever try to.
It's invisible I knew it would be but there's a powder in this long distance sprayer that might make it shew up for a second.
Very simple were the things of which they read and spoke, yet things which gave them courage and goodness and helped them by day to subdue the forest and till the fields.
In Sir Robert married a daughter of the seventh Viscount Brightholme and was subsequently blessed with three children, the eldest and youngest of whom were never publicly seen on account of deformities in mind and body.
Evil habits, dating from a first drink taken years before in woodland seclusion, made themselves manifest in the young professor; and only by a hurried resignation did he escape a nasty prosecution for injury to the habits and morals of the pupils under his charge.
He always remained lame, for the great tendons had been severed; but I think the greatest lameness was in his soul.
God knows how many there were there must have been thousands.
If you'll keep cool, and accept the need for making certain radical readjustments in your life, you can keep right on enjoying the world, and the fruits of your scholarship.
This chamber he lined with tall, firm shelving; along which he began gradually to arrange, in apparently careful order, all the rotting ancient books and parts of books which during his own day had been heaped promiscuously in odd corners of the various rooms.
These folk say that on a table in a bare room on the ground floor are many peculiar bottles, in each a small piece of lead suspended pendulum wise from a string.
For the moment his recollections were hopelessly hazy, but he knew at least that he must have been sleep walking.
Our compasses, depth gauges, and other delicate instruments were ruined; so that henceforth our only reckoning would be guesswork, based on our watches, the calendar, and our apparent drift as judged by any objects we might spy through the portholes or from the conning tower.
The fanged, furry thing began tittering a continuation of the unknown ritual, while the witch croaked loathsome responses.
Then the doctor came with his medicine case and asked crisp questions, and removed the patient's outer clothing, shoes, and socks.
When I suggested other physicians, the sufferer would fly into as much of a rage as he seemed to dare to entertain.
I went to the war, an' ef I'd a had any guts or sense I'd a never come back, but settled away from here.
Good old rye, an' as fiery as ya kin find anyw'eres in Chi'.
I myself would have thought of biological degeneration rather than alienage.
He had slowly tried to perfect a solution which, injected into the veins of the newly deceased, would restore life; a labour demanding an abundance of fresh corpses and therefore involving the most unnatural actions.
Others thought and still think he'd found an old pirate cache out on Devil Reef.
I was not alone, for foolhardiness was not then mixed with that love of the grotesque and the terrible which has made my career a series of quests for strange horrors in literature and in life.
As consciousness departed he heard the faint, shrill tittering of the fanged, rat like abnormality.
I could not sleep Saturday night, and turned on the lights regardless of the future.
It was here that he first came into conflict with the college authorities, and was debarred from future experiments by no less a dignitary than the dean of the medical school himself the learned and benevolent Dr. Allan Halsey, whose work in behalf of the stricken is recalled by every old resident of Arkham.
Arter I got the book off Eb I uster look at it a lot, especial when I'd heerd Passon Clark rant o' Sundays in his big wig.
