vign8s
The steam escaped the room as the door opened.Susan stepped out of her shower and headed downstairs with her torso and her head wrapped in a towel.As she stepped down, she put her hand on her chest feeling a strange presence in the living room.She went to turn the lights on but they werent working.Hello Susan, dont worry Im not here to hurt you, as a matter of fact, Im here to help you through this process. I calmly said to her.Susan let out a scream  Get out of my house!Who are you and what are you doing here? Susan put her hands across her chest to try to cover herself up but realized that she was now fully clothed.What happened?What are you here to help with she asked.Sorry for startling you, I too never get used to this moment no matter how many times I have witnessed it myself. I try to reassure her but I know the process and I know the steps we are about to go through.Millions and millions of times with very little variation.Wait are you death?Have you come to take me or to tell me how I will die?Was it the tumor?No, thats crazy, I cant be dead, I was in remission, I made sure I had the best doctors that cant be it.Youre here to warn me you must be an angel thats why you're here to help me.What do I need to change in my life to make sure... I could tell Susan was frantically trying to make sense of her death.Im not here to warn you, Susan, Im here to guide you to your next state of existence.It wasnt the tumor you just slipped coming out of the shower.Im really sorry but-

Slipped, are you joking?You are saying that is how I died?I slipped?No, I cant die I have to many things to do.Look, its almost six I have to pick up my kids from school their dad is out of town for a work trip and we are meeting him for a vacation in two days.I cant just be dead with no warning thats not how my life works! she said.No, Susan, but that is how death works I calmly tell her Susan, I know you must be scared right now, I know that this is very hard to understand but thats why Im here

Susan began to pace in the room and breath very heavily  no, no, no, no, no, fuck you!Stop talking to me like Im an idiot!Do you see those bags? she said as she pointed to her luggage.That is for my kids we are going on a much-needed vacation!I promised them we would go on vacation this year, they deserve a family vacation and you cant take that away from them! She attempted to grab the handle of one of the luggage but realized that she could no longer grasp material things.What is this? She shouted  what are you doing to me?What have you done?You cant do this to me. 

I again calmly talk to her  I have no power over any of this Susan, Im not an Angel, Im not Death, Im just here because I know how scary and alone this moment is for you. 

She sat down across from me with her shoulders slumped and her head down and asked so youre not Death?Can you talk to Death for me, can you tell Death that Im not ready to go, that if I can have just 10 more years, or I will settle for 5 years, just please I never got to do so many things.Let me please pick up my kids from school just please or let me make a phone call to their uncle to pick them up. 

I sit up, walk towards her and sit next to her and ask her  can I put my hand on your shoulder? She quietly sobs and nods her head while I rest my hand on her shoulder and try my best to comfort her  Susan, I would love nothing more than to have the ability to give you any amount of time in your previous state of existence but I cant. 

Weeping she says you cant convince Death or whoever to just grant me a few more minutes? 

As I squeeze her shoulder I tell her  I cant.Death is not an entity it is a phenomenon that we all experience. 

Easy for you to say, she says, You must be an angel or something.You dont know what Im going through.I will never hear the voices of my children...I will never touch my husbands face...I will never walk into this home and see my family waiting for me. She continued as her body began to slump further and further  what will happen to my parents, I can never embrace my mom...I will never meet my grandchildren... what will happen to my family?I slumped my body just a little so that I could talk to her better  Youre right, Susan, I dont know what *youre* going through, see I died millions of years ago.Poisonous berries.I woke up to loneliness, to a coldness, to a darkness that consumed me than I lied down and cried.After what felt like forever I accepted my fate closed my eyes and all of that was gone.I reached the next level of existence but when I arrived I begged to go back when I was told there was no going back, I asked to stay in this in-between existence, because I still remember the fear, the anger, the loneliness that I felt and all I wanted was for someone to reach out and tell me it would be ok. Thats why Im here, you will be ok, Susan. I paused and fought the knot in my throat.As for your family, they will miss you, they will mourn you and they will honor your their whole life.Your mom will give you a kiss on the forehead and wish her Suzie a farewell at your funeral, when your husband smells the heavy honey-scented Lilly he will get teary-eyed and smile in your memory, your kids will tell their kids about how amazing their grandma was.

As I finished her teary face looked up and said: My grandkids will know me?  

I nodded and smiled they will and they will love you as much as you love them 

She grabbed my hand and reluctantly said: and what happens next?

Smiling I said Great, your aunt Jasmine has been waiting to meet you

My aunt Jasmine?She died before I was born? she said.I looked at her nodded and smiled She has the best stories about your mom.Now close your eyes when you open them you will be in a different place 

A static TV sound and flatline could be heard in the room.Mark got out of the hospital bed, he was fully clothed and could feel a strange presence in the room.Hello Mark, dont worry Im not here to hurt you, as a matter of fact, Im here to help you through this process.