MunkeyFish
Is this it?

Yes, beyond this veil lies your fate.Your eternity.

Am I going to Heaven?

I do not know, it is not my business to know.My only duty is to guide you here, you must take the final step yourself.

Im scared.I dont want to go to Hell, Ive not lead a perfect life but Im a good man!

Calm yourself.I do not know what lies beyond your personal veil, but I do know the rules are not as strict as that tattered old tome would have you believe.

How do you know?Did you go to Heaven?....Were you human once?

.....I was.But I did not achieve Ascendance or Damnation.

Then what happened?Why are you like this?Why are you here now?

The path we have just travelled may not have seemed like a far distance to you now but time does not flow the same here, in actuality two cycles of the Sun have occurred. 

What??Two years?!

Indeed, and that is with me guiding you.When it was my time there was no Reaper, there was no guide.By the time I reached my veil my soul was tattered, warped, corrupted.This is what this path does to a soul when it does not reach its destination in time, it pulls and claws at it in both directions to the point it cannot enter either the Silver or the Crimson City.This is what happened to me, I finally found my veil but could not enter.Heaven had denied me but Hell found me unworthy, so I have wandered this plane ever since.I was condemned to this limbo, to Purgatory.Most people fear the Pit but they forget that they wont face the fires alone, Damnation is easier than eternal solitude.My god, Im sorry.I dont know what to say.

There is no need for words, I need not your pity.I accepted my fate but I bent it to my will, that is why I do what I do, so others do not share my fate.As long as I am here, this desolate place will remain desolate.Go now child, there are others who require my aid.

Thank you, truly, thank you.Goodbye Reaper...Is there not a better name by which to call you?

You will never see me again child, so my name is not needed.Go now.

.........

Back again?

Again.And Ill be back again the next time, you can stop this now.You need not keep yourself in exile anymore.

If I leave here there will only be another to take my place, none will face this place ever again.

You would refuse me?Us?Your father and I miss you, your brother misses you.Your favour to me has changed him, he wishes to see you.

.....Id rather face the solitude.Goodbye Mother.

...Goodbye, Abel.