emergingsea
Bond stared out at the curvature of the horizon.He would have to thank Musk for making the space suit functional, his final moments would pass in blissful contentment.Bonds death would be of little consequence, he reasoned.The data proving Musks nefarious intentions was already on a drone reprogramed to fly to the SIS Building.He was sure Q would be able to make sense of it all and blow the conspiracy wide open.So Bond just sat, enjoying the overview effect so often discussed by astronauts.A blinking red light caught his attention.Not on the car or the blue orb before him, but out in the black, slowly drifting towards him.He watched as the red light became a beacon, the small jumble of electronics and solar panelling became gargantuan.He stared at it absently, until he noticed the short bursts of liquid fuel coming from the satellite.This was not a chance encounter, the craft was coming towards him on purpose.Bond fumbled with the seatbelt.He had been unconscious for the trip into orbit, Mr. Musk had not seen it necessary to make the restraints difficult to remove.He unclipped the last restraint then had to lunge for the strap again as he immediately began to float out of the car.Grasping his lifeline, he shifted his focus back towards the satellite.It had synchronized its orbit with the car and now seemed to hover just above him.James wondered if Musks lust for revenge was so great that he might want a front row seat for his eventual asphyxiation, but now that the probe was stationary, Bond noticed the red light was not merely blinking; it was following a pattern..... ..-../ - --- / .... ..-...--.--..-- / .--- .- -- .... / -....- --.-

You cheeky devil! Bond exclaimed, letting go of his hold for a second.He immediately regretted the outburst, barely just getting a hold of the windshield before he floated into the ether.He looked back towards the light, the pattern had changed..- ..- -.. .. --- / --- -./ -... .- -.-.-.- .-.-.- / -.-- ..-.. .-.. --- .-- / .--..- -...-..Bond steeled himself.He looked at the twenty meters between the car and the satellite, it might as well have been miles.He looked at the car.Cherry red, black interior.It was beautiful, he supposed; but it was no Aston Martin.He pushed off.He may have overdone it a bit.He immediately saw that he was moving quite quickly towards the MI6 spy satellite.He quickly gauged his point of contact and looked for hand holds.A few antennas and latches seemed promising, hed have to put his faith in an evil geniuss suit design and his own strength.His knee hit first, slamming hard into a solar panel, cracking it.His hand found a rung of an engineering ladder, he slipped his arm into it to the wrist, not trusting his grip.He bounced back hard, his right arm the only point of contact to the satellite, but he held.Slowly drifting back towards his new ship, he took one last look at his roadster.A testament to human engineering floating  lazily in front of the vastness of the Earth.He pitied the loss of such a great mind, wondering why such potential sometimes came with such a lust for control and destruction.He shook of his reverie and began climbing, hand over hand, towards the back of the back of his ride.The panel was easy to find, marked with yellow and black stripes, it read, INTERNAL DIAGNOSTIC FEED, in bold letters.Again, Bond thanked the man who ultimately put him in this mess for his excellent design as his gloved fingers easily maneuvered the panel open.Inside, a cord slowly billowed out of the panel.On one end, it plugged into the satellite.The other was a standard 3.5mm jack ready to go into any audio equipment from the past forty years.Cant beat simplicity, I guess. Bond mused.He had a brief moment of panic wondering where hed be able to plug the cord in.In his flailing, he noticed the systems panel on his right wrist, complete with audio jack port.These space guys really knew their stuff, he thought.James plugged the cord in.Bond.MI6 to James Bond, copy.Speak as normal.MI6 to James Bond.Speak as Normal.

MI6 this is Bond.  There was a pause, then cheers.The voice was Qs, but he must have been in some sort of mission control room.Hello Mr.Bond!How are you doing up there? The cheers were being muffled, Qs voice was shaky.A little lightheaded, but alright other than that.Had a bit of car trouble, might need a jump.

Excellent to hear.Weve got what you need, we hope.Three feet to the left of the panel is a safety strap, we need you to click in and confirm.  James looked to the left and saw nothing, he looked all around until he found a panel about three feet up.The harness was equally easy to deploy, he found a loop on his suit and attached himself to the satellite.I am secured.Quick note, perspective is a little strange up here, left and right might not due.

Understood.Hold on tight, youve got a date with a resupply shuttle.  As Bond tried to wrap his head around what Q said, the strap went tight.James would have expected some warning, some noise, to let him know that they had fired thrusters; but of course, this was space, the liquid fuel merely made a slight cloud and moved the satellite onto a new trajectory.He was headed towards some supply shuttle they had on an intercept course.Qhow?

We received your little package.US forces are already moving to intercept Musk.We werent sure where you were, but we knew that you wouldnt send a drone with that sort of material unless you couldnt get out yourself.I went to school with Elon, he always was a showman.I figured he wouldnt miss an opportunity to make a grand show of getting rid of the biggest thorn in his side.I knew youd be on that rocket and when I saw the car

And the satellite?

That was easy, all these EUSA types seem to think driving a satellite is business, but I play video games with my son every night, he couldve gotten to you in half the time.

Well get him on payroll then, Im getting queasy.

Right away, sir.

Q, what about Margarita?

Ms.Meyer has been taken into custody, James.But shes safe.You really know how to pick them.

Thank you Q.

Well get you back floating in tin can shortly, Mr Bond.

James turned back towards the Earth, intent on enjoying the ride.