Sir-Tiedye
It just occurred to me that the universe started with a bang and I would end with a bang.*BANG*

There was a sharp pain in my right temple, but it went as soon as it came.I opened my eyes and released a breath I didnt know I was holding, Oh thank god, it didnt work, what was I thinking?

I havent always had depression, it really only started in senior year.At first I thought it was just a weird occurrence, I dont know.Then I began to realize that the emptiness and loneliness only getting worse, and eventually I lost hope.Yes it did I heard from the corner of the room.Renewed with the will to live, I whipped around to the corner with my gun and in doing so, realized that I had no gun, but what I saw in the corner made me realize I wouldnt need it anyway.There was a figure there that I could only describe as the grim reaper.There was a solid black cloak that seemed to flow from where it was attached to the body at the neck and became smoke as it reached the end of the fabric which billowed into nothingness.Except there wasnt a body, there was just a black void.I had no way of knowing that it was a void, I just instinctively knew, like you would instinctively know that one plus one equals two.The entity saw that I was frozen in shock and decided to speak again, It worked, youre dead. 

I turned around and saw my body lying on the floor, a bullet wound in my head, and the gun a few feet away.I could only really manage to say oh before turning back to the shadow in the corner.Have you come to take my soul?

No, it replied your soul is the one thing that nobody can take from you.Its what you are, its who you are.

Are you the grim reaper? I asked

Well yes, but actually no.Many people call me that but I am simply here to accompany you to your after-life.

Ok, ok, hold on. I said, trying to process what happened.It was about then that I realized that my vision was getting blurry, and I was beginning to feel lightheaded and dizzy.Seeing the fear in my eyes, the shadow said, you should start to feel dizzy and lightheaded, and your vision should start to get pretty blurry, thats you trav-

All senses were gone.There was nothing.There was no time, no universe, no existence, no reality.There was only me, and I began to panic.I jumped up screaming, eyes wide in terror.I looked around, and seeing no danger, I began to calm down.Or at least I would have if the world had no color.Everything was just black and white, the rocks, the mountain, the stream, the sand.I looked down at myself and realized I look exactly the same, except me and everything on me was a different shade of grey.Suddenly I heard what sounded like sheets or a flag unfolding in the wind.I looked over to see the black creature materialize in front of me.This is your afterlife, it said, I cannot guide you, but I can accompany you from here.

Where do I go? I asked?I dont know your path, it said, only you know what feels right.

Having no clue what that meant, I replied oh ok, thanks. And started walking in a random direction.It didnt feel right, but then again, nothing did, and nothing felt wrong either.I sensed the hooded figure to my right.Trying to fill in the awkward silence, I asked if it liked jokes.It replied yes but said that he had heard them all.I took that as a challenge.I tried every joke possible, and for hours I couldnt make it laugh for the life of me, or lack there of.Puns werent doing the trick, so I went to darker and darker places until I finally struck gold.It turns out, all I had to do was recreate a vine, who knew?Eventually after what felt like years, we came to a tree with a cave at the base of the tree.I dont know how to explain the cave, it both existed, yet couldnt exist.Its existence violated the rules of nature, yet here it was.This is your afterlife, the entity said, experience it and you will be reincarnated and live again.

Thank you for being by my side. I said.But if you dont mind my asking, what are you?Im sorry if its rude to ask but the question has been bugging me for a really long time.

I am a dead human, the first dead human.

Ummm what? I asked, could you explain?Please?

I was alive, eons ago.Scientifically the hunter gatherer time.According to the Bible, my name is Adam, but we never had names when I was alive.I dont remember how I died, but I will never forget what happened after.I came to this world that we are currently in, and wondered for what felt like forever.Eventually I found my afterlife, but refused to live it.For even more eternities, Ive wandered until I began talking to myself and uttered a spell that brought me back to another soul.

Why? I asked.Because I was so lonely that I wanted to die, I gave up hope and the nothing and emptiness around us was unbearable to me.It was worse than torture, and I knew I couldnt let another soul go through that same thing.Now Ive wasted enough time telling you my story so could you just go into the cave?

For a solid minute, I stood there motionless before quietly asking, Whats the spell?

Youre dead, Said Adam, the spell wont bring you back to life, just go through.

I dont want to come back to life, I replied.I killed myself for a reason, what I felt is probably about as bad as what you felt alone here, and like you said, its worse than torture.I couldnt live like this, so now all I can do is stop others from dying like this.Tell me the spell.

Now he stood there for a solid minute, completely still apart from his billowing cloak.Finally he told me the spell, and I got to work.