BLT_WITH_RANCH
Gday, Im Steve Irwin.Today on Hell Hunters were searching for the rare and mysterious *Hellhound*, Steve said.He walked along the cracked fields of broken rock, stepping gently with his tan boots, threadbare cargo shorts and low-cut olive tee.He stopped abruptly at a ridge, then held a hand out towards the angelic camera crew, beckoning them forward.Now, a lot of folks think that the hellhound is a big scary beast.Thats all false.Theyre just a bit misunderstood, he said.He pointed towards a burning field, lowering his voice to a whisper.That right there is a mother hellhound with her pups.

The angelic camera crew shuffled forward on the bluff, zooming in for the best possible view.On the fields, the mother hellhound ran in circles.Seven balls of flaming floof ran after her.When most people think hellhounds, they thinkdanger!Danger!Danger!But thats not true at all.In fact, these  are some of the most intelligent creatures on the fiery plains!

He jumped down from the bluff.The angels started in protest, but they had learned long ago not to question Steve.Instead they shuffled their wings uneasily and watched the commotion.Steve moved forward.His footsteps clattered over the rocks, and the mother hellhound swiveled her head, staring him down intently.Check this out.When I approach, the mother hellhound is going to raise her fiery hackles in defensethe hellhound growled, flames spitting around herRight now she sees me as a threat to her pups, so this defensive technique is normal.What Im gonna do is make myself small.

He hunched over in the fetal position.The hellhound growled, but her tail began to wag.The pups huddled around their mother, then slowly started forward.Aww now, there we go, easy now,he reached into his jacket pocketthe pups just want to play, they havent learned the difference between friend or foe.Now this is a critical moment.

He pulled out a small chew toy.Check this out!Now watch.

He held out the bone.One cautious pup started forward and sniffed it.The mother hellhound moved forward, inches away from Steve, the bearer of death incarnate.Flames scored her pitch black fur, her fangs white with fury, hackles raised with spines of white fire.Then the mother bent down, snatched the bone from Steves hands, and walked away.The pups followed her, but not before one of them climbed up to Steve and licked his face.Now look at that.Aint she a Beaut?A lot of people think that hellhounds are evil ugly monsters, but thats not true at all.You just saw it for yourself.

He walked back towards the camera, and the angels set up a fantastic shot of him sitting on the bluff, overlooking the fields, with some really terrific lighting.Steve sobered for this portion of the show.Now the terrible thing about these creatures is that, more and more theyre being driven to the brink of extinction.With the cooling of the Sulphur pits, their natural habitat is being destroyed, and its a shame that in my grandkids lifetime we may never be able to see these magnificent creatures again, he said.He shuffled a bit, pointing out towards the fields where the hellhounds ran free.In the post-production room, Steve imagined they would do a slow zoom towards the happy hellhound family.The audience would watch them toss around the chew toy like it was the happiest moment of their lives.Maybe he could touch the hearts of a few lost souls and show all the amazing creatures from the depths of hell.For his eternity, that would be enough to turn any hell to heaven.&#x200B;
***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH
##########
What does an alien dream of?When it has a good dream; does it smile, with its ten mouths, or its sharp beak?When it turns in bed, does it use arms, or a tail?Does it ooze to the side, letting the brown goo cool while the green goo rests on the pillow?When it shivers, do chills run down a spine, or through a system of tentacles?To these questions, there are an infinite number of answers.But for one question, there is a single answerWhen its afraid; what does it fear?It fears the hunter.The hunter is a bipedal, clumsy creature.Its not particularly strong; it can lift a stone of around fifty kilograms.Its not particularly bright, for a sentient species, although it is highly intuitive and emotional.It cannot see in the dark, it cannot hold its breath for longer than 300 seconds, and it cannot hear sound past one-hundred-thousand hertz.The hunter has one advantage over all other forms of life, a unique traitpersistence.Imagine seeing the eyes of the hunter in the nearby forest.You flee, much faster than the gangly beast.You stop to rest, only to have it appear *again* in the forest.It stares at you with cold, calculating eyes, smiling as you flee in terror.The hunter will follow you, unrelenting, until you collapse from exhaustion; only then will it kill you.The hunter is capable of self-regeneration when injured.Like other sentient life, it has developed the ability to extract natural resources from any environment it is placed in.It has developed complex working societies, like the other races.The hunter is not so different from you or I, except the hunter has developed the most gruesome method of killingpersistence breeding.The method is as simple as it is terrifyingbreed until there is no other form of sentient life in the universe.Like a leech, they consumed the most valuable resource in the universe; souls.Every newborn hunter requires a soul.Souls cannot be created or destroyed, merely transferred from one form to another, so when a hunter is born, another soul is taken.Before the hunters, every new soul drew from the well of souls.This well, an abstract dimension, is full of billions of tangible soulsthe great storage chest of life in the universe.For millennia, this well remained balanced.Each soul taken from the well was replaced in kind.The depth of the well ebbed and flowed with the rise and fall of civilizations; years of war increased the well, years of prosperity reduced it, but all was balanced in time.Then came the hunters, and in a span of five hundred years the well was completely dry.First, we tried eradicating the hunters with disease; but they developed immunity.Then we influenced them to destroy one anothertwiceto no avail.We encouraged them to irradiate one another, but their conscience grew; they stayed their hand.We sought to destroy the very world they live on, but now they move towards the stars; persistence incarnate.We lie awake at night, staring at the ceiling, or the stars, or the hive.When we sleep, our dreams are wrought with fear.At any given moment we could wink out of existence, slain by the perfect hunterthe reaper of souls.Like the hunting method of old, they will come for us.We can run to the very edge of the galaxy, but they will find us.Slowly, unfaltering, they will continue to breed and endure, until there is nothing left in our universe but their race.The huntersor so we call themThe Great Filter.***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH
##########
The angelic choir chanted in perfect harmony, *Ecce homo qui est faba,* and in the beam of cleansing light he descended.With the thunderous voices radiating divine glory the lamb rose, a man among men.Except there was a problem.He was a few years to early.The man proclaimed himself Mr. Bean in an effort to remain clandestine.He could just summon the other four, but they were a bit of sticklers for tradition, and he didnt want to mess around with the man upstairs.Waiting was fine, he supposed.What to do with his spare time?How much spare time did he really have?He could have sworn the memo said November 5th, 1990.He needed to do an accounting of the numbersa full accountwith all the scriptures at hand.Can I help you sir? The Jeweler said, staring at the strange man in front of him.Mr. Bean hunched over, staring at the timepieces.Sir?Can I help you?  

Mr. Bean looked up, adjusting his red tie.Mmmm, yes. 

Is there something I can take out for you?

Mr. Bean pointed towards a calculator watch.Bingo!

The accounting was done; he arrived thirty year too early.So he spent the next thirty years looking at pigeons, spreading butter all over his sandwiches, and trying his dandiest to fit in with the rest of the world.This was a bit difficult at times.Eventually, with the crack of thunder and another sounding of angels, the others arrived on horseback, bathed in power and majesty.Goodness me.Has it been thirty years already? Mr. Bean said.Death and Famine shot nervous glances at eachother.War giggled.It had been the best thirty years of their existence.Pestilence finally spoke up.Um yeah.Yes it has been thirty years, funny thing that mix-up.Can you open the scrolls now?Mr. Bean wrung his hands in delight and drew a katana from his belt.Oh! 

War sighed, and his disappointment caused the nearest tavern to break out into an unruly mob.Ok, well, anyway, here we go.

He drew a scroll from his white robe and presented it to the all-powerful Mr. Bean, who clutched it with glee.He made a strange noise with his tongue, waving the scroll overhead like he was trying to flag down a taxi.Then, to the utter astonishment of the other four, he took the katana and sliced the scroll in two.Youve got to be kidding me, Death said.Does anyone know how to fix this?Can we just get the big G to make another scroll? Pestilence added, surrounded by thousands of flies.Ive got it! Mr. Bean said.He grabbed a big package of duct tape and began to hastily tape the scroll back together.In a matter of minutes, his masterpiece was complete.He managed to tape his eyebrows together, his left hand was taped to his right knee, and the scroll was now cut into four irregular shaped pieces.Oh, come on! War said, and used his red sword to cut Mr. bean free.Mr. Bean started crawling on the ground.He wanted to be a pretty caterpillar, and he was going to do just that.Can we just end the world without him? Famine suggested.Upon hearing this, Mr. Bean had a moment of clarity.Come and see!

In a second, the five were transported to Disneyworld.Mr. Bean immediately ran towards Mickey and embraced him.People around screamed and ran from the startling appearance of the other four, leaving Aloha Isle unoccupied.Famine sighed.Well, at least we have Dole Whip.

***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH
##########
Captain James Hook sat in the legion barracks, running a Kouzoln cigar between his fingers.The cigar had been sitting in his chest for over two years; he was saving it for his daughters wedding, if that day ever came, but after what he saw today, he needed the relief.He took the nearby oil lamp, lit the tip of the cigar, and sat back in the wooden armchair, letting the rich tobacco dull his senses.They called him the Master of Shadows, the mysterious figure Hook had been hunting for years.They said he was a powerful wizard, who could alter the minds of his servants.They said he ran a gang of the most notorious criminals, deadbeats, and lowlifes.They said he had eyes and ears throughout Ketema, in every corner of society.The truth was much worse than the rumors.Earlier that day, the legion had received a confidential tip.They knew where the Master of Shadows would be, and at what time.Hook had moved quickly on the information

Swords at the ready, James whispered, motioning to his guards.Carefully the guards surrounded the old, abandoned home.Its stone walls were cracked and broken, the wooden roof sagged inwards, and weeds grew untamed around the sides of the home.James crept towards the entrance.Acolyte Stefan walked beside him, wand at the ready.James ran full-force into the door.His shoulder easily knocked the decrepit, wooden door off its hinges.James rolled to the ground.Stefan cast a spella blinding flash of light.The guards converged on the home, smashing through the windows.In the center of the home was a man, dressed in green robe; he was kneeling besides a woman.James rolled to his feet, extending his sword towards the throat of the man.Ive got you, *Master of Shadows*.Surrender now.

You've got me, but would you really like to carry me off to prison, and leave this poor young woman to die? The man replied.*No.It cant be.*

What did you do to her? James roared.His daughter, Wendy, lay unconscious on the stone floor.The master of shadows sat back and laughed, throwing his hands in the air.Oh captain, my captain.You think I did anything to poor Wendy?Want to know my secretThey ask for this.They beg me for this. He grinned.Youre a monster, James said shaking.Stefan made a quick decision and cast a binding spell at the Master of Shadows.Purples ropes of magic wrapped around his arms and legs, and he toppled to the ground.Poor peter, helpless peter, said the Master of Shadows, crying.Big adults ruin all the fun.

PeterTell me what you did to her, or I swear Ill cut your throat, James said.Even betterIll show you. Peter said.Welcome to neverland.

Four of the six guards dropped their swords, shaking.Stefans eyes rolled back in his head, and he collapsed.The spell around Peter dissipated, and Wendys eyes opened.Two guards remained unaffected, they drew their swords and moved on Peter.Kill them, Peter giggled.The four guards tackled the other two and began beating them with their fists.James snarled and lunged for peter, but he drew a dagger and grabbed Wendy, pressing the dagger against her throat.Not so fast, Captain Hook, Peter said.What did you do? James shouted.I call it pixie dust.All the good children come and try the magic dust, and I take them to neverland, Peter cackled, waving the knife in front of him.The four guards rose, covered in blood, their expressions blank.Stefan rose from his comatose state, picked up the wand, and aimed it at James.You set me up, James said.You wanted me to come here,

Youve stepped on my toes too many times, now I step on your little toes. Peter said.Remember, if you want Wendy to live, youll leave me alone.

This is why they call you the master of shadowseveryone is your slave. James said with realization.Only the ones who come to me as children! Peter cackled with excitement.Now sleep, old men need their sleep.

Stefan held the wand against Captain Hooks head, murmured a spell, and everything went blank.&#x200B;

James woke hours later, in the abandoned building.Wendy lay next to him.Darling, are you alright? James said, rushing over to his daughter.He shook her, and she slowly opened her eyes.Papa, what happened? Wendy said.She rubbed her eyes, and little bits of white sand fell from them.What do you remember? James said, embracing his daughter.I remember dreaminga scary man was chasing me, but then a nice man came to rescue me.He said his name was Peter Pan, and he could take me to neverland, where we could fly forever.Daddy, is Peter Pan real?

James closed his eyes.They were full of rage and tears.No honey.Hes just a shadow.

The Master of Shadows.