reddbadger
She squealed with delight.I squealed in horror.I had to rub my eyes and slap myself in order to confirm that what I was seeing was actually real.Was it?With red eyes and a red face I looked again.Still there.I ran into the house to drench myself in cold water, as I still couldn't believe what I was seeing.I turned on the kitchen sink and peered out the window to take another look.It was still there, black as night, eyes red as a ginger in the sun.It was breathing strongly, with each exhale releasing a small tuft of hellfire and smoke from its flaring nostrils.Mabel had done some crazy things before, as all children do, but this one took the devils cake.Mabel?MABEL!She was still out there with that beast, and moving closer to it by the second!I raced back outside to see the creature resting on its knees, allowing Mabel to pet its pitch black snout.Mabel!Get away from that thing! I shouted.The creature looked me dead in the eye and snorted.Hes being silly, Daddy, Mabel laughed.Yeshe's a silly boy.Let's not make any sudden movements,'' I winced as I inched closer to the pair.''Come back over here, Mabel.Reach out and grab my hand now.''Dont worry Daddy.I'll take good care of him.

Oklet's notget ahead of ourselves.

Inch by inch.Almost there

Suddenly, the beast stood up on its hind legs with Mabels arms still wrapped around its neck.I leapt back, startled, as the beast put its hoof underneath the straps of Mabels overalls and placed her on its back.I now claim this child for the realm of Baphomet! the beast declared.My jaw dropped and I froze.The beast crouched down, spread its wings and leapt into the air.Mabel! I shouted.Its wings beat down hard and it ascended higher and higher into the sky.Wheeee! Mabel screamed with glee.Bye-bye daddyyyyyy!

Mabel! was all I could say, as the beast carried my daughter further and further away from me.Mabel!!!

The beast let out a mighty neigh and with that, they were gone.I stood there, helpless, staring into the sky.What the hell just happened?Well, that's the damnedest thing I ever saw!''It was my neighbor, Bill, leaning over the fence that separated our yards.I've seen some nasty stallions in my time, and I reckon that one right there was up there with the worst of em.Real shame how those horse girls get carried away sometimes, he muttered as he walked away.I fell to my knees.My little girl was gone.I tried to think.I could call the police.No, they'd never believe me.I could notify the Air Force.Riiiiight.Be on the lookout for a small child riding on the back of a flying, fire-breathing pony.I looked at the spot where they had taken off from and something caught my eye.It looked like a card lying on the ground inside one of the indents caused by the creatures hooves.I stood up, walked over to it and picked it up.It read:

DEVIL PONIES N MORE: WEVE GOT A HELL OF A BARGAIN 4 U.Needless to say, I was puzzled, as I flipped the card over.The back read:  SATAN JONES, customer support representative.555-HELL ext.666

With no other options available, I dialed the number.A friendly-sounding automated greeting chimed in on the other line.Thank you for calling Devil Ponies N More, where weve got a hell of a bargain for you 24/7!If you know the extension of the customer support representative youd like to reach, please dial it now.

I dialed 666.After a brief ring, someone picked up.This is Satan in customer support.How may I help you?

UhS-Satan? I stammered.Last time I checked!What can I do ya for?

Did-did you send a devil pony to my house?

Could be.We send a lot of devil ponies to a lot of houses, my friend.

Oh, my god...

Thats Satan, sir.God is my dads name, Satan chuckled.They love that one in the lunch room.

I was flustered.Your devil pony flew off and abducted my daughter!

Satan winced.Oooooh, yeah, they do that sometimes.Im really sorry about that, sir; mustve been a last gen model.If you like I can hook you up with an upgrade for a fraction of the cost.

What the--are you crazy?!No, I dont want a new modelI want my daughter back!

You dont need to get snippy with me, sir.Were both adults.Now, if youd like to tell me your information I can look up your order.That way, I can track the serial number of your unit and send a retrieval imp to bring it and your daughter safely back to you.

Dont bring that thing back here!

Your daughter?

NO!That fucking hell horse or whatever!

Devil pony, sir.

I dont want that thing near me or my family!

There will be a refund charge of 125 American dollars or your first borns soul.

Fine, fine!ErIll pay the $125, not my first borns soulJesus Christ.

Thats Satan, sir.Jesus is my big bro, Satan chuckled to himself again.Are you sure I cant convince you to reconsider?Ill take an additional 25% off a model upgrade.I dont do this for just anyone, you know.

NO!!!

Alright, alright--just thought Id ask.How will you be paying today, sir?

Mastercard, I sighed.What a day.