SarahWarden
Samantha?

Its Sam.

Okay, Sam, the doctor will see you after the mammogram to discuss your results.For now, go ahead and take everything off above the waist and sit tight, the radiologist will be here in just a sec.Is this your first mammogram?You look a bit too young to be starting your annuals.

Fucking morons and their inability to read files.I have a lump, actually I have a few of them.

Sam figured that it was best to keep her sentences as simple as the person she was speaking to.The nurse furrowed her brow, looked at the chart (finally), and then back at Sam.Listen girl, youre going to be fine.We all get these lumps from time-to-time, we all freak out, and theyre usually nothing -- a cyst, or fibrous tissue.Youre too young, statistically, for this to be cancer.

And then the moron squeezed Sam on her shoulder, right on top of her lump.The radiologist came in.It didnt hurt, just a little pressure that lingered too long, then a slight pinch where the other mass was, at the top of her breast.Then the side view, to get a look at the mass between her armpit and her ribcage.The radiologist smiled at her, Last one!, then left and returned a moment later.Were actually going to need to get an ultrasound from you as well.

Sam had already put her shirt back on.So, do I schedule that at the desk on my way out?

Its best if we just go ahead and get this done today.Get changed into the gown again, and Ill be back in a minute.

Sam nodded, stripped as the radiologist was walking out the door, slipped on the insufferable gown again, and sat in a chair.The exam table made her nervous -- like if she were ever to lay all the way down, it would mean that she wouldnt get back up again.Her eyes scanned the room, looking for something to focus on during the ultrasound.Nothing but cotton swabs and bullshit; too sterile to calm.Sam tilted her head back to look up at the ceiling -- there!In the corner!An industrious arachnid was spinning a web, oblivious to her own inappropriateness in such a meticulously clean setting.Yes, my Spidey sista, Sam thought, fuck this place.Fuck it right in its pink ribbons.Spin a web and silence their relentless, but impersonal, positivity.We dont belong here, you and I. Weve never fit in with this kind of crowd -- the pretenders of kindness, the well-coiffed and manicured mean girls, risen like zombies from the suburbs to include us in some sisterhood of crap, now that were sympathetic and fuzzy and pink, like them.Fools.We will never be pink.Spidey and I dont care about our tits, or our not-very-impressive beauty -- we care about what we build.We appreciate the challenge of exercising our craft in a new and hostile territory.No matter where we are, she will spin her web and I will write, because that is who we are -- not our tits, or the lumps therein.We are builders, weavers, creators of worlds  if you destroy one web, we will weave another.All set, Sam?The gel will be a little cold

Sam nodded, closed her eyes, and lay down on the exam table.She could relax now; nobody fucks with spiders.