MasterKakes
Hurry up, if we get there too late the bar will be packed!


Yeah, yeah Ill be out in a sec I just need to put my shoes on.


Ive always been described as dramatic and animated but she makes me look like that guy who acted as Anakin in Attack of The Clones.I put on my white Adidas sneakers which I retrospectively regret, I mean Im smart enough to get a degree but not smart enough to realise wearing white sneakers to a crowded bar is just plain stupid.As I walked down the narrow walkway of my ridiculously priced yet minuscule apartment I noticed an eight-legged friend scurry away from me in a panic induced by the notion of being crushed by my fine German paid, Asian made footwear.Hey little buddy, dont fret I wont hurt you.Were both Black so I got your back.Today you, tomorrow me.


Im pretty sure that spider rolled its eyes at me but appreciated being saved nonetheless.As I got to the door I could hear her barking out at me again.I thought African time was just a stereotype yet here we are, late af.


I resented that at first but that was soon washed over by the realisation that I am pretty much late for everything and am in fact a stereotype.Shes only rushing because she wants to meet up with her Tinder date.I cant believe I agreed to chaperone her on this date, at a biker bar no less to meet some guy called Spike.Okay his name isnt Spike but I like to think it is considering where were going.We eventually arrived and met up with Spike.Hey, Im sorry were so late.My useless friend over here is going to hang around to confirm that you arent an axe murder.


Dont worry about it, and also I respect his place here.Heaven forbid I was an axe murderer, how clich. 


Hey this guy isnt half bad, I had the wrong assumption about you Spike.Nice to meet you Spike.


My name is Alan.


God dammit how did I end up being the douchebag in this situation?I made my way to the bar where I spent the next hour drinking beer and hating it but not ordering my Mojito for fear of not looking like a real man.Yes, I have pathetic tendencies.As the night progressed and my sobriety deteriorated I made eye contact with a girl who had jet black hair.I was in love or at least thats what the alcohol told me.I asked the bartender about her and he told me that she was looking for a man to use to piss off her boyfriend.I stopped listening after man to use.I made my move and next thing I knew we were making out by the bar.As a result of the beer I had broken the seal and found myself in a cubicle contemplating the notion that being able to pee standing is surely the best thing about being a man, that and living in a world that inherently benefits us.THUD goes the door.Hey!You best come out, we dont kindly to your type round here.


OMG Im about to become a black martyr, I cant die before I get out of Bronze V!My type??How can you spew such hate, its 2017!


Yeah your type, home wreckers!You took advantage of my relationship troubles for your own benefit and made out with my girlfriend!


God dammit how am I the douchbag yet again?Ill be right out and we can talk like the civilised people we are.


Thank you I would appreciate that.


Needless to say I was half way through the window when they noticed my attempted escape.Now youre in for it!Lets cut him off outside boys.


As I tried to scramble out of the window my lack of balance kicked in and I fell face first and lay on the ground barely conscious.I knew they would find me before I could get up.A tear ran down my face as I tried to find someone else to blame for my situation.I blacked out.I woke up in my narrow walkway only to be greeted by a horde of spiders.Yesterday us, today you.


No fuck that are we


God dammit Derek you know the code, we had to save him.


Well can I at least say my piece?Listen dude just because you come from a marginalised group does not give you leeway to be an asshole.Alan is a great guy, he saved my cousin just last week.As for your home wrecking stunts, in future take responsibility for your damn actions instead of looking for someone else to blame, yeah I know thats what you were thinking.Spidey sense and shit.


Jesus is your monologue over Derek?Can we go now?I met this black widow and she finally invited me over.


Like I said, I have pathetic tendencies.