Comradekarny
Sir! A man dressed in what appear to be ragged military fatigues.Yes? I respond, 

It the Ragnor!This must be the third time this month!

I push myself from the armchair, stand up and begin to  walk the flight of stairs to the top of the bunker.Today of all days huh? 

Several soldier solute me as I make my way up.They look like children, my heart grows heavy for them.We no longer have power to run the elevators.But a small gas generator powers some important equipment.Ive designated a small team to search for a way to repair or replace the old emergency power source.But he hadnt heard back from them for weeks.I finally reach the top of the stairs, Im old now and constantly I am reminded of it.Marcus. I huff out

Yes father. A young man snaps to attention.His hair is black, his eyes are green and his face is angular.I believe you have a report for me. Ive taken a nearby chair, I swear those stairs get longer each time.Yes father.... today is Tuesday. And my son takes out several calendars, as all ancient and ragged theyve managed to keep track of days without sunlight for so long.Im aware its Tuesday. I say

Yes, for as long as Ive lived the Ragnor have never arrived on Tuesday... only the others. The room falls silent and tense at the word others.Father!Should we close the gatehouse?The others have never missed a delivery. Panic strikes his face and the sound of an alarm floods the room.They are here! A red haired woman stands and reaches for the large over behind her.Not yet Shore.Alex, Sky, And Rain follow me. I stand and make my way down to the gatehouse.Several guards are piled behind sandbags and concrete dividers.My son, and Sky return form the armor as I ready the troops.Father, here Alex hands me a weathered M1911.He has his grandfathers browning shotgun.Its a miracle its still in working condition.Sky. He has blond hair.He is only 16.He is amongst the first born in the bunker.Stay in the back, of things start going poorly get back to Shore and close the gates.

Yessir He is reluctant.But he knows his duty.Leader, they will be here in under a minute. Rain Says.His helmet crushes down his long curly hair.His skin is dark, and his eyes light brown.The Ragnor invaded earth nearly 3 decades ago.They never saw us as equals.And why would we expect them to.A pest exterminator doesnt get down on all fours and catch rats with their hands.No they make the living space inhospitable.The kill everything and everyone around its target.To this day I fear that Im that target.There is no other explanation for the delivery men, showing up just like they did 20 years ago.Not even a spec of dust on their brown uniform, no gas mask or clean suit to protect them from the wasteland outside.The only logical answer is they work for the Ragnor.Gunfire opens up, several beast like creature only just clear the tunnel entrance.Autopsy reveals these creatures arent the Ragnor.. as they the themselves never seem to leave their ships.These creatures had been once human.Turned feral, they have a wide variety of shaped but our researchers have classified them into 3 types, ghouls, vampires, and behemoths.(Our researching team plays a lot of dnd... and the creatures dont share much in common with any fantasy characters.)ghouls are humans adapted to be faster and stronger.It seems they are little more then vicious animals.Vampires still have a high level of intelligence, capable of tactics and tool use.And behemoths...I dont know what to say other then they are massive.Much larger then is generally considered possible.  More then 300,000 lbs, and taller the 100 feet, these behemoths are living terraformers.Bodies begin to flood the tunnel.Ammo hasnt been a problem in a while, however space is.The corpses of creatures stack up to the ceiling towards the entrance.With every new obstacle the ghouls reach further and further into the tunnel.Grapeshot! I order several second go by as the soldiers ready.Cun choooo. A artillery piece fires a handmade shell out the tunnel.Inside the cave the sound is definitely capable of rupturing your eardrums.But the guards have very heavy ear protection.Near silence as the cave reverberates with sound.One man even checks if his earcovers area still on.Raaaoorr! Here comes the second wave.A deep guttural cry rips down the passageway.There are a lot more Rags to kill.Fire! This  time the Vampires have prepared a plan.Some small Vampires run in behind the ghouls.Lifting large metal sheets above their heads.Anything from car hoods to stop signs.They throw the scrap into piles and hide behind it.Its not enough to deflect most rounds.But it does obscure vision.The adult vampires run in to the makeshift bunkers.Firing bows and slings.They dont really pose much of a threat at this distance.But the skirmishes are just supporting the ghouls.The vampires leader roars once more, and a phalanx of shield bearers enters the tunnel.Two rows of really sturdy shield push into the cavern.They are carrying reinforced glass shields.The must have gotten them from the bank down the road..I wish I had though of that.Behind the shield wall are even more vamps.They are carrying both handmade weapons and anything they could scavenge, from pitchforks to bent rebar.Rain! I call out.Yessir. Rain Fire Into to shield wall.In between even the smallest gaps with his 223.Remington.Shields bearers or those behind them begin falling.Any time a gap is made Rain makes the hole larger so the rest can fire and devastate the Phalanx.Umm excuse me! A human squeezes his way through the shield wall.Im a little late, could you let me through. 

Hey, the human in a brown uniform gives me a small grin.I have a package for... uh, Jim? 

Yes thats me, I say 

Good, sign here. The mad pulls out a clipboard and puts his thump on the position Im to sign.Based on the amount of addresses on the sheet of paper there are a lot of deliveries this guy is supposed to make.And not one other signature anywhere on the clipboard.The delivery man hands me a small package.And walks back the way he came.All the while gunfire and monsters surround him.He moves gracefully.Not bumping into any Rag if they way out.The vamps are nearly to us now.Spears! I call out.And our soldier meet theirs.