gilgameth_extreme
"cool, cool" he went on."you jumped in as well, ha?Let me have a wild guess: You worked on a fusion reactor, right?You are a lonely fella that played a little with the magnetic field while nobody was watching?"I stared at him in disbelief, he was spot on."Well, funny how easy it is once you get it, isn't it?But what do I tell you... what's your name by the way?"."Marc" I told him."Ok, Marc.Welcome to the medieval ages, I am Chad the Great.You can chose your own name if you like, but 'the Neet', 'the Mighty' and 'the Awesome' are already taken.So, you wanna feast a little at Ian the Neet's castle?They have a great turkey there and we can ride some horses and stuff."I was still so beriddled that I could barely get a word out but I nodded and he continued talking: "Great, that's really great, you know.Maybe you can have the land in the east, we will see.So, what have you studied?""Electrical engineering" I answered."Oh, okay.That's a pity, but we'll see.Soo... let me introduce you to the situation.You see, you are not the only one who put this together, actually quite a few people did.And, oh wonder, nobody made it public to all the people and everyone decided to go back and become king... yeah.Soo, to be honest, about 90% of the kings I know are time-travellers.Aand, they all thought you could come back, bummer - you can't- and nobody has put much thought into how they are going to accomplish anything in this time."He looked at me.I really wanted to come back.Because of my family and that girl I like and ... work ... and... hm... maybe I didn't really want to go back.If I think about it all I ever wanted was to get away from that place, from the people and the- "Marc, hey, hey, this is the moment where you say: Chad, worry no more, of all the people I have thought of some things that will be useful for this time.""Ehh, no, I haven't, sorry."I had to say."Great.We are all as stupid as the next one.Martin the Awesome was the first one, so he is basically the inventor of time-travel, for what it's worth.He just had a smartphone and a lighter with him and nothing else.He told the people that he was from the future and that he was going to bring them electrical light and TV and the internet but... that's quite difficult without electricity and computers and everything.People treated him like a total lunatic.So he just said that he could capture their souls with his smartphone and that he would send them to hell and stuff.Yeah... ehm, and I basically did the same.So at the moment they just give us a part of their food and everything, you know, for free.Plus, we are kings.But we are totally working on a steam engine, like every sunday we get together and work on it, you know, for the people.You must know that this was a rather democratic society before we got here but whatever.We will bring them technological advancement in the end.We have already built a small printing press, which the monks love, and a lightbulb but we don't have electricity, yet... and one king managed to play gangnam style on a floot - people love it.So... yeah, now you know what's going on.""Oh" was all I could say "that doesn't sound too good."Chad the Great was a little embarrassed."Yeah, we have this theory, that we might actually be the cause of what we called 'the Dark Ages' back in the future... but you should see for yourself, the parties are amazing, the beer tastes better than back home and every lady falls for a king.You are down to party, right?""Of course I am.Party 4 life"- I didn't want to argue with my new peer group.""Ok, great.Let's go to the horses."Then he gave me a horse and we rode to King Ian the Neet's castle, escorted by like a dozen knights.My head was racing, too much to process at once.The party was great, though.