crumjd
C.S.Lewis was apparently wrong, when he put the words, 'To know what would have happened, child?'said Aslan.'No.Nobody is ever told that', into the mouth of his character.Because I had a book in front of me that purported to tell just that.'Dale Irving, 1927 to 2018, 18 Choices and Their Consequences.'18?That's quite good, the average is 10 you know, The angel who had handed me the book said reading it's title over my shoulder.10 what? 

  Its eyes were very kind and its voice was calm and soothing, 10 Choices, the average person Chooses 10 times. 

  What?  I asked, and then because I could tell from the look of nearly infinite patients in it's eyes that it was going to explain the exact same thing using slightly different words, I clarified.The average person makes thousands of choices.Probably thousands a day.You can choose to snooze the alarm or turn it off, then you choose to get up or go back to sleep.You brush your hair first or your teeth.There are several routes you could take to work or you could just drive in a random direction until you don't know anyone and no one there has ever seen you before. 

  Those are just reaction, the angel said.Chemicals in your brain combine, it sets off cascades through your nerves, and eventually your bodies move.You don't Choose. 

  It was an argument I'd heard before, of course.Everyone has.We're just meat machines.Wires and gears.I started to make the argument that had worked in life, Quantum... 

  The angel cut me off it's voice filled with a well of kindness deeper than the sea.Certain quantum scale reactions aree stochastic in character.But a coin flip isn't a Choice either. 

  I looked down at the book.But they do exist? 

  You have Free Will.  For the barest instant, wrapped around the word 'you' I got the impression of  sadness in the angelic voice.I wonder if perhaps there wasn't a book out there with it's name on it.It's HIS proudest accomplishment.It pulls you up off the plane of reality and in that instant You Choose free of all else. 

  I was still looking at the book.Perhaps 18 wasn't so bad a number after all.I had lived an extraordinary life.I had invented incredible things, made a vast fortune, then pumped it back into making the world a better place.So now I read this and learn what they were?What would have happened if I'd Chosen something else? 

  Yes. 

  And then? 

  The angel smiled, a warm golden expression, And then you learn more about Choosing and how to do it more often.