Sleeping-H0ll0w
It was terrible.


You wouldnt know it, little one.You were merely a babe when the Great Blinding started.It didnt affect you.You were a newborn, and blind from the start

My story was interrupted by a thump.I felt around on my lap for my two year old granddaughter and held her tight.I couldnt see the source of the thump, but I could guess at it.Sir.There is a box at your feet.

My assistant hovered next to me.It was amazing how scientists, even during the events of The Great Blinding, or so history has named it; were able to create something so fantastic as a personal assistant.My granddaughter, who lived with me due to the sudden death of her parents, had named my assistant...

Jangles!

The happy squeal of my little one brought a smile to my face.Her hands were on my face, braiding my long, gray beard that I had no intention of shaving.I placed her on the ground as I got up.My blind hands grabbing the blind box in this terribly blind world.I felt something smooth on the inside, and I blinked rapidly.My granddaughter was still smiling.But that was odd...


She was smiling...I could SEE it...I could see.There was a plethora of messages on my walls.Dont Tell them you can see!
Over and over again.Jangles was busily scrubbing the messages on my floor, walls, ceilings, and more.My dearest friend for two years and counting looked back at me and nodded.There was a message printed on his blue screen.Li__en t__ t__m

And further.It rewrote itself and filled in.Lis__en t_ t_e w__rds

There was a rumbling, and an angry man burst through my door.LISTEN TO THE WORDS!

I read before picking up my walking stick and pretending to grope blindly at my surroundings.My granddaughter, oh how beautiful, was still playing with Jangles on the floor.The man stared at me.His teeth were pressed into a snarl, and his eyes were clearly capable of sight.Old age had withered my own eyes, so blind or not, they were clouded.We got a report that youre facing... ahem... technical difficulties?

The man growled.I lifted my hands to my beard and stroked it.I then stepped closer, and used my hands to examine his face.I muttered out the features I felt as my hands ran over them.Strong chin... cut jawline... almond eyes...

My acting mustve been convincing, as he took one last look into my almost pupil-less eyes and slammed the door.We should go for a walk, Sir.

Jangles hovered to my height, and whispered as best as a robot could,

We must run.

I picked up my granddaughter, with her light green eyes, and her beautiful brown hair set so carefully on her head, and the three of us stumbled blindly into the blind road, embarking on a blind journey to hide from our now not-so-blind world.Little one, you will never know it.


It was terrible.