BjornStrongndarm
Finally, I had him.The Shade was right.He had explained the whole plan to me; it was as though I could see for the first time.I could see how my arch-nemesis, the Orange Cowl, couldnt resist following the breadcumbs Shade had suggested.How he would put the pieces together.How he would be wary of the trap, but be wary of the wrong one.How the blackened dart wouldnt reflect any light, giving the Cowl no chance to jump out of its way.Of course, I had to change Shade's deadly poison for a knockout dose.Now I had the Orange Cowl hanging upside-down over the piranha tank.He was just coming to.Finally!He would know that **I** was the one to bring him down.All through his agonizing dismemberment, he would understand, at long last, just what his actions all those years ago had truly cost him.He would pay for his sins, and know just how much he was paying.Wh wha? he spluttered.Good, he was waking up.Cape hanging down behind him, he must have felt the blood rush to his head, because he quickly reached up towards his feet.Oh, you wont find them that easy to untie, I drawled.Titanium alloy chains, welded together.No locks to pick this time, my little Cowl!

He seemed to still be coming to his senses.Nuclear Scorpion, he hissed.I should have known.You *madman*!

How dare he?After all he had done.After all *I* had done.Mad, am I? I cried.Was it madness when I carefully chose the street names for each child's body?Was it madness when I calculated that you would figure out the pattern after the fifth!Was it madness when I 

But I couldn't finish.An explosion near to me drown me out, and then Orange Cowl was still.A bright red spot blossomed on the center of his forehead.I hadnt heard Shade open the warehouse door behind me.I hadnt heard him walk up beside me.I hadnt heard a thing until he pulled the trigger.Shade.The one who had given me victory now stole it from my clutches.How could you! I cried, spinning around on him.I finally had him in my power!He was at *my* mercy, and finally knew that _I_ had triumphed.How... dare...  you  ...

My voice dropped as shade swung the gun back up.Its barrel stared at my left eye, inches away.With my right, I saw him turn his head and regard me quizzically, as though I was a puzzle, or a strange kind of insect he had never before seen.His voice was quiet, as velvety as ever.*You* triumphed? He sounded curious more than anything else.I wonder why you ever thought you were more than a convenient tool?

And for the second time, he pulled the trigger.