writing_and_stuff
Gemmas breath caught in her throat.She could hear him moving about the kitchen, his sure footsteps the same as usual.All morning shed been getting texts from her girlfriends.HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?
Is this a joke??
Philip hasnt noticed, but

Picture after picture of coffee mugs.#2,675 Dad.556,637th Greatest Dad.477th Best Dad Ever.At first she thought they were photoshopped.One of those lame Facebook pranks.But the accompanying messages from her friends were real.The group chat kept pinging while Gemma buried her head.Then, she smelled it.Coffee.Oh no.Gemma whipped the pillow from the bed and in one fluid motion, gathered her infant son from the bassinet beside the bed.She ran through a list of compliments, distractions, anything to keep him from noticing.Dave wasnt sensitive, per se, but surely hed be hurt if he noticed the mug she bought him for his first Fathers Day suddenly contained far more digits.She rounded the corner at the foot of the stairs and was met with a twinkling smile and his big blue eyes.Morning, babe.Coffee? 

Gemma paused, trying to sneak glances at the mugs Dave had chosen to serve this mornings brew.He always used itthere it was!But it was facing away from her.Hmm.Yeah, thanks babe!Come here, mmm She leaned in for a warm kiss, shifting their son to her hip.Her left hand deftly swiveled the cup 180 degrees.Stepping back, she met his gaze and smiled.He turned, and her eyes flicked to the cup.Oh!

Yeah babe? Dave half-turned, back still to her.Something wrong?

Nothing!Just trying to pour one-handed.Again.

Dave made his way over to her, beaming.You always try, and I always say, let me do it. 

Yeah, well..

Yeah, I know.Dork. He paused.Seriously, you ok? His eyes tracked hers while he finished pouring.Yeah, its fine.Totally fine. 

Gemma reached for the cup closest to her.Hey, mama.You know that ones mine. Her hand grasped at empty air as he pulled it towards his face.What?! His blue eyes twinkling.Nothing.I love you. Gemma blinked once, twice, to clear the tears that were forming behind her eyes.Just let me help you, ok? He tapped the mug.#1 Dad.Says it right here. 

Yeah. She smiled.Yeah, it does.