KeithKATW
So it began.Keith was a good kid.He never really asked for too much in life, just to be "loved" and adored like so many others he had seen in life...He dreamed, when he was young, of being like all of those great philosophers that had come before him, those that shaped so much of the landscape of human thought.He earnestly learned all that they had offered humanity, before making his own pledge...He was young...He was naive...When his day came, he was well beyond ready.Life, as it would have it, didn't treat him nearly as well as he had hoped... All of those dreams were scoffed at by the time his contribution was made: scolded for thinking differently, martyred by the parade...The world had regressed substantially, since the time of his lowly beginnings... From the time when he dared think that he, too, could be "loved" for his thought...The world was not the same.The world no longer valued such "daring adventures of intellect"...The world was scared...It was in a constant state of fear by the time Keith left...Anything new was struck down as dangerous, while everything old choked mankind, as if it were an infant sized turtleneck, wrapped around the trunk of a tree... Keith knew it wouldn't last long, so he made his mark by recording his ideas in countless forms, ready for the world, as surely as a tree catches the wind when it blows...

His heart stopped beating early in the morning, before the sun rose.He was in a log cabin, with his front door facing slightly southeast, into his farmland, just as he had always imagined.Dusk was his favorite time, wandering the twilight, searching the stars for all of the answers to life's greatest mysteries; the atmosphere set by a batch of low lying clouds served as the best setting for some of the most adventurous of thought processes...He knew his time was coming.His feeble attempt at success among the lesser humans that came to exist after generations passed, had done enough to suck the life out of him... As much as he wanted to, he could not get away from the human NEED to be accepted...He made his mark, and was thrown to the wayside for it...While he knew, deep in his heart, that he was the leader of the pack, the world saw it differently, and saw him as an outcast...When his last breath finally dissipated into that morning dewy air, Keith found himself in a strange place he didn't expect himself to find...Although he didn't know what to expect beyond passing, this is surely not it... At first he though he was dreaming; "Can this be?"he pondered to himself.As he looked around, he saw so many of those great men that he had once admired so much as a young boy: "Aristotle?Tesla?Thomas Jefferson?Isaac Newton?"he pondered as he looked over the many faces that he recognized.The air was THICK, like that of 1,000,000 horses crammed into one barn.It was **RICH**, profuse with the wisdom of 1000 great men.But as Keith looked around, he could not help but to notice the somber look on all of their faces.To Keith, this was a form of heaven itself, but to them, it looked like a sick form of hell.As he moved, floating through this realm that he had never experienced before, he noticed the eyes of many of the men move, although, ever so unimpressed by the new arrival.These great men looked so sad; he didnt know what to make of it...There were also many men there, whom he didn't recognize, and as if by some magical spell, they would be there one moment, but then the next moment, they'd be gone... Keith settled in a corner, in a silent space, away from the rest of them, as if to try to make sense of the situation...

From what he could tell, these "men of renown" were the only constant thing there.Being the inquisitor, and the social animal he was, he thought maybe one of the men would have some answers...He rolled up slowly, as if to not disturb...He could tell by the look in their eyes, that they dared not communicate any more than necessary.But Keith needed answers.He figured a good way to go would be to approach someone he knew, maybe someone he admired, so maybe he could share his appreciation, in exchange for some info, so he approached the Great Nikola Tesla...

"Mr. Tesla", he exclaimed gently.He didn't even move."I just wanted to let you know that you are by far one of my favorite people to have ever lived.The things that you did for mankind are immeasurable.And the ambitions that you had were so great, that mankind dare not try to contain you... That's why they just let you go..." He still didn't move.Keith walked up front to see if he was even awake.To his surprise, there was Nikola Tesla, awake and aware, yet, with the familiar somber look in his eyes... "Mr. Tesla..." Mr. Tesla finally replied, "I'm sorry my boy, I was dreaming"... Keith was surprised to hear the Great Mr. Tesla speaking again... "What was it that you asked?""Oh, nothing.I was just coming by to see how you were doing... What is this place?""Hmm.Good question."Mr. Tesla replied... "Obviously, since you're here, you must have died.I've been here for a short while now, and have seen many come and go, but certain people stay.Consider me a fool if I didn't know whom I was in the presence of...It seems that those who may have had some sort of impact in the physical world, have some type of stay in this realm.It would be foolish to jump to conclusions, but, if I had to say, Id say that this is some sort of 'waiting room' before we pass on to another realm?""Oh."Keith said."What is your name?"Mr. Tesla replied... "I'm sorry for being so rude"...

"Keith" Keith said...

"Nice to meet you Keith...So you look like a bright fellow... What do you make of this?""Idk" Keith said."Hmm... What did you do in your life Keith?""Idk.'Lived' I suppose..."

"Hmm... Ok... What year was it when you left?""2059" Keith replied."Hmm.So its been well over a century since I passed, yet, it doesn't feel so...I'm not sure if there's a concept of time in this place.Its just 'still' all the time..."

"Yeah, I feel that too" Keith sympathized... "Have you talked to anyone else?""Oh yes, quite plenty.They were pleased to hear of much of the progress that had been made, since their departure..."

"Well that's good..." Keith replied jovially...

Keith all of a sudden began to notice that same somber feeling he had seen all over everyone's faces, begin to saturate his being...He no longer wanted to talk.Mr. Tesla didn't want to talk.Nobody wanted to talk.All they really wanted was those they loved.The life, the vitality that they once had... Keith knew it, deep down, because that's all Keith wanted as well... As much as he admired all of these great people, he could see their emptiness...They spent their whole lives searching, only to find satisfaction in the most humble of origins...The thing that they longed for most was that "love" that they hoped to get from their peers.Having lived their lives, searching for that love, many to never find it, they now found themselves in this place, empty, with a soul that holds no weight.The very thing they hoped for was now a distant waste, a stillness they couldn't shake...