gregallen1989
That $10 was the last gift of my dying wife.Before she died she had handed it to me and told me to buy bitcoin.I did and now I was rich but I kept the $10 bill as a reminder of happier days.He had taken that from me and now he would pay.He thought he had a clean get away when he mugged me.But I saw his license plate.It had cost me $200 to get a private detective to run the plate.Edward Richter, mid twenties, enrolled in a local community college.He drove Uber to make money.I followed him for a few days then a plan began to from in my head.It wouldnt be cheap.But I had $84,100 in the bank account and I would use every penny to have my revenge.First, I bought an exact replica of his car.It was a 2011 Prius and after the custom work to make it look exactly the same as his down to the VIN number it ended up costing me $25,000.It was worth every penny.Next, I bought an abandoned building close to the routes he tended to drive.I found it on foreclosure but it still set me back $50,000.It took another $9,000 to renovate the building the way i needed it done.I had $100 left in the bank.It was just enough.Then I waited for the perfect day.The next saturday I woke up early.I knew Edward slept in on saturdays so I was able to swap his car out with the replica one with ease.Then I waited for him to wake up and start picking up Uber passengers.After I few hours I put in a request for an Uber ride to the building.It took me a few tries to get him.He picked me up and drove to the building.He tried to make small talk with me.I just stared out the window silent.As he drove up, he said this place sure is strange looking. I pulled out a $10 bill.Whats strange is the things people will do for $10. I handed it to him and got out of the car.I heard him say freak under his breath.I laughed as I pushed a button in my pocket.His car doors locked.In front of him, the car door on the building began to open.I could hear him clicking the unlock button on his car but nothing happened.His car began to fill with gas as it drove into the building.An hour later I had pulled him from his car and chained him to a pole.When he awoke he looked at me and screamed what do you want with me you sick freak?! I relpied I wanted something to remember my wife by but you took that from me.So Ill settle for your pain, I pulled out a $10 bill.I placed it between his fingers and pulled.I saw the pain as the paper cut his skin.I was only getting started.An hour later he hit his limit.Kill me! he begged.I continued to cut.I cant take this any more man.Tell Martha I love her. I stepped back, astonished.Why did you say that name?Martha!Why did you say that name. Martha was the name of my dying wife.Its my mothers name. he said.I was ashamed.What had I done?Would Martha love me knowing what I had done?Martha was my wifes name. I told him.You stole the last thing I had that reminded me of her, a $10 bill. 

Im sorry man.I didnt know. 

I knew I had to let him go.To make it up to him I invited him over to my house where we watched Batman vs. Superman together.We became best friends.The End

This was my first time writing one of these.Hope it doesn't suck too bad!