Hobbes09R
This is part one of what I'd envision as a two or three part series of short stories.As such it's not fully fleshed out within the concept and there's quite a bit more to explore but I figured I'd put this part out there today and hopefully finish the rest in the next day or so.Apologies in advance for any mistakes but it is getting rather late.Anywho...

&#x200B;

P1

  Peter, where are we going?

James opened his eyes and, not betraying his revulsion even to his empty cabin, set about his preparations.First a cup of water, then a sip of a dry red wine; sweet was for celebration and dry for theunsavory.Then he grasped his cutlass in his left hand and unsheathed it.Swinging it into the shadow of a target, his movements were quick and snake-like, consisting of short jabs and savage swings which, though fast, left him more breathless than might be expected of a normal, healthy man as he adjusted the straps on his right arm.He then checked the polish of his blade and, frowning at the speck of blemish near the hilt, sheathed the weapon.There would be words with that oaf of a boatswain.Next he approached his dresser where his clothing had been delicately arranged.First a white, unstained undershirt, which he easily shrugged on.More difficulty was had with the flowery white blouse, each ivory button a delicate process of dexterity.He pulled his curls from the laced collar and allowed the raven locks to fall about his shoulders.Next came his socks, a cool dark silk which had him wriggling his toes in contentment despite himself, then his trousers, an eastern design as he understood, black with gold trims and none of it stained by salt.The extravagant silver buckles which held them up and holstered his sword and pistol were a process all their own, but James had become well-accustomed to the demands.A process which would have taken a normal man seconds and be a nigh impossibility to others of hisconsideration, took him a mere two minutes.Above that he drew his arms into a fitted vest embroidered with an intricate design.Its ebony buttons were larger than that of his blouse, but more difficult to work in the tight fit.He narrowed his eyes to his boots, expecting the same level of carelessness done to them as had been done his blade, but the mirror which stared back defied inspection.James gave his approval by slipping his feet within the whaleskin boots then returned his scrutiny to the silver buttons of the deep red coat which hung before him.His lip twitched at the lint found near the shoulder and he considered for a moment whether to call for the damnable boatswain when the softest of knocks sounded.Enter, James spoke smoothly and it was a moment before the door opened, silent on its well-oiled hinges.Youre awake, the young cabin boy, Morgan if James recalled correctly, exclaimed in some surprise which James could not fault him for.He had an admitted peculiarity to utilize the crew to keep time for him.Very astute.

Handy skill to have, Capn.Times wishin I could wake up like clockwo- the cabin boy promptly snapped his jaw shut as two piercing blue eyes cut into him.Apologies, Capn the man, more a boy truly, barely old enough to shave, said tightly.As if the god of irony could hear his thoughts, he stated next, Is sent here ta give you a shave, Capn sir.

You? James raised an eyebrow while Morgan twitched nervously.Im to trust a shave to one whos never seen a hair on his chin?Id sooner allow Mr. Noodleham to try his luck.

There was defiance now in the boys eyes, defiance which was quickly squashed as James turned to him and he said, Shall I bring another, Capn?

That you should, Mr. Morgan.And do be prompt.Weve business to attend today.

The boy exited and long minutes would pass before another knock sounded at the door.Captain, sir, I see youre up early again, Cecco, a handsome man in his early 20s stated, a steaming towel thrown over his shoulder.Good, one of his better barbers.Cecco was immaculate in his grooming standards, as his own goatee declared.It took Mr. Morgan some time to bring you, James commented dryly and took a seat beside his vanity.Morgan Skylights, sir? Cecco said obvious bewilderment as he crossed the room and placed an apron around his Captains shoulders and the towel around his cheeks.Quickly he set about preparing the cream and razor.News to me, Captain.Figured hed be sound asleep by now.Had duty last night.Shoulda been him what polished your boots n the like.

Cecco removed the towel from his cheeks and applied the cream.Is that a fact?

The razor touched his cheek.tis, Captain. The razor brushed the whiskers from his cheeks, but Cecco was careful to avoid touching the beautiful mustache growing from his lip.Ill need to have a word on young Mr. Skylights then, about the lint on my coat.

Please dont be too hard on im, Captain.We just picked im up fromwellyou know. James frowned deeply, and at just the wrong moment as the razor passed beneath his lip.Cecco cursed under his breath and began apologizing profusely, but James only stared into the mirror.He watched blood form at his cheek, far darker than a normal mans blood, and felt his heart begin to pound.Lost fingers clenched.Just up ahead, not much further!

Peter, where are we going?

Hissing from below.The ticking in his right hand.A cutting sensation.never happen again, Captain, I swear it before the quartermasters whip if Ive to, Cesso continued until James patted his hand.Its quite alright, Mr. Cecco.The fault is mine own.Continue. He closed his eyes so as not to catch any more sight of the dark blood and ignored Cessos rambling apologies as he continued, perfecting the remainder of the shave and applying liberal amounts of oil to the spectacular mustache.James mind was going a mile per minute, sorting through his memories, and it was all he could do to politely dismiss the handsome makeshift barber.