logisticalsandwich
I closed the book.What is this? I asked.I thought it pretty self explanatory.Its a book about the decisions you made and what the outcomes couldve been said the angel.Well yes, but why?Why would I want to read about the possible outcomes now that I am deceased?

The angle sighed, as if they were annoyed by my inquiry.Some people like to see where they could have been and if a different decision was made, how their life could have been.

I paused for a moment, still holding the book in my hand.The leather quality was nice.I quickly paged through it, noting that varying in age of the ink as someone had written each section after each possible decision.The ink in the back pages still seemingly fresh and not aged.If the angels were writing these by hand, I felt bad for those that had to write this stuff out for people with severe ADD.My questions continued.But why?The decisions I made through my life were not ones I can or could change.Why would I want to see what I *could* have done when I am here now.Isnt that what matters?

The angel changed from annoyed to curious.Are you saying you wouldnt change any of the decisions you made?Arent you curious about that the one girl you never asked out, or the day you took that phone call?

Of course I was always curious.Those simply decisions would crop up in dreams or when I saw someone more successful than I.The decisions I made and how maybe I could have done better.Well, sure.But the outcome could only be relief if I had done worse or heartache if I could had done better.Certainly I had regrets about things I didnt get to do or opportunities I missed out on but they are only mild regrets.The things I did do gave me meaning and fulfillment in their own way.  

The angels curiosity continued.You say had meaning you dont have them anymore?

Why would I have them now?If I am deceased, there is nothing from my living life that came with me other than my memories so why would that matter here?I tried to live a positive life and do the right things when possible.Why would I worry about that life now?

The look on the angles face shifted to a mild sense of superiority.What if I told you it *did* matter?

Well then we are back to my original point:  the decisions have been made and I cant go back to change them.If I am going to be punished for any one of the decisions, why would I want to dwell on them?If I were to be rewarded, then so be it.

The angel was quiet for some time as if they were conferring with someone telepathically or simply being decisive about lunch, it was unclear.I pressed on.So if I am choosing not to read this, whats next?  

The angel disregarded my question.What if I told you this is your only chance to read this?You will never get a chance to learn this information again.

I chuckled in anxious amusement.Why are *you* so adamant that I read it?Is there something you arent telling me about why I should?

None.My purpose is provide you with the book.Just like your mortal life, the decision is your own.I will say however that your decision not read it follows quite clearly with your choices for meaning rather than self indulgence.  

I paused at the angels words.Was this a compliment or an insult?I handed the book back to them.The angel nodded and took the book from my hands.They continued.Even those that find that kind of wisdom later in life still tend to want to read it.Usually out of indulgence.The wisest however recognize that reading the decisions themselves are more knowledge despite the fact there is nothing that can be done.

The angel gently held the book up towards me as one last gesture of opportunity.I smiled and pushed their hand away.It sounds like I still have quite a bit to learn then.

Very well said the angel.I must ask though, arent you curious about the decision that ultimately led you here?

I let out a huge laugh as if someone had told funniest joke in the world.Nope.I knew that decision would come back to get me one day.

The angle smirked, trying to contain their own sense of laughter.Very well.Follow me.