mlescar
Bike Accidents and Bone Saws

&#x200B;

Unit 522, requesting medical assistance at Franklin and 38th, I repeat, medical assistance 38th and Franklin. the radio beamed.Sounds like showtime, eh Gregory. 

EMT 1436 responding, Gregory spoke into the microphone as he flipped the sirens on.I told you to call me Greg, Tony. 

I very much doubt your parents would appreciate that Gregory.Im sure time and care went into the naming of a heir, and as you have been told, It is Anthony.

Gregory sighs and shakes his head.We round the corner onto 38th and are waved to the corner of Franklin by the responding officer.Looks like another velocipede accident, Gregory.What fun!

Jesus... Greg shook his head and went around the truck to grab the gurney.What do we have? I said to the officer.Bike accident, looks like he has some scrapes and a bit of a gash on his head. 

Gregory, I dont think well be needing the gurney.It seems that the Gentleman just took a tumble and would like a ride.What might I call you sir? 

My name is Tom. the man said grimacing.Right this way sir Thomas, I said yanking the bicycle rider to his feet.Im going to apply pressure to your cranium.Your chariot awaits.

We stepped into the back of the ambulance.Gregs hand took the place of mine holding pressure on Toms head.Hey Tom, Im Greg.Can you see how many fingers I'm holding up?

Three, said Thomas.Nice, said Gregory.The good news is you dont have a concussion.The bad news is you are going to need some stitches, and that raspberry on your leg is going to be pretty sore.

Nonsense Gregory!That nasty raspberry you spoke of has the very serious risk of getting infected. I stated leaning in with my saw.Toms eyes grew wide with terror.What in the fuck Tony! Gregory yelled

Aaaaah Anthony. I quickly corrected with a jest.How did you even get a bone saw in here anyway?That's surgery equipment!All we do is stabilize the patient and get them to the hospital!

I apologize Gregory, I said tapping the vein in my arm with an IV tube.What the hell are you doing now!

It appears to me as if young Thomas has lost a great deal of blood.If we are to stabilize him, we must input more blood into his system.Mine being accessible I figured we wo

ENOUGH ANTHONY!Just drive the truck!

I bowed my head and scrunched out the back of the ambulance.Apologies gentlemen.

I hopped into the drivers seat and took off.Twirling the ends of my mustache as i drove.Its a nervous tick.What the fuck is that dudes deal? Whispered Thomas.Nobody knows man.

I pretended not to hear them.It seems we have arrived at our destination gentlemen, rouse yourselves and make haste!

Actually, Anthony would you mind bringing Tom here in?I have some things I would like to take care of in here.

I would be absolutely honored Gregory I really was.Tom, onward to our next adventure I said offering my hand to help him down.Alrighty. he said ignoring my assistance.As the double doors to the emergency room opened I announced our arrival, We would like immediate assistance over here!

Tara, an intake nurse I was familiar with approached.Hey Anthony, what do we have here?

You know this weird hipster? Tom asked.Weird hipster?Thomas is one of our favorite EMTs.Around here, we joke that whoever thinks chivalry is dead, has not met Anthony

I could feel my cheeks getting hot.A thousand thanks lady Tara.As you can see Thomas here is in need of some stitches on his forehead.Also the scrapes on his leg need the attention of some serious antibiotics or I fear he may lose it.

Ha!Thank you Anthony, thorough as always. Tara laughed rolling her eyes.Come with me Tom, lets get you taken care of.As I walked out of the double doors I saw Gregory leaning against the truck talking into his mobile device.No Pat you dont understand, I want out, I need a different crew!Its like he has no idea what hes doing

I crouched behind a potted plant outside the doors.Yes I understand he has seniority Your not listening, Pat.Today he tried to cut a mans leg off for having a scrape, and last week he asked me to give a dehydrated six year old cocaine to quote get rid of her headache. Does he even have a medical license?Im telling you Pat, if im not on a new truck tomorrow, Im out. Gregory put his phone in his pocket paced for a couple moments and hopped into the passenger seat.I crept out from behind the planter and took my spot in the driver seat.Gregory sighed as I got in but neither of us looked at each other.We stared straight ahead for a few minutes silently.I had to break the silence, I have never been one for long pauses.Listen Grego Greg, I am so very sorry.I understand working with me is difficult sometimes, Im only trying to help.My methods may be problematic for many people, but they are tried and true.Listen Greg, I love what I do, I was made for this job, and dare I say it?Im good at it.I only lost 33 people last year!.....Partners?