erinlc
My mind raced.Decades of experiences flooded in.I was crawling on the floor.Nammys bare feet paced as she crushed something in a bowl, singing a mindless tune.We were celebrating my birthday, and from the head of the table, I could see Nammy in the backyard.An uncomfortably tall man was touching his forehead to hers, and they were dancing like their limbs were rubberbands.Nammys words circled all around our conscious: you dont know what you are capable of, my light; be cautious, my light.If you dont pay attention, you may open a door you cannot close.Never read aloud unless you mean it. We were close with Nammy, but she always seemed to have another life.Its not like she was shrouded with mystery... but something was odd about her.I continued to race through my life, trying to figure out the answer.Did I have something to do with Nammys secrets?The demon paced and huffed.Just fucking great.You dont even know what you did.Look, kid, I dont have time for this shit.Who the fuck are you?

Cadence. I responded.I didnt ask your name, kid.Who.Are.You.Answer me!

I dont understand.I thought I did answer you.

The demons skin (honestly though, I dont even know what to call it... its definitely not skin... but I suppose thats the best word.)started to prickle, and its rich mahogany color, showed spatters of lavender.You dont know who you are?Wonderful! 

A wild cracking noise came from within.Without a fraction of a moments delay, I was alone.The destroyed kitchen was just a memory.Deafening silence surrounded me.Nothing but darkness was available to be seen.The demon was nowhere to be found.Hello?! I shouted.Panic began to fill my very core.The silence responded with knowledge.You must remain.You must seek your truth.Your powers are already stronger than you can handle.Stay.Be.I left my body 62 hours into the darkness.Every aspect of my life came together in one flash of connection.The kitchen was spotless.It was as if the destruction of the entire room never even happened.Simmering on the stove, a big pot of delicious soup.As I walked across to the window, overlooking a completely different world than Id ever known.As my skin prickled with goosebumps, a familiar lavender rush waved through.I am.Lets do this.