kro5064
Hey, uh so do you have it? I asked, twitching with nervousness.My dealer was an intimidating man.About 6 foot 3 inches, somewhere around 240 pounds, muscular, and a sleeve of black ink covering his left arm.That depends Do you have my fucking money with you this time? He looked at me with distrust and hatred.His dilated pupils made his eyes look black.I never talked to him when he wasnt high.Normally, a person who looked like this were put me on edge but Len always kept his gun in the waist of his jeans when he was in his house.This terrified me.Yea, Len.I got it this time I told him.Good.Youre gonna love what I got for you today Johnny boy.This shit is gonna make you soar through the stars like some kinda fuckin alien or some shit.How you scrape up your money this time John boy?Suckin cock like the rest of the skinny fuckin hoes in this neighborhood?Gotta slap a bitch to take a corner?
w windows I said shakily.Cleaning car windows under the EL.I worked all day and night under the massive green railway on Kensington Ave wiping windows for whatever change I could get.If I wasnt getting robbed later that night for the little money I made I was getting stiffed by trust fund babies who shouldnt be driving daddys car in Kensington.There are other parts of the Philadelphia that I can get H, but Kensington has the best.The shit is so strong.Im fucking with you Johnny Boy.Here, take your jawn and get the fuck out.

I walk out onto Jasper and turn left and walk towards Alleghany Ave.I walk the three blocks through the trash covered sidewalk to my usual spot in the parking lot behind Dunkin Donuts.Along my way I see a what looks like an old man convulsing on the ground with the crowd around him muttering.somebody call 911. Said one man
Oh fuck no, I cannot be around this.No way. Said a woman.I keep walking.I try to forget what I just saw.I dont want it to be my turn next.I make it to the lot and sit along the wall of the Walgreens facing the back of Dunkin.Fuck, I need water I say to myself out loud.I walk to the front of Dunkin and go inside.Eh, yo.We told you before man.You cant be comin in here unless youre gonna buy something the cashier says.She is a beautiful Puerto Rican looking woman, with long dark hair highlighted with blond streaks.She had olive skin and was probably 5 foot 3.I just want some water.I I have a a dollar.
Fine. She says placing the water bottle on the counter, leave the dollar and get the fuck out.I walk up to the counter grab the bottle and walk out.Turn the corner to the go back to my spot in the Dunkin lot.I sit back down and pull out my supplies: an old rusty spoon, a lighter, the heroin and the needle.I put the H on the spoon, poor a little bit of water and start heating it up.I stick in the tip of the needle and draw it in.I find the vein on my arm and I stick the needle in, push in the drugs and feel it.Oh that rush is good.Its delightful.I can barely feel my self-hatred.I feel my breathing relax as the heroin over takes me, relaxing me.I close my eyes and feel my brain dancing with joy.I can barely feel where I stuck myself.I can barely feel the wall on my back and the pavement on my butt.I barely feel myself drift off to sleep.His blood pressure is still too low. said the woman.Whats going on.Where am I?I can barely open my eyes.I cant feel my body.I see a woman and man around me.Hear the beep of a machine.His heart rate is dropping. says the man.I try to speak but nothing comes out.I feel shortness in my breath as I try.I shut my eyes again.And feel nothing.When I open my eyes I see stars.Hear other voices, more familiar to me.Is Jozai ok?
He should be.Probably having a bad trip.
Should we get him anything?Water from the lake?Silicon dust?Should he be convulsing like that?
He should be alright Ive had one of these before.He is probably just 


BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP

I got a pulse back.

I see the man and woman again but the stars are still in my eyes.I hear them talking.James!!!ETA until we are at the Hospital?

5 minutes Hannah

5 minutes isnt enough, Speed this fucking wagon up

I hear sirens wailing and echoing off the buildings.I can feel the jolt of the vehicle as the speed rapidly increases.A crackle of chatter comes across a radio.I try to gasp for breath to no avail.BEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPP.Resuscitate him Mark!We are almost ther


FUCK man, he just puked on himself.Come on Gorb
Im telling you he is fine.Give him a minute

I finally take a breath.Its heavy with smoke from a fire.I open my eyes and see the stars again.I can see the stars I whisper.What? the familiar voices say in unison.I can see.


 The stars

Hes delirious.How far are we from Temple? says Hannah.1 minute says James

I can hear the beeping of the machine.Its very slow.I can feel the frantic energy around me.I open my eyes and see the inside of the ambulance through a haze of my own confusion.I can see the medics working to keep my heart going, trying to bring my breathing back to normal again.I close my eyes one last time and hear the machine flatline.WOOOO!!!!Fuck!What the Oh!!!No, No, No! I scream looking around.Two figures looking at me with sapphire blue eyes and Mars red skin.Im covered in what I believe is my own vomit and holding a bong.Oh, someone take this jawn from me I say, handing one of the red figures the bong.You mean bong? says the one confused as he takes the bong.My head is woozy.I look above me and see the stars.An icy ring cuts the sky in half as it rises and falls from horizon to horizon.I see blue mountains in the distance off to my left and a field of green and pink flowers to my right ending at a lake of black water.The question of who I am fades as my surroundings become more familiar.But where I was is still a mystery.Uh yea, bong.Where was I? I ask.Technically you were here the whole time says Gorb chuckling.But those chromium shavings you smoked took you on a wild adventure.How was the trip?

Chromium shavings Note to self, never smoke chromium shavings again.I look down and see a fire burning in the pit.I remember making the pit and the fire before packing the shavings and smoking them.The night was supposed to be full of relaxation, camping with friends but the memories the chromium made are keeping me tense and my head is starting to throb.My brother told me the first time he smoked chromium shavings, his trip took him to a place of mediation in some mountain range with a funny name, void of contact from most other life forms like his own.He said it was very peaceful.Alright Jozai, relax.Go take a dip in the lake and wash that vomit off of yourself. Said Bein Then come back and tell us

Tell you what? I ask rubbing my head, hoping the residual effects of the chromium wear off soon.About your trip How was it?