epicrobotdanni
I thought this was an intelligent race, I said to my companion, Xarlot, who was sifting through the debris of a typical dwelling upon the abandoned planet we were studying.Xarlot turned to look at me, four of their six hands still working the rubble.They were the first to travel the stars.What would you call them?

I frowned and turned my comm toward her, a video playing on it.I captured a video from a device I discovered. Hitting the play button, a strange looking creatures face appear grinning at us.With its pale skin and stretched lips, it looked so very odd, but then, the creatures of this planet had evolved in such an odd way.Unlike any other creature in the known universe.This one stepped back from the camera and lifted what appeared to be an eating utensil filled with a brown coloured powder on it.What is it doing? Xarlot asked, leaning in closer to the comm, as if that would give them the answer they desired.It appears as though it is going to eat whatever that powder is.

Why film this?

I just shook my head and waved a hand at it.Watch.

Another few seconds and the powder was in its mouth, and it started to cough.Choking on the food it had intentionally eaten.Is it poison? Xarlot asked.I do not believe so, I muttered, hitting play on the video again in an attempt to uncover its secrets.Let me see, Xarlot took my comm, then frowned down at it.There is data here.A title, if I am correct.Cinnamon challenge.What is that?

I shook my head, taking my comm back from her.This is a challenge? I asked, still perplexed.Xarlot went back to sorting their pile of rubble once more.I will be glad when this assignment is completed.We are barely halfway through our rotation, and I wish for nothing more than to return home.

I sighed and sent the video off to the archive.We do as we must, Xarlot.It is law.We come here to learn, as every Qaath does.

I am as aware of the laws as you are, Carsa.Do not lecture me so.I will do my best here, as I have always done and will always do.It is simply not what I would choose to spend my time doing.

It was a common sentiment at the end of a long day, though not one I expected to hear from Xarlot.Before I could respond, however, a noise sounded behind me, and I frowned at the back of the ruined house.You best get back to work, Xarlot said, their back to me.You do not wish your rotation to be extended, do you?

I did not respond, instead crawling forward using four of my hands, so that I would still have two free.We were the only Qaath assigned to this dwelling.There should be no other inside.The instructors were not to check on us for hours yet.What could have possibly made that noise.Carsa, what is it you are doing?We are expected to finish this dwelling by the end of the sun cycle, and we are nowhere near complete.You must pay attention.

Glancing back at them, I motioned to where I had heard the noise.Did you not hear that?

Hear what?

There was a noise.

They waved a hand at me.Come, Carsa.It was an animal.

I snorted at that.You know as well as I animals have not lived upon this planet in centuries.

Carsa, please.I do not wish to be back at this dwelling after the moon cycle.I wish to visit the apartment building the instructors promised us.Do you not as well?

I am going to go see what it was.You may come with me if you wish.

Xarlot sighed, and for a moment I thought they might stay where they were, then they also pulled themselves up onto their hands and shuffled forward next to me.I felt excitement thrill through me as we ventured into the next room.When still young, a Qaath could not wait to go on their rotation.To explore a new world.However, to be here was to realize that perhaps rotations were not the adventure we had always thought.Nothing more than sifting through piles of discarded items, until now.Another noise sounded, and Xarlot paused.Please, Carsa.Nothing is here.We have looked, now let us return to our assignments.

I shook my head, moving forward once more.I had seen something that last time.Just a flicker, and I pointed toward a door that had somehow remained intact all these years.I think it is coming from behind that door.Come, Xarlot, let us look!

No, Carsa, wait! 

She was too late, I grabbed the door and flung it open, then froze.The face that looked up at me from the form huddled on the ground was like the one on the video I had just seen.Except instead of clean and happy, this face was dirty and scared.Is that My voice cut out, and Xarlot came up next to me, quiet and incredulous as I was.It is not possible, They said, though their voice was low and filled with an excitement I hadnt heard since we had first gotten our assignment.The creature began to babble words we did not understand, and I reached out and took its hand in mine, giving it a reassuring smile.Though from the look on its face, I was not so sure I was as reassuring as I thought.Glancing back at Xarlot, I had to work to contain my excitement.Find the instructors.Tell them we have finally found one. I turned back to the creature, petting its long hair with another hand.A human to dissect."