HittmanA
For several minute, all that escaped the prone form of Jason, lying on the floor was WHAAAAAAAAA.

The huge demon standing in front of him did not approve.Its no surprise that Jason was scared; after all, the demons charred wings alone took up three-quarters of Jasons small kitchen.The remaining quarter of his kitchen was occupied by the blackened, yet imposing form of the muscular demon.You gonna scream some more? Silence was Jasons only reply.The demon scratched his head, trying and failing not to scowl I take it this is your first time seeing a real demon?Lets get this going why dont we?In two hours I have a strategy meeting on the use of baked goods in fulfilling **His** will.

Jason glanced around his kitchen.With his cabinets turned to nothing but splinters, his kitchen looked as if a bomb had gone off in it.Look what you did to my kitchen! Even if he was scared, he knew he should probably mask his fear with anger.He could be intimidating to, right?The answer was no.He was also so mad that hed have to spend money to get take-out tonight.The demon was also mad now.*What?!he thinks this is my doing?!* For a few seconds his previously grey body began to glow a dull orange, then a bright red.It took a few moments to get his anger back under control; but he just gritted his teeth and continued on, his skin returning to its normal grey.I didnt summon myself, you should know better.Remember to always summon Class IV demons in an area with at least ten feet by ten feet by ten feet of clear space!

Jason could sense that the demon was enraged, and he stepped back before he replied.What makes you think *I* summoned you?!I just wanted to make a casserole!My granny gave me this old cookbook, so I thought Id try this casserole recipe.

The demon shot Jason an annoyed look while he folded in his wings to make enough room to pace around.He tapped his chin as he pondered how it was he was summoned.A casserole?Did this casserole have any interesting ingredients?

Jason began pacing as well.He closed his eyes and tried visualizing the ingredient list.He had clearly forgotten that he held the recipe in his hands.Only if you count the blood of a young lamb slain during a full moon on the 13th Friday of a month as interesting. He pondered what he would be having for dinner now.Chicken Chow Mein?Tacos?Pizza?He knew he should focus, but the thought of a slice of triple cheese and meat pizza from Little Sicily made his whole mouth water.Dumbfounded does not come even close to describing the look on the demons face.It took several moments for the him to reply.How in the nine levels of hell did you even get that?!Why would you even think that was an ingredient!?

Jason simple shrugged.I dunno.I thought maybe it was some odd French thing. There was a moment of silence as the demon just stared at him in disbelief.The demon already knew the answer to his next question, but he asked anyway.youre not exceptionally bright are you?

Well I-  no Im not, said Jason as he hung his head in defeat.Well, now that I know the interesting ingredient I can tell you why Im here.You didnt just make a disgusting casserole, you also completed one of the most difficult demon summonings in existence.I am Acassias, Demon Prince of Casseroles and other similar baked goods, including but not limited to: pies, cobblers, and crackers! exclaimed Acassias as he made a grand sweeping gesture.Jason scratched his head.Huh, neat!"\---

Hey, let me know what you think of this story.Please leave some feedback!