casualfreeguy
Now everyone knows that old quote about the most dangerous game being man right?I don't really believe in it for a variety of reasons.It implies that animals can't be as smart if not smarter, that man should not respect anything that is not man.Most of all the quote references hunting, something I only approve of in the most dire of circumstances to improve the overall health of the ecosystem.Now, that all said and done, the quote comes to mind today because of what we're hunting.The doppelganger, aka.Me, I'm gonna go over to it and see if we can't get it to change into me.Now, there are several varieties of these things.You've got the sort that only have one form or at the very least keep one form.These are the subspecies called Mimics, most of em are carnivorous but can last years without a meal and subsist entirely off the moisture in the air.What we're looking for is called a Ditto.Harmless for the most part until in panics and struggles around.Most doppelgangers don't like to show off their default form and try to blend into their surroundings.The Ditto however is happy to socialize in it's pink neutral state and will only transform when threatened..... let's see if we can sneak up on this one and get a closer look, and he's a beauty, a bit smaller then usual but it's relatively unimportant to a creature that can....Uh oh, he's seen me!Wait... he's turned into the camera man!"CRIKEY BRUCE He's even got your camera!"
##########
Hell was a terrible place.I know that was an understatement but I felt that it had to be said and for the record Id like to also say that I dont deserve this.What was this might you ask?This, was being surrounded by history's greatest (or worst depending on your definition) killers in human history.They were all in a meeting, wondering what to do with me.We should throw him out. Yelled Hitler.He doesnt belong here!







Quiet you! Answered Emperor Palpatine.We need all the bodies we can get!
















Hey! I cried out.I like Hitlers idea!I dont belong in Hell at all!







No no no. A well dressed man answered.Hes not talking about throwing you out of Hell, hes talking about throwing you out of this building.







Uhhh.






Oh, where are my manners?I am Professor Moriarty, I am sure youve heard of my exploits?







I hadn't.Of course! He didnt seem to believe me but was polite enough to not show it.So whats so bad about outside?Fire?





No, something worse. The killers of every time period shuddered as one.Let me ask you a question, where do you think dogs go when they die?





Heaven?





Most of them, yes, now where do you think Wasps go?





It was then that I heard some buzzing and the shattering of glass.Moriarty for once seemed off put.Let me just tell you this boy, there arent just killers here in Hell, they also put in the ass holes, the pranksters and lets just say that somewhere in that mix Hell also got Wasp breeders.





Wasp breeders?Why the Hell would you want more Wasps?My vision was soon covered by a buzzing mess of rage and from then on I knew nothing but pain.
##########
"How?"I asked."How did you die?"There should've been four people, four separate people yet here I was, standing before a single person."I died because of you."He told me."After you saved me, after you sacrificed yourself, I couldn't live with it."I couldn't understand it, wouldn't, didn't want to."This shouldn't be possible.""But it is."There was no venom in his voice, only cold acceptance."You thought you were being kind but everything you did only served to hamstring me.""I died for nothing then?""Maybe, maybe not."He shrugged."I don't blame you if that makes you feel any better and in your position I might've done the same.""I'm..." Sorry?Was I?Sorry that he died?Sorry that I failed?Words failed me."It's okay, you can move on now."With that the tunnel revealed itself and when I turned to see my judge I found nothing instead.He was already gone.How was I judged?Would I find Heaven or Hell at the end of the path?Which one did I want?From there I took my first step through the tunnel.