Jacobawesome74
The day after i discovered the secret to immortality, I had gotten a letter in the mail.The envelope and paper were in red and the writing in a dark black.While hard to read I had a hunch it was the devil.I sat down to read his letter:

Charles Budworth, it has come to my attention that you have discovered an anomaly in the life cycle.Normally I would say congratulations, because those anomalies are always ways to kill humans.Thats where Mr. Nice Guy ends for you, however.Let me strike a new deal with you, Budworth.Give up on your immortality and pursue something different or face my wrath.There are no middlemen.I suggest you hurry your choice.Sincerely,
Lucifer IV.

Like hell I was going to give up on my greatest discovery, Lucifers letter only wanted me to go further down this rabbit hole, it had to be done.I made haste to the lab and was ready to make my secret go viral, until my email had gotten a message.Probably the devil again, most likely to say some satanibabble and how Ill be damned for all eternity.At the worst my immortality will wear off by the hundredth year, and by then Ill have lived a full life, he can piss off.I opened the vial full of my mix, and I wanted to drink it but..I couldnt.I just couldnt force myself to even down a drop.Was it the devils work?Likely.If so why was i receiving more emails?Why was I hearing phone call after phone call?Why was my doorstep overflowing with red letters straight out of a Harry Potter film?I had several questions; but maybe if I just drank my bloody vial maybe that two-horned bastard would finally shut up and just knock on my door like a civilized person.And so I did.Downed the whole bloody vials worth.Didnt feel anything yet but that was supposed to happen anyway.I had waited for five minutes by now, nothing still happening; until I heard a knock on my door.I got up to answer the door, lo and behold through my peephole was a dragons eye, surrounded by scaly red skin and a tar black brow with anger irradiating endlessly.BUDWORTH, he bellowed.ANSWER THIS DOOR.

Desperate to still have my head on my shoulders I put on my best old housekeeper voice; 

Sorry love, b-b-but mister badsworth is not here right now..c-can I schedule you an appointment with him tomorrow?? The exchange only angered him more.I WILL *NOT* BE DENIED, HUMAN.*ANSWER THIS DOOR!*

I unlocked my door, awaiting my now inevitable demise.I laughed nervously.Lovely day, eh Lucifer old chum? He had grabbed me while with just his hand, it was a miracle he even made it through my apartments corridors.T-tea? I hopelessly gagged.I HAVE NO TIME FOR YOUR PETTY PLANT WATER, HUMAN.

Good for stress, no?

YOUR ATTEMPT AT HUMOR IS SICKENING, AND FOR FINDING AN IMPOSSIBLE LOOPHOLE IN OUR DEAL YOU SHALL PAY THE ULTIMATE PRICE. An inferno had opened up beneath us.I could see it clearly that he was going to shove me down into hell by force.I probably deserve it, after all I did unnecessarily throw a bunch of crabapples at my neighbors as a lad.He raised his fist with me in it and i was heading for pitchforks and blazes.But there was strangely only one problem.I wasnt going down like he hoped.Lucifer attempted to shove me in again with no luck.W..WHAT!? He yelled.WHY MUST YOU TEST ME, HUMAN!?

I..drank the immortality thingy?

Lucifer growled.YOU WIN THIS ROUND, HUMAN.BUT I HAVE ANOTHER WAY TO PUNISH YOU, ONE THAT SERVES YOUR NEW STATE OF BEING.... with his free hand he snapped his fingers, leading to a flash of light.I awoke to the sound of cheery American pop music.The kind that was also really cheesy.It was also really crowded, making me feel boxed in.I tried to move but I was surrounded by some funny smelling plastic.I looked up to see some red and white writing, supposedly....oh.I saw what was going on, and it explained why I felt all greasy anyway.I think I was going to be in the back of the Twinkies aisle for a long long time.