withlovejag
Oh my goodness, noooo! exclaimed my mum from the kitchen.I jumped right out of bed and stumbled down the stairs worried that something had happened to my mother.She was already well into her late 50s and the doctor had told her to keep out of the kitchen as she tends to get a little clumsy sometimes.Mum, whaaa- I was stopped mid-sentence as I was greeted with the sight of my mother picking up the torn remains of the photograph of our family while my stepdad, Cole, stood next to her looking down furiously upon her.They both shifted their attention to me almost immediately.Mum, whats up? I questioned.Oh nothing sweetie.We were just talking. She replied me with an anxious smile plastered on her face.I never really got along with Cole but ever since Dad went missing, he was always there for my mum and they eventually got married.Cole was someone my dad met just a few months before he went missing.During that period, my mum, dad and he used to spend a lot of time together.They had become very close friends before the unfortunate incident took place.Although Cole did hang around the house a lot when dad was around, as an 8 year old I never really got along with him.He just did not feel right but after my dad left us, my mum confided in him and they decided to tie the knot.I was not opposed to it, whatever makes my mum happy, right?Why is that photo torn? I probed further.From what I could make out from the distance, it was the photo taken a year after my dad went missing.The photo had my mum, Cole and me in it.Nothing honey, you can go back to your room now. She responded.I could feel the slight frustration in her voice and that just made me even more curious.Mum, what is happening? I raised my voice.I did not want to upset my mum but it was just weird that all this was happening exactly today.It was the 10th year death anniversary of my dad.The last thing I wanted is to lose another dad on the same day.JUST GO TO YOUR ROOM MARCUS! she screamed at me.Fine! I spat, as the anger was building up in me and I spun and walked away but something just told me to stay behind and eavesdrop into the conversation.See!Look what you have done!You have raised suspicion!Is this what we did all of this for?Is this why you brought me up here?!I spent 11 years!11 years with you and your sickening son!I already told you to get rid of Marcus the same day you got rid of him but no!These people.. HA!People These... These just as Cole was shouting at my mum, I heard the garage door open.No one ever uses the garage door to enter apart from my dad.I quicken my pace and rushed into the garage only to see my dad walking in.My dad who went missing for 10 years 

My dad who has been missing for 10 years

Walking back into the house, like nothing has happened.Wearing the same clothes he did when he went missing 10 years ago

I stopped on my tracks and stared as the imposter stared right back at me.WHO ARE YOU?! we both exclaimed almost at the same time.Another minute of silence went by as tears started gather in my eyes.Is this some kind of sick joke?Who are you?Why are you dressed up like dad! I struggled to get my words out as I charged towards the intruder.Kiddo?Kiddo, is that you?What the heck happened?!I was only gone for not more than half an hour to get the ciggs Son, I have something to te- 

Before I could land a solid punch on his face, I collided right into his chest as he wrapped his arms around me.Its okay kiddo!Daddys back.Where is Colleen? 

I looked up at my dad, he had not aged a bit in the 10 years.I could not understand what I was witnessing but at the moment the only thing I could think of in his warm embrace was, I got my dad back.She is in the kitchen with Cole, I responded wiping the tears off my face.We both made our way back into the house.I had completely forgotten about the argument Cole and mum were having until I heard, but he appeared back!He took my place!That is not possible, there is no-  

James?! 

My mum looked like she had seen a ghost.Her faced had been drained of all the color while I saw Coles expression getting angrier by the second.I know who you two are and I dont know what you did to me.Now that I am back, I will not let that happen again! My dad said it with such anger and assertion that I almost did not notice him cocking his gun.Thats when I noticed that pieces of the photograph on the counter top.The photograph of us, it seemed like there was some sort of glitch.Coles face in the photograph was somehow merged with my dads.It was a weird sight, nothing I have ever seen before in my 18 years.I looked up from the picture, distracted by the screaming of my mum when I saw my dad about to pull the trigger on Cole and my mum.At this point, I was not thinking anymore.I did not know what was happening.My mind was racing; I could not let my mum die and let my dad go to jail.BANG!

The first shot went off, and I saw Cole slam onto the floor with a loud thud.Panic stricken, my hands instinctively moved cover to the drawer where my mum had hidden a gun for emergency uses only.Just as I loaded it, I turned back in time to witness my dad fire the second shot right at my mum before she fell colliding head first onto the marble floor.My whole body went numb at the sight of my mum lying on the cold marble floor, motionless.My dad would have never done that, was all I could mutter before I took the last shot.Tears streamed down my face.Son.. 

I love you.

Was all I heard before I fell to the floor.Thud.And everything faded to black.