squrpion
"You didn't think I would just leave, did you?"said the voice.Paul looked closer at the envelope."I mean...I can't say I was expecting you to pay up.""Honestly Paul, we've known each other for *how* many years?"Paul couldn't stop looking at the envelope.It had a green stripe printed down the right side and a plastic window pane in the bottom left.Looking closer at the window on the envelope, Paul could read "First Security Bank".*Aren't they just down the street?*, thought Paul."They *are* just down the street," said the voice, "Looks like you won't be needing to work for a while.Put your feet up, Paul!Enjoy unemployment while you still have it."Paul began carefully tearing the top of the envelope open."Well how much is in it?""See for yourself!"Paul dumped out the contents of the envelope on the kitchen counter.Countless dollar bills flooded the surface of the counter."Are these real- are these REALLY ALL HUNDREDS?"Paul started sweating."That's $13,000 Papa Paul.It's time for you and me to finally relax a bit."Paul could hear the sound of a recliner leaning back."Go make yourself a cocktail, Paul, you deserve it."Paul could immediately hear the sound of an ocean.Waves crashed against a sandy shore.Paul could hear footsteps on the sand."Your drink Mr. V," said a female voice."Your name is Mr. V, now?"said Paul with a smirk."It's V for Voice.I'm your voice, Paul.I say the things you sometimes don't wanna hear, but you know they're true."Paul could hear the sound of Mr. V sipping on a cocktail.The sound of ice clanking against the glass made Paul's mouth begin to water."I suppose you're right."Paul gently gathered up his money and sorted it by thousands.Sure enough, Mr. V was right - $13,000 exactly."And when am I ever wrong?"asked Mr. V.

Paul gave an embarrassed laugh."I forget how useful you are sometimes.""Ahh, don't worry about it.I don't wanna hear it.You better go pay your rent - it's almost 8 o'clock."Mr. V took another sip of his cocktail.Paul glanced at the clock on his stove - 7:49pm.He quickly counted out four hundred, stashed it away in his jacket pocket, and left.Paul made his way down the stone pathway towards the quaint apartment office.Paul never felt so relieved to be walking to the office with money.He couldn't remember the last time went there without being on the brink of a panic attack.Last month's rent was a close call if it wasn't for that unemployment check.A hanging bell rang as Paul walked through the front door.An stern-faced woman with half moon glasses looked up from counting money."Hello Mr. Shavver, cutting it close again are we?"Paul smiled, "Don't worry Mrs. Moore, I come prepared this time."Paul reached in his pocket for the money, and felt nothing.