TurnipHead00
Why am I here? I stared at the girl laying on her couch.Her hair was slung lazily across the pillows as she turned to face me.Because I need you. She grinned and took another swig of her beer.Its the power of love.

I scoffed.We were fifteen.

Young love.

You dumped me. 

She shrugged.It just happens, okay?Its not like I make you teleport here.

I rolled my eyes and turn to observe her apartment.Textbooks were scattered here and there, opened but ignored.Empty bottles were piled in the full recycling bin.Where are your roommates?Cant they help you? 

Vacation. 

Look Emma, I cant keep doing this.I have my own life.I cant just keep popping up whenever you need something.

No, not something.I need you. Emma looked up at me.Bags formed under her pink eyes.Jason, I know.Its been ten years.But sometimes, I just really need you.Only you.I think Im still in love with you.

I groaned.Do you know how annoying this is?One second Ill be doing my own stuff and then the next Im with my ex from high school.Its not like I live nearby either.

I know, I know.This will be the last time I promise.


Thats what you said last time.

Ill get therapy, I swear.

You cant afford it.

Blame tuition.

Okay, Im leaving.

Emma sat up.Jason, wait!Im sorry Im so needy.Theres just no one else I can rely on.No one listens to me anymore.My sister is half way across the country, Courtney is busy with boyfriend, and you know how my parents are. Her voice cracked.I just need someone to help me a bit, thats all.I know that it sucks but I cant help myself sometimes. She broke down into tears and reached for her beer.Gently, I pried it from her shaking hands.She gets me every time.Emma just manages to turn my frustration to pity.I sat down next to her and wrapped my arms around her.She leans into me, still sobbing.I sighed.Its okay. I rocked her for a little.When she calmed down a bit, I loosened my grip.I whispered into her hair that stank of perfume and alcohol.What do you need?

Can you set up my printer please?