sven_redbeard
Elon Musk spoke calmly and carefully, James, James, James.Dont you understand?You cannot slow progress. Elon was now staring down at a restrained James Bond.I am the change, I am the progress, and the world celebrates me for it. 

Mr.Bond listened stoically to his adversarys speech.He had been in similar situations many times before.Bound to a table, impending injection, this was nothing new for James.He remained unconcerned and listened intently to Elon.Your governments lack the vision of what our species *can* be.You are a part of the dying guard.So what if we have to sacrifice small part of the population.Logically, this is a small price to play for the survival and propagation of humanity. Confused by James seeming lack of interest, Elon snapped further, Are you listening Mr.Bond?You and your governments are ensuring the destruction of our plant.I am merely giving us hope.And you know what?The world loves *me* for it. 

Just as Elon ended his rant, James simply began to laugh.Through his tears of laughter, James began to respond, Youre all the same arent you?Its you!The righteous savior, he laughed again and continued, What a load of bollocks. 

Elon stopped, looked at James, and flashed a small closed mouth smile.Just as James was accustomed to being in difficult situations, Elon had become comfortable with people not understanding his grandiose visions.He jumped down awkwardly from the cat walk and now circled James.As he circled his prey, he began inspecting the restraints and the injection equipment to his left.He then looked up at one of his employees and asked, I assume the injection is ready? The man nodded back to Elon.Ok, James, here is whats going to happen.We are going to inject you with a serum.This is a special serum full of nanoparticles to systemically kill you from the inside out. Elon looked down at James to see if he was impressed.He could see a bead of sweat forming on Mr. Bonds brow.Elon began to chuckle and then said, Im just kidding!That is far too much work and to be completely honest, a complete waste of time.Were just going to inject you with potassium chloride. Elon grinned widely and then laughed abruptly.Elton Johns song Rocket Man started to play loudly in the large room.About seven meters from the table was the Tesla Roadster that James would soon be riding into the great expanse.Before James could struggle, a space suit began to envelope his body from the table.Elon looked on impressed with this touch.We dont even need to unstrap you to prepare this! Elon started to bounce with the beat as he watched his nemesis begin to formulate slight signs of panic.Elons employee went over to the injection apparatuses and began to set all of the parameters on the computer.When he was finished he looked up and asked Elon, Should I press the button? 

Elon shouted, NO! 

He wiggled more intensely with the beat and said, I want to do that, its my favorite part! 

Mr.Bond tracked him with his eyes as Elon shimmied closer to the computer.James remained stoic, ready to accept his impending fate.Au revoir monsieur Bond! Before he could press the button, he stopped and leaned into James, Wait... Can you hear that James?Listen closely.Can you hear it now? James gritted his jaw and looked up at Elon.Do you hear the applause?Do you hear the world applauding the beautiful progress that you are facilitating? 

Elon tiled his head slightly to the left, smiled wider, and pressed the button on the computer.A needle plunged deep into Mr. Bonds chest with incredible force.The fluid from the syringe began to empty slowly, and as it emptied, James began to convulse.Elon stepped away from the table and began to do his best John Travolta impression from the Pulp Fiction diner scene.He danced his way over to the Tesla Roadster.Elon shouted back to the table where James seemingly lifeless body laid, Come on guys, lets get this done!I have things to do. 
A handful of men unstrapped James from the table and began to carry him over to the Roadster.They all struggled trying to move him.One of the men walked over with Mr. Bonds helmet in hand.After they completed strapping him into the car, Elon grabbed the helmet from his employee.He placed it over Jamess head carefully.He then twisted the helmet gently until he heard a securing click.Looking on fondly to his work, he slowly kissed the visor of the helmet.After a moment, he moved back and turned on the cars radio to blast Space Oddity, by David Bowie.May this be our vessel of progress, may you be our ambassador to the stars, Mr. Bond. 

As Elon walked towards the exit, he relished the sheer simplicity of this part of his plan.Just as he exited, James eyes flashed open and he was covered in a hot sweat.Ironically enough, the nanoparticles that MI6 had injected did their job.He was just thankful everyone in the room bought his performance of a lifetime.He looked around, and began to assess his escape route.As he did, he could help, but think to himself, *Au revoir Mr.Bond?Is he serious?Hes seen way too many spy movies.*