Apothicos
-ICOS-... Apothicos?What the hell? The room bore a white and black aesthetic, and posters ranging from pop boy bands to hardcore metal groups supported this look.In the center of the space, which was rather cramped and messy with two beds taking up most of the space and clothes strewn across the floor, was a small, crappy wooden table and chairs set up around it.I GOT IT- I- I I have no idea what just happened. In front of the seven men, two of which had been yelling before their arrival, was a little girl and an older boy.The girl appeared to still be quite young, having just escaped the toddler ages.The boy seemed to be on the cusp of puberty.Where are they, Sarah? Asked the boy, his eyes shifting around the room as he pretended to sip tea.Oh!Right here, Ricky!All of them!All seven! She exclaimed, pointing in the direction of the man standing in the center of the group.Seven imaginary friends?Youre pretty creative to make seven.What do they look like? He asked, and as the girl began to roughly describe them to the best of her ability, they were drowned out by rage.Imagin- Man I wish a bitch would say Im make-believe.Im the realest out here. The man who called out *Apothicos* raised the handgun in his right hand and tried to put a bullet in the little girl.The shot went right through her, and didnt even leave a mark in the ground.LUCIA!Jesus!Calm down!Its just a kid! The young man who got it had run to lower the weapon before another could be fired.This is weirder than the time Huxley from down the road thought bull horns were just another pair of udders and tried to milkem.Ended up eatin through a tube after that. The southern drawl of a young man named Sorian admitted to how strange the situation was.Aye, Vin.This looks like a-

-a tea party.Were at a tea party.How we got from almost being nuked by a God of Fire to here is anyones guess. Observed a pair of young men, Alabaster and Vindel.The former was the tallest of the seven, and had an intricate tattoo across his bruised and cut bare chest.The latters body seemed to be covered in white, feather-like fur which had been dirtied and bloodied terribly.Cambia, I cant feel any energy.Infernal or Elysian.These children dont look like any gods I recognize either. Analyzed Djinn, a young man with skin alternating between healthy and terribly burned.Cambia, the man standing between all of them, had been paying attention to the little girl and the boy after he took account of the room.His smile evidenced that he found them and their setup adorable.He was just as confused as his comrades, but felt less threatened by the sudden change in scenery.Guys...Guys! Cambia shouted over their bewildered conversations to get their attention.Well figure out whats going on later.For now, lets see what Sarah has in store for us. He suggested.Most of the men agreed without complaint, and though Djinn was noticeably impatient, he settled to follow the suggestion as well.So, *Lucy*, you called him? Asked Ricky.Yeah!His name is *Lucia*, but *Lucy* is cute. Sarah confirmed.A few *awh*s came from some of the guys, and gun-toting gangster simply stood there embarrassed.Oh, alright.So, Lucy tried...shooting you, just now? The boy asked.Yep!Like Call of Duty!Except his gun is not big.He likes swords more.He can do math with it, and change stuff. She explained with grand gestures to emphasize the power of the sword....I guess mom was right when she said I have to stop playing the game around you. Ricky reflected, a bit ashamed of himself now.Yo.How does she know about my shit? Asked Lucia, suspicious.Well...were her imaginary friends, arent we? Asked Cambia.So, she knows us inside and out.Thats how she made us!Sarah, thats right, isnt it? He inquired of the girl.Yeah!Come sit in the chairs!Ionly have two chairs...Mommy said she was going to buy more once she got more money from work, but she also needs to buy food and stuff.Sorry. The girl admitted, though it didnt sound like she quite understood what she was saying.Cambia could tell she said this as if reciting it.His glance went to the boy, whose expression darkened from the girls explanation.Who is he, Sarah? The leader of the group asked while he and Djinn took seats, and the rest sat on the floor.They took their tea, and while struggling to figure out why sticking out pinkies was a custom they should follow, listened to the discourse.Oh!This is my brother, Ricky!Ricky is 12 years old.I am six years old. While she made the introduction, she got up and began to...move air?What are you doing, sis? Ricky asked, sounding tired of her new imaginary action.Just moving their stuff!Vinnie has a pole with a knife.And Cambia has a sword too, and a big bat, and stuff.Allie doesnt have anything, but his snakes are on the beds She went on explaining while the boys were astonished at how she knew their equipment, knew how to handle it, and how courteous she was being to a bunch of dirty guys who just teleported in from a war.A beep went off, and Ricky pulled a phone out of his pocket.He cursed under his breath.Sarah, I cant play anymore.Moms coming soon and i have to start homework before she gets here and yells at me again. He got up from his small seat and went towards the door.Ill keep playing with you later, ok?

Okay, Rick-...y... He closed the door before she could finish his name.Her vibrancy faded, and now she went about her tea party work with an attitude of solemn duty as opposed to one of excitement.The boys looked at one another, concerned, before one spoke up.Hey, Sarah, whats wrong? Apothicos asked, taking Rickys seat.Ricky has homework, so he cant play.He promised he would play, but he has homework.And mom yells really loud and gets mean when he doesnt do it. She explained while staring at her teacup.Sumn tells me dad aint in the picture.With how much stress moms got that shes yellin.Ive seen this too many times in the hood. Alabaster suggested among the guys beside him.In the meanwhile, Apothicos took off the black mask he usually wears, and showed his concern.Ooh, I see.I used to be like that with my mom and my little sister.But, trust me, Rickys not trying to be mean.Its just that things are hard and he gotta do what he gotta do. He patted her head, and gave her a smile.But, aye, you got us.We can be your big bros when Ricky aint around.

Sarahs smile began to grow back.Sorian took the cue and decided to add onto the happiness.Sarah, didja make this tea?Slaps harder than the hoof of Aunt Mileys stallion!

Yeah!Actually, I got the recipe from Peaches!!!She told me you like it!The Cowboy Special! She exclaimed.Peaches?Id be damned, she even knows mfuture wife!Shoot, I really am her imaginary friend! He went from sips to gulps now, but the tea never ended.Oh!Djinn!Djinn!No sugar for you. She pointed to his cup.Djinn took a sip, winced from the bitterness, but then smiled.Dang.Bitter with a bite, just how I like- Wait.Only Bella knows how to make it this way for me. Though usually the most dispassionate of the seven, this certainly put surprise on his face.Sarah.As you probably know, were very busy too Cambia began.Upon hearing this, the little girls face also began to lose its hype.But, while we do our work, well always be here for you, okay?Any time, anywhere you want to play, weve got you. He put his hand on hers briefly.It left a mark on the back.It looked like a heart made of a fox and a snake.Call on us any time, and well play with you.Thats a promise we wont ever break. 

Sarah was tearing up at this point.She was unsure of why she was crying, and tried to hide it, but Apothicos brought her in for a side hug and kissed her on the top of her head.He wiped his eyes while doing so.It sucks that the hood never changes wherever you go to. Vindel muttered, a bit downtrodden by his realizations.Ocourse it dont.But our job is to make it better for the ones livin in it. Sorian replied, patting Vindel on the back.Now, cmon.Get some o that tea.Bet she made it the way ymom makes it too.