PowerhousePlayer
"Welcome," said Mr. Bean.To the people he'd met in the last few years, the cold, cutting clarity of his voice would have been foreign, perhaps even unsettling.To the other four Horsemen, who knew Mr. Bean only as the insidious Disaster, it was almost reassuring."You're early," observed War, tossing a smartphone in her left hand like it was a live hand grenade: absolutely harmless, to *her*."Aren't I always?"drawled Mr. Bean.He looked at Pestilence."You're looking well, P."

Pestilence waved the compliment away with a pale, pox-riddled hand."I didn't think I'd make it here, to be honest.We'll have to thank Mr. Wakefield in person.""And Famine," Mr. Bean continued, grandly spreading his arms in a very un-Bean-like gesture.The skeletal, gangling Famine gave him an awkward bow, never once taking his eyes off him."And me," finished Death.Her face, as always, was invisible under the dark pool of shadow cast by her cowl.Between her cloak and the scythe she held, she alone looked the part of a Horseman, ready to ride headlong into the blood-soaked dusk.War looked straight at Mr. Bean and nodded appreciatively."You've been busy, Disaster."Indeed, the fruits of his latest efforts lay strewn all over the view of the city outside his apartment window.They could only assume that the rest of the city looked the same."I count fifteen dead," Death said."Three impalements, one beheading, six cases of lethal internal bleeding, two crushed skulls, and three drowned."The five of them paused thoughtfully.In the background, the faint sound of sirens could be heard."Those aren't very big numbers for a hurricane," War pointed out."It wasn't a hurricane," said Mr. Bean.War frowned."A flood, then?But those numbers are even worse--"

Mr. Bean shook his head."It wasn't a flood.""Then what caused this mayhem?"wheezed Pestilence.For a moment, Mr. Bean was silent.His eyes grew distant, and his shoulders slumped."Well," he said, sounding as if he were on the brink of the very *human* despair of being confronted by his own inadequacies as a person."I was trying to buy this sandwich."EDIT: Ah damn, missed the part where it said his name was Ignorance.Oh well.