RaelTheForgotten
Looking around he knew they wouldn't get out of it this time, the city walls were supposed to hold the monsters back but that stupid stupid king had sent his worst son here.Fine!The king needed to see how well his son could rule fine but don't get us killed in the process!Glancing up the sun was setting, soon the archers  wouldn't be able to aim and the new inventions would become impossible to maintain with the way the roads were, and that wasn't even the bad part, the daibeasts would get stronger and if they were unlucky maybe even a thousand-daibeastking could show up.Thinking desperately for anything he could do to help he was left helpless, he never got magic at most he could cast a little fireball or get a trickle of water.And.. he was scared.Running from the frontline he carried an injured mage with him, that wasn't deserting correct?Giving a cursory nod to the healers he made to run back but ducked behind the tents, "Think.." 

They were surrounded and already the townspeople that had been evacuated were probably dead..

And then it dawned on him, a long time ago he had a dream, nobody could tell him what it meant and it was vague but what if it was real?It wasn't clear now though even then it had been blurry, red and green all over the room like.. mas vomited his sister had said."But look the ceilings fine!"There was a tree inside, why?What was the point of it?Wood was important to either building or wands and fires.And little boxes all over the rug, "Go on open it," they were excited for this little box like everyone was in on it but him, he was curious wondering if there was coal.. no there'd never be coal given to a child coal wasn't valuable but the time to get it was far to long to be used in that way..

A terrifying roar came from the distance, looking back to where he had been posted there was a hole in the wall.. it had given in."Okay let's set up a demo world, yeah click there and ... okay now press B to run."Run, just get away from here before it's to late.And the rest came."VR... Maybe.. no that could never happen, I didn't take them off in the dream though... maybe?Please let it be real."And with that he kept running, he wanted it to be real but he didn't like his chances.