blacksponge
Meeting leader Jack Herwitz slammed his fist into the large mahogany conference table, inside the large meeting room with him, he had an assortment of other people named Jack, dressed in the standard attires of their trades.Its an outrage is what it is!Somebody has been killing us off! Herwitz yelled, scrutinizing the table full of Jacks.The aptly named Meeting of all Jacks had become a weekly affair as the number of Jacks killed had risen sharply over the last couple of months.On the wide wall behind Jack Herwitz, there was a projection of a couple colored graphs where you could see Jacks killed over time.Jack Baptista tried wiping out some sot in his gray plumber overall, Yeah!We Jacks need to stick together! 

All other Jacks around the table gave their two cents, Yeah!, Thats right! they said.Jack Calzoni embedded his axe in the table, muscles rippling beneath the red and black checkered shirt, I say we find him, and kill him!

Vehement agreement passed around the table.But how do we find him? Jack Dacosta, wearing a clean white shirt and a blue tie, said.Jack Herwitz pondered the question for a few moments, We need to lay a trap, he began, one of us needs to bait him, draw him out!

Baptista held up and arm, Ill do it, I volunteer, lets catch this mongrel!

The room full of Jacks quickly began sketching up a primary plan on a white-board to catch their killer, and before long they had something actionable.Blue lines showed a badly drawn Jack Baptista standing next to a car surrounded by smoke, having car trouble, and looking at the engine.Crude bushes in the background depicted the rest of the Jacks in hiding.The final panel showed them all stomping on their ominous killer, together.After agreeing to set the trap in the morning, they proceeded to talk casually for a bit before saying their farewells and their see you tomorrows

Jack Baptista was the last person in the room together with Jack Herwitz, See you tomorrow then, Herwitz!Well catch him, no doubt!

Jack Herwitz smiled and nodded, Right you are!Just one thing, do you have a moment?I want to ask you something about the plan.Dont want to send you in unprepared after all! Herwitz chuckled.Baptista walked next to Herwitz, standing close to the white-board Sure, what do you need?

Without warning, Herwitz stabbed Baptista in the throat with a hidden blade.What are you Baptista gurgled, words barely distinguishable.There can only be one Jack of all trades, Jack! Herwitz gleefully exclaimed, absorbing another trade into his internal repository.*****
Thank you for reading!###