ThanksForTheHeadsUp
Your German Shepard, a brown and black dog(sorry dont own a dog so i cant do a better description of his fur pattern) who saved my son.This is his story, the story of my sons savior.The story of a hero when no one else could or would be one because of the circumstances.The story of your dog, Henry.Thank you.so much.My wife, and me, in our late 30's were scared, stuck out side our home as it burnt down in front of us.Barely Getting out alive the blaze tore up our house so fast we had no clue what to do in the chaos that ensured but try to get out.Save our lives.We would always hate ourselves for our self preservation but in the moment we had no clue what was going on, what ended up hating ourselves for this.. there is no excuse.yeah.. were shit parents.i can.. never... admit this... to...him, our son.We knew we left our son behind in h is crib but there was nothing we could do after we realized this after the fact.My wife Maria crying on her knees, pulling at me and begging for someone to go JUST go inside and save our son as we realized what we had left behind, me holding her back but wanting to run inside just as much if not more as her, and crying so hard i knew the futility of doing so.With our SON trapped inside a blaze we both knew there was no going into and coming out of alive we were unable to make a decision.Knowing we were shit parents the longer our decision took to make.The blaze held our son in a crucible of fire and we swear we could hear him screaming in his crib.When suddenly we.. thought.. we saw a... Brown flash, quick, like the wind, no cops or firemen could even stop it, even acknowledge it, they just said we needed to stand back and let them do their job.they were just as confused as us by it but wouldn't acknowledge what they may have seen.. We hear the sounds of timbers burnt and weakened by fire from the insdie of our house and hearing everything we paid for and worked hard for our whole lives  for crash down in just a flashing moment,  but in that moment we think nothing of the flash of what ended up being fur and honestly heroics.We hear the cry of our son from inside the burning timbers and housing, we cry harder knowing its real this time and not in our heads, we wring our hands, hold our heads together, and cry harder knowing there is nothing that can be done, knowing that its futile to run inside and die amongst the blaze trying.knowing we are shit parents for understanding this.Suddenly that blown flash happens again, we smell smoke, burnt fur on the wind?no were just hoping and delusional as we cry our eyes out holding each other, and we hear.. our crying son.this time.its in front of us.crying.we can not believe our eyes.he.is.alive.a smoking bundle of blanket and his crying visage.Shawn.our SON.is ALIVE.we have who to thank for?not the fire men, they couldn't get inside the blaze, no one, not any one could get inside this blaze.The brown flash is all i can think of.no one else would go inside and save our child.they all said it was impossible as t hey held us back.NO MATTER how much we tried.we... knew.. they were.. right... it was going to kill us as a couple, kill us as parents and ruing us for life but... here our son was..Here he was with the smoke in my eyes coming off my sons blankets, hardly beleving he was alive, saved, by you Henry, THANK YOU SO MUCH.You risked your life for my son and i will always thank you for that.THANK YOU.WE my whole FAMILY thanks you.So much.Thank you for allowing us to be a whole family still.For putting your life on the line for someone youd idnt know.thank you for saving us.Thank you.