eros_bittersweet
How come you get a month, huh? Gluttony was complaining to me, as he stuffed his face with Doritos.Im under attack these days.Im not celebrated with a parade and people waving flags around.

Oh, for Gods sake, I groaned at him.As if you arent celebrated.Have you walked by an ice cream parlour lately?Have you heard of a little something called the Cronut?

Doesnt count, he said, waving an orange-stained hand at me dismissively.Those are fancy foods.There are thin people in those lines to get a Cronut, and theyre gonna go run 5 miles later to work it off.Nah, Gluttony is more like sitting around eating crap you dont even want to eat, but it makes you feel good for five seconds and then when you hit the bottom of the bag you feel just awful about yourself.

Ugh, I said, recoiling at this image.I cant imagine who would lower themselves to do that  

Because youre Pride, interjected Envy, her green eyes gleaming angrily.Youre literally better than everyone.

I motivate everyone to be proud of what they are.

Well, most of us are shit, snapped Wrath, flicking his switchblade open and cleaning his nails.Most of us are shit, and act like shit to each other, and then I come along and give them some justice.

Nah, bro, you make them kill each other. 

Like I said  Justice.

Your problem-solving skills are weak as hell, bro, complained Lust.You drive people apart.I bring em together.Much more effective as a vice, if youve gotta have one  giving people a good time.

So they can bang and then have serious regrets the next morning, I teased.Because they dont have enough 

We *know,* interjected Envy impatiently.They lack Pride.Pride, pride, pride!You know, youre the only one of us who doesnt have a shit reputation- 

Not true! interjected Sloth.Everyone loves me!

Everyone loves the *animal*, I corrected him.Not you.

The sloth was named after me.Then a white lady decided to cry about how cute I am on the Ellen show, and from then on, everyone decided to love me.

They dont!

They do! 

There are about a thousand titles on how to overcome you! I reminded him.Theres self-help books, and time-management apps, and deadlines and life coaches, all fighting you.

And I win, usually, he shrugged.And sometimes I win by making people watch two hours of baby sloth videos on the internet at three a.m. What can I say?Its great. 

So I dont get what youre all complaining about, I told the rest of the crew, who had assembled specifically to trash my good name.Because the truth is, while the rest off you might lack some PR or whatever, everyone *does* celebrate the rest of you.Sloth has the whole self-care thing, where people slow down and get nothing done but feel happy about themselves, for whatever reason.And greed  Greed is just about a literal God these days 

Shut up, Greed murmured.Some other celebrity is just bragging about their new private jet on twitter, and I want to enjoy winning over the rest of you sorry lot.

Youre an asshole, I told him, and he shrugged.the rest of yall are just poor, he said.And we could not argue.Anyway, the rest of us run this town, too, I reminded them.Lust is celebrated in every bar in the world; on Tinder and Grindr and Instagram  

Hey, interjected Envy.I own Instagram.

That you do  and facebook 

Dont effing talk to me about facebook, she said.I supposed she was rather miffed at its decline in popularity.And snapchat, I said appeasingly.And snapchat, she echoed, the faintest smile curling her lips.Thank the deities for snapchat.

And Gluttony has the food trucks  

If youre proud of eating it, it doesnt count, he reiterated.And that restaurant in Montreal where they serve fries cooked in duck fat.

Ok, that counts, he said, with a laugh.See, I said triumphantly.All of you have something.You dont need a month.Anyway, this month isnt about the sin of pride anyway, I tried to explain.Being proud of who you are isnt a sin.Not if youre disenfranchised.

Oh, here we go, moaned Envy.Hero of the downtrodden; champion of the oppressed.Gods, I think Im going to be sick if I hear that speech of his one more time.

Its just accidental that I have a month, rather than other things.Envy has most of social media, and she tag-teams with Greed whenever some mogul releases another self-help book on how to make a bazillion dollars 

I do make people strive for more, she murmured seriously.All the damn time.

And wrath has every war in existence, and every murder.

And the entire justice system, he said.Nothing pisses off people more than re-living the crimes thatve been done to them, and nothing makes people more wrathful than rotting in prison, and nothing makes innocent people madder than the thought that murderers are alive while  

We get it, I interrupted.So, you dont really need a month, now, do you.

Listen to him, complained Envy.He doesnt get it at all.

They each wanted a month, and that was that.So they excluded me from their company, and huddled their heads together, whereupon they settled on an official division of their talents through the monthly calendar.Gluttony got December, as this was only natural, given its congruence with Christian holidays, though there was some talk of a satellite festival for Ramadan.I dont know if greed counts at night if you fast all day, he said, But Ill take it. So Gluttony got December and Ramadan.Sloth got August, that month of food festivals and summer laziness.But in the southern hemisphere, I get January, he said, and no one complained.Lust got May in springtime, the specific month in which girls start wearing short shorts and everyone unveils their supposed summer bodies, though there was a good argument made for April, that month in which every man decides to perform one-armed curls while staring at himself in the gym mirror so that he might stand flexing on a beach someday.Why not both? he said, and the rest agreed.Wrath got January, that month of December bills, and also a set of two weeks in summer  time unspecified, so it was a moveable feast of wrathfulness.Humans would know it when it was too hot to move or think and the AC broke down at home and their workplace was cooled to the temperature of an iceberg and their boss placed them on an insane summer project with uncertain cumulative moving deadlines and poor management.Wrath thought this seemed an appropriate celebration of individual, rather than patriotic, rage, and was content.Greed was indifferent.He truly was omnipresent: there when the wealthy wined and dined on summer terraces, and when they holidayed at winter chateaus.He was there at tax time, at Christmas when it is too lean and also when it is too luxurious.But finally, June was declared his month: that month of weddings, in which we are stricken with hatred for the rich wedding ceremonies of our friends, during which they also force us to spend a thousand dollars on travel, bridal attire, and presents; during which we also compare ourselves to the grooms cousins brother, whos done very well in finance and drives a Ferrari.Or else when these friends are hippies who live on a farm and are too good for everyone, and they get married on hand-carved wooden chairs arranged in the forest while looking ethereal and being visited by deer, it is also an occasion for greediness over other peoples better-seeming priorities.Thingsll be different from here on in, declared Envy.And Pride is right  we need better PR.If it werent for me, no one would ever better themselves 

Or make more money, said Greed.Or stop and smell the roses, said Sloth.Or stand up for themselves instead of being a little bitch, said Wrath.Or hook up and find love, said Lust.Or watch Guy Fieri on TV, said Gluttony, to the general laughter of all.Standing apart from the group, I smirked to myself.Oh, the rest of them, with such a high opinion of themselves.If they were the same as me, who would ever dare to claim those names they wore: Envy, Wrath, Greed, Gluttony, Sloth?It was unthinkable.I had work to do, in truth, and so I left them.I wasnt at the festival of brightly-waving rainbow flags  oh, my name was, but that was not really me.I had to make someone believe they were too good to ask for help; I had to stop their tongue from confessing how they hurt; I had to make them lie to their friends and neighbours about how they were doing; I had to half-starve them before Id let them admit they were broke as hell.I was, in fact, worse than all the rest of them put together.So let me have my name upon this month of being proud.I was too busy pushing people to distance themselves from what they were not, to care for the honour.r/eros_bittersweet