ZwhoWrites
*If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands (clap clap)*

*If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands (clap clap)*

Hes singing it.He is actually singing it.The Grim Reaper is singing If Youre Happy.And hes not the only one doing it.There are 20 or so dead people here, and just like me, they stand in pairs in a line behind him.Its just like the kindergarten, when we waited to cross the road, all over again.Except, now were waiting for Charon and his boat to take us across the river, to the Underworld.Grandpa was wrong when he said I'm not afraid of death i'm afraid of dying. Being dead is very scary, but for different reasons.Timmy, is something wrong? The Grim Reaper says.Why are you not singing?

My name is Timothy, or Tim.No one calls me Timmy.He puts his bony hand over the black hole under the hood where his face should be.Should be, because there is no face, just a black gaping hole, covered by an oversized black hood made of thick cloth.There is a circlet over the hood, made of wire coated with plastic and shiny red, blue and green LED lights that blink.It looks like lights grandma put on a Christmas tree.The circlet LED lights do not penetrate the inside the hood opening.The Grim Reaper has no face.Please, tell me whats wrong, Timmy?Im trying-

Ermm nothing.Everything- is fucked up -is great.Im just not a good singer.

Oh, he says, and snaps his finger.I have an idea.How about this?

He hands me a pink pom-pom which was in his other hand.Its only one, but I think it will be okay.I don't think you'd like the scythe.You're not the type, I can tell.

He motions with his hand, encouraging me to shake the pom-pom, which I do.Great!Just one tiny detail, he says and reaches into the pocket of his black robe and pulls a yellow sticker.He sticks it to my chest, right next to a blood-covered protruding steel pipe that killed me half an hour ago.There!Now were golden! The sticker is of a smiley face.The guy with blue shirt standing next to me, called Robert judging by his name tag, grins.I think its cute, Robert says in a raspy voice and blows me a kiss.He also rolls his eyes, but its his neck that catches my eye.There is an 8 inch kitchen knife stuck stuck in it.How-

She missed the vocal cords, Robert says, Im really fortunate.I mean, yeah, it would have been better had Lindsay not killed me, but at least I dont have to listen to my bitch wife constantly whining about bills.At least she'll rot in-

Tsk, tsk, tsk! The Grim Reaper says.Bobby, only happy words!Remember?Were all happy here, right?

The others murmur unenthusiastically Yes.

Great!So, my friends, The Grim Reaper shouts,Lets all sing together.

*If you're happy and you know it, then your face will surely show it*

*If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands.(clap clap)*

Okay, stop.Hmm This is not right," he says, "Timmy, you need to sing too.

But I dont want to.Why?

Well, I need that pom-pom.Youre just not doing it right, Im sorry.You're shaking it wrong.Not enough energy.Also, if youre not singing with us, you might get lonely.

What?I grimace, but he reads it wrong.Yeah, exactly Loneliness is terrible.It really is, I know.I was the first human to die.Can you imagine that?Just walking down here, all alone and sad.Its worse than death.So boring.No one to talk to.

I nod.Hes crazy.Im dead and Im talking to The Grim Reaper and he is batshit crazy.Robert sighs and a stream of blood squirts from his neck onto my face.Yuck!Its story time, Robert whispers.I hate story time.

I wipe the blood and focus my attention to The Grim Reaper....and then I learnt that there are others like me.You know, dead souls wandering around lonely.It shocked me to the core!God can be cruel sometimes, he says and pauses to sigh.But then, one day I decided to change things a bit, so I came to the Gate, to the pooch-

The pooch? I say

Cerberus.Hes such a sweetheart.Deeply misunderstood.So, I approached him and asked him if he would call me when the new guys come.See, I had other things to organize.I still have.The concerts, after-party, catering I cant just sit at the gate, waiting for people to come!Anyways, he was very helpful, and I got him three bells as a thank you gift.Maybe youve noticed them, yeah?Around his collars? He points to his neck, and so does Robert, to his neck and the knife stuck in it.Robert also rolls his eyes again.Really, The Reaper continues,I couldnt do this all without the pooch, he is the best dog Ive ever seen.Oh, are you following it?I see your face, maybe confusion?Concern, no?

I dont follow him, but what the hell...I nod affirmatively.Good.Anyways, Its much better now, down here.Cozier.No one wanders alone anymore.And when Charon takes us across the river, thats when the true party starts!Its like being at a never ending concert.Think Woodstock, but bigger, better and more modern.The Woodstock was what inspired me, you know.There are multiple stages, great music, sky with artificial stars, like in Harry Potter.We have Elvis, Ritchie Valens, Prince.Even Kurt Cobain, we stitched him up, you know. The Grim Reaper motions at the black hole in place of his face.Gunshot wounds, just terrible.Dont worry, hes cute.Also, we have great stage lighting.And fireworks!Even cheerleaders!Those are my favorites.Also, the food is great.Everything from McDonalds, prepared by the original McDonalds brothers, to *nouvelle cuisine*.You should check *L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges*, Paul prepares amazing dishes there!

Who is Paul?Paul Bocuse?Anyways, Charon is here, The Grim Reaper says, pointing to a cruise ship that just appeared out of nowhere.The ship is decorated with colorful lights, there is a pool on top deck with yellow umbrellas and skinny girls in bikinis and Mariachi band is playing happy music.I put some decorative touches on his boat too,  he says, proudly.Shall we?Trust me, you've seen nothing yet!