xJek0x
I'm going to work, using the public transports.I used to use my car but now I dont, not that I cannot, but I just like it that way.People stares at me, look at me like a paria, whispers are spoken when I walk, the video-ads running around the panels are all about me, me, the center of the world.... but I dont notice, I'm used to it, and I don't really care.The world is still as shitty as it has always be, corruption, war, no new half-life.And here I am, last smoker of planet earth.Who would have guess ?Not my family apparently, we're not in touch anymore since they are just like everyone else, rude, obscene.My Friends have, for most left me alone, except 2, one dude who's studies are all about sociology and who see me as the perfect dude for his "mmoire", and a dude which is the only one who know the secret.What secret ?Hum, thinking of it makes me smile, until someone spit at me."Yeah headshot" I say, taking off my glasses and wiping my face, again.Yes.... again.....It is not the first that shit like this has happened.What do you think the whole world do everyday ?They talk about me for sure, thrashtalk about my bad choices, my long term suicide, my "stupidity".Do you think strangers wich I cross road with are angry at me ?Yes they are, but they havent hurted me physically to hard yet, it has happened sometimes, but it seems that it stopped.As I'm thinking all that to myself, I'm already half way to work, sitting on the subway.Yes every morning I'm in automatic mode, my brain think of things while my legs walks all the way to the right place, that is indeed due to the habitts."Mtro Boulot Dodo" as they say.Fuck that monotomy, I get off my sub 1 stop before my usual one, like the big ass rebel I am.Smilling to myself again.Then at the top of the stairs, I take one out, light it up, and release the pressure.All while a Hobo asking for change stop whatever he's doing and start packing his stuff.....

"Why are you doing that mate, afraid of me ?""... Oh no, Its just that no one is going to come around if you are here"

And indeed I kinda acted like a shark in the Middle of fishes, except for that Hobo, who was actually not mean to me at all."Oh yeah sorry bout that, don't worry you don't have to do this, I'm not staying"

"Oh no, I'm not going away because you are scaring people or me, I'm going away because I feel bad when I see you....
Society threat me like shit, yes, but I'm pretty sure my life isn't as shitty as yours, being the center of all the hate like that...I don't know how you still manage to walk among us...."

Shit, he knows ?"Ahem, yeah, no, I just dont give shit, you know"

" Dont serve me that plate, I already had it before, I'm not stupid you know, I know when someone don't fit in, and you....I don't....

You are actually fitting, and thats the problem, people just see you as the target.Long time ago they were religions, skin colors, etc.Now everyone is United against a common enemy.You.""... Yeah okay, gotta go mate, see ya around"

So I said my goodbyes, gave the man a bit of money, and went on my way.Indeed that was my secret, for 4 years now the World had been a better place for most of people.Still War and shits, but as the man said, citizens don't hate their black/white/christian/islamic neightboor anymore, they thrashtalk together against me.That was my purpose, my lit' secret only known by me, and the dude... That Hobo who's now my everyday stop, talking and smoking on his side is refreshing after all, I forgot what it was to socialize."Should I quit ?"I asked my Bud one morning."Don't know kid, you seem to be able to go all the way down the road this way, you'll be remembered as the stupid man who never quitted, I will see you as the man who tried not to quit, wether you do now or not.""...."

"But you gotta know man, seeing you coming everyday in a cloud of smoke, is quite something, your a magnet, and as people are not comming 3 meter close to you, I'm part of something...time changes, even if I havent seen you yet I know you are around because people are going away, and it feels safe....I do feel like a VIP, with bodyguard on its side...."

"Hum.... well.... see you tomorow Mister president."And once again I left my bud for another day, seeing him disapear in the crowd as I walked away.*Mister president, huhu, I believe he'll laught about that all day*

And that day I started to smile again, for the one people who gets it, and the ones who do not."Mtro-Boulot-Dodo" once again, but now Its better.