IZZI_13
They said I was crazy.. That Ive watched too many scifi movies.. A real scientist wouldnt waist his Time in pursuit of the impossible.I didnt listen to them, I never did.I knew I could figure it out.Knew that if the impossible was possible I was the one to find it.There were times over the years that I thought to myself maybe they were right and its just not possible.After so many failed attempts one would start to think that way.Maybe I should stop this nonsense and move on.Maybe there is something better I should be putting my mind to instead of time travel.So I would walk away for a few days but something in the back of my mind would keep nagging at me to continue that there was something I needed to discover, something that was just a bit out of reach that I was getting closer and closer to, and I needed to find it.Here I now stand basking in the glory of my creation.Time travel was possible and I was the one to find it.Growing up I was always fascinated with King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.Why not start there.Take a couple of days and live out a childhood fantasy.Everyone deserves to do that once in a while right.I had been preparing for this day for years now.Taking some time away from my research to hit up some renfairs.They were fun and a nice escape for me.I picked up quite a few different outfits.Joined in with the crowd getting into character, playing along like this was all accurate for the time period.But now the time had come to really experience what that time was like.I had everything I needed.My renfair outfit was perfect.Nothing to high class looking.I wanted to blend in.I didnt have any aspirations of going back and becoming a king, conquering the world, or anything like that.I just want to look around for a bit.Get the lay of the land so to speak.I had packed a satchel with a few snacks and jerky.Not having any money of the time period was going to be a problem, and I wasnt really going to stay that long on the first trip anyway.So the snacks will do.I approached the time portal and prepared myself as best I could for what was going to happen once I stepped in.I felt a little apprehensive almost like I had a bad feeling about this, but my calculations were sound and I had come this far.There was a flash of light and the next thing I know Im zipping through this vortex at incredible speed.It reminds of some old movies my parents showed me.They had watched it with their parents when they were younger as well.I think it was called lightspeed, warpspeed, or something like that.What I see before my eye is fascinating.Its truly beyond words the best way I can describe it is like being in a kaleidoscope.Colors coalescing into multifaceted shapes and patterns.But even that doesnt do it justice.The next thing I know there is another flash of light, the portal closes, and I land with a thud on solid ground.Excellent Dude! I hear in unison."Welcome to the medieval times!

Wait Excellent Dude Thats not what I expected to hear when I arrived.I slowly make my way to my feet and take a look around.Something must have gone wrong.As I pan around I can see a lush forest landscape.I was taken back by the sheer size and majesty of the trees.The morning sunlight was shining through the trees like rays of light.I can see two young men.Probably in their late teens maybe early twentys, suited in armor but without their helms on.One has a sort curly blonde hair.The other one a mopey head of black hair.How did you know I was going to be here?

Oh.Our buddy Rufus said we should meet you here. says the blonde haired one.Yeah, cause like you took a bogus journey and met a most heinous end as you got stuck here because you forgot this

The black haired one reaches out and hands me my portable portal device.Oh Shit!I quickly reach into my satchel and frantically search it.How could I have been that stupid as to forget this?Its my only way to get home.I was so lost in the moment of finally discovering time travel that Wait how could this Rufus guy know I forgot my return portal device, and tell these two where to find me?Who are you?""And who is Rufus?"Im Bill S. Preston Esquire!

Im Ted Theodore Logan!

And together we are WYLD STALLYNS as they both break out into playing Air Guitar.What!

"Rufus is our friend from the future.""He came back in time to help us with our history report.""You see our band.""Wyld Stallyns!"They say in unison, is important to the future."We wanted to make this most triumphant video with Eddie Van Halen, but we had to pass our history report first.

Or my dad was going to ship me out to military school.

Bogus They say in unison.

"With Rufus's help I didn't have to go to military school and our band stayed together."So how did you get here? I ask.While we were at the Circle K doing some research for our report, Rufus shows up in his time machine, we meet our future selves, who convinced us we should go with Rufus, and weve been on this most excellent journey through time taking historical figures back to San Dimas for our history report.

Weve meet Napoleon, Billy the Kid, Socrates,a bunch of other notable figures, and the princesses.

"So we all hoped in the time machine, gave the historical figures a tour of San Dimas, and then totally nailed our history report

Yeah so Rufus shows back up later at my house in the time machine with the princesses and we came back here to get married

Hey, we should be getting back to the princesses Ted.

Oh yeah, catch ya later dude

Catch ya later Bill and Ted I reply as they ride off.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is my first time writing a story, but this topic inspired me and I had to write this.I hope you like it.