wobbleside
The sky was stained red, a splattering of dying orange tinged the shifting clouds as purple faded to grey.The sound of water lapping the shore, soft creaking of aged wood and the smell of briney, earthen mash brought back memories to a place all but forgotten for decades.What.. why here?What happened?This is  a memory. I had never been here, well not the person I am now at least.I never came back, for years after I left I promised I would just to see how things had changed but never did.I missed the smell, part decaying organic matter, part fresh salty sea spray.Not all together pleasant, not unpleasant.This is a joke right.. END SIMULATION!END SIMULATION.MOTHERFUCKING SAFEWORD!  Nothing..The wind started to pick up as the the last bloody red fingers of the sun vanished.Another smell, wet, tingling, ozone.A distant rumble and crackle from the east, storm blowing in off the ocean.I always loved them.Not what you expected?I suppose not.. You never were one for judgement.. Or belief in something after. A voice that was distantly familiar but I couldnt quite place crept up behind me.Is that what this is?But..I.. so much for continuity of self.Well.. this is awkward.And confusing. I shook my head and sat down against the chilly aluminium bench bolted to the dock.You dont say?You could not stop for Death..  Another voice, more familiar replied as a figure silhouetted in black ambled confidently down deck and joined me on the bench.So he kindly stopped for me.I fucking hated Dickenson that poem was so morbid. I replied.But it struck a chord and snuck in your memories.. Like this place.You described it to me once.. And I recall some beautiful photos from it.. Before you gave that up. She was taller than anyone else hear and I hadnt heard her voice in years but there she was standing in front of me with her half smirk and short cap.So this is not some weird garbage collection dream.. Or artifact of transference or loading room? I asked looking around before I sighed and leaned back.The wind picked again, shaking the leaves of the trees on the shore.Sadly no did you know I had to fight your lil-Bro to get in here..He was fucking mean.. Shame what happened there. The final voice sent chills up my spine.It was mine..But deeper, filled with discontent and anger.You died but I guess that soulless copy gets to pretend to be you until it gets bored of that.. Like you did of me. 

So why here?I wasnt.. Well I never thought of this place as.. The words got stuck in my throat.Because you started here and plotted to kill me here though you didnt know that then. The other me.The person I never became growled, chiseled and fit, angry and firm.This place was a retreat.. Where you decided to become someone else even if it took you a decade or two to get there. 

So why?  I shook my head, apparently I didnt escape dead.Judgement.. Why else?I mean.. We all know you never believed in something after but that doesnt mean you escape Judgement.But shall we move things along?  The black robed figure spoke again finally and from some ancient memory I managed to dredge up a name.Father Jeffery?What the fuck..Seriously.. Why are you my judge, please tell that doesnt mean God exists.. Or that..  He cut me off before I could finish.Not exactly no and no..  Im just an arbiter, neutral party and no not the way you are thinking, dont worry.Turns out everyone is wrong..Almost but the Golden Rule is a good one.. He finished and then motioned to the figures in front of me as the storm started to blow in, a line of rain just visible in the last eyes of twilight.They are here to do the judging.. Shall we move things along?Looks like a storm is a coming..   

The shadow swaddled figure stood up from the bench and pulled down her hood and to my shock the last face I saw in a mirror confronted me.You could be so much more.Why cant you focus?What is wrong with you?You are such a disappointment..If only you had done this or that or Why are you here?Harsh words.. You could be so cruel to yourself.. Sure there were others but we werent overly cruel really to anyone but ourselves.We are very good at that.. She thrust out her hand and slowly turned her thumb upward.But not so much that we dont deserve a chance to be better.. 

The shadowy figure wearing my face gave one last tired smile before fading into the dying grey skies."Looks like is is all mawr time.. Oh look..So uh.. Like..I know you saved a few lives but those people didnt know you and well you didnt know you then but really despite some of the bad times we had you saved me.I wouldnt have become the person I was without you to provide that.. Rock.. that kind listening voice to help steady me.I loved you.. Maybe more than you loved me but you saved me from myself and help build the person that I became.Also Kelsey would like you to come visit later so she can smack you.. Or maybe just push you into bed for old times sake.Either way.. You were far too kind to me for the way I treated you when we were together.. And you saved me from me..So one and half thumbs up.. She laughed and turned stuck both hands out then turned her thumb and stubby thumb up.I still remembered coming home from work that morning to blood everywhere and then rushing to the hospital with her car, meeting Kelsey over her bedside and staying up all day and through all the surgery from that mess.Oh look at that wow..So fucking cute.Anyway My turn I guess..So looks like they scraped the bottom of the barrel for this one.Good thing, makes you less of an evil witch if Im here. The last figure spoke up, I remember that voice.I remember when I spoke like that, looked like that.So you killed me..They dont call it *Dead-naming*  for nothing.Killed me with pills and patch while I was still trying to figure out what sort of man I could be..But I guess.. You turned out pretty alright..So maybe that was okay.Even emo you seemed happy in a way I never remember feeling for those 21 years before you decided to kill me. The angry young man I remember laughing about and crying over looked me in the eyes before flashing a shit eating grin, grey stained teeth I had long ago replaced and golden green eyes I hadnt seen in years lighting up as the rain started to hit the deck, Go be a dragon or something..Nerd.You did pretty okay.I might of fucked things up. He laughed and presented his thumb up.Well that settles it..The ups have it.. You dirty sinner.Though wow..I would have never fucking guessed the whole lady thing last time I saw you.. Looks good on you.I think we can wrap things up. Father Jeffrey gave me that annoying, smug, I know something you dont grin I remembered from high school as the storm washed over me and when I glanced around everyone was gone but him.So thats it..?What now? I didnt notice the cold wind slicing through my soaked clothes as I shouted over the heavy droplets pounding the deck and booming of thunder overhead.Father Jefferys robes whipped around him before he shrugged, Thats for you to decide but take it slow.. Then maybe go visit some old friends.. Or dont.You have eternity.No need to rush it.Before you ask you know who is here.. Im sure theyll love to see you when you are ready.He chuckled softly before slowly fading into swirling rain.What the hell, well not really hell.I shook my head and looked around as the storm howled around me before my laughter became the booming of thunder and I stretched my wings, testing the wind.Id always dreamed of flying for as long as could remember..