ridesunburst
Weve got the bastard this time. Agent Ray Marsh didnt bother to hide the venom in his voice.In was the only sound besides the static of the CCTV.His knuckles were white as he clung to the chair and stared hard at the monitor.I dont think he even sees me, all of his attention is on the cursor hovering over the play button.Its more of a grimace than a smile plays over his face, This time, Laura, this time well get a face.

Dont you find it strange? I need to ask the question before we begin.He glances at me reluctantly, Laura, what are you bullshitting about?

Thats Special Agent Smith to you. I scoff at him, Im bullshitting about the fact that after 3 years and 532 linked murders there is finally a slip up.Not a little one either but full video coverage and you dont find it strange?

The fan in the closet sized roll actually makes it several rotations before Marsh responds.He shoves out the his square stubborn jaw, Yes but this whole bloody case is strange.What type of killer constantly is able to stab his victims in the throat?Mind you thats with no defensive wounds and the victims are not weak but strong ambled bodied men and women.Hell this last guy got a damn Olympic medal.So yeah, its all very strange but, now, it can all make sense.

Okay Marsh. My voice is steady but my pulse is pounding in my ears as I click the play button, Lets make some sense.

The video starts and show the inside of Mike Gordons apartment.The former Olympian had a flat covered in white: white wallpaper, white bear skin rugs, white piano, white couches, and in the center of it all a white table.At that table Mike sat.His face was clearly visible on the screen and he was laughing.Across from him was a short figure in a hoodie but theyre not facing the camera and the face isnt visible.In between them on the table is small dagger with a red handle.There is a bit of audio from the camera microphone but its distorted, the voice sound practically robotic.Mike leans back in his chair and scornfully looks at the stranger, Youre saying I have a choice?

Yes. A shiver runs down my spine, the voice is soft and scratchy on the audio.I glance at Marsh to gauge his reaction.He just stares at the screen.Mike picks up the dagger and examines the blade.He weighs it in his hands before questioning the killer, What if I dont do it?What if I walk away right now and call the cops?I hear theyve been looking for you.

Then you damn yourself and ever other living breathing human being on this planet.

The Olympian points it at his killer, What if I dont believe you?

You could but you wont because deep down you know Im right. The hooded figure leans forward in their seat and crosses their hands in front of them, Because you know its your turn and you can feel Utopia calling.

There is something in Mike that changes.He joking demeanor becomes more sullen and quite.In a flash he reaches across the table and grabs his killer by their jacket.They dont struggle as he holds the knife to their throat,  I could kill you right now and end this cycle of violence.

You could but you wont.Its not my turn.

There is a tense moment before Mike lets the killer go.Instead he stares back at them with a sort of resignation.Then he looks at the knife, I know.Somehow....I know. In one rapid motion Mike Gordon turns the blade and stabs himself in the throat.I can hear Marsh tensing as the man rips the blade from his own throat and the blood spays across the white flat: White and red wallpaper, white and red bear skin rugs, white and red piano, white and red couches, white and red table, white and red Mike falls the the floor.The hooded figure stands and walks to the body.They lean over and pull the knife from the mans throat.Then they turn around and look straight at the camera.I can see Marsh putting it together.Slowly he recognizes the killer in the video and in horror I see him turn to me.Ive already put the knife on the coffee stained wooden table between us.The small red handle vibrates on the surface.He looks from the knife back at me.I look at him with sympathy, Ray, you have a choice to make.