noobrektxd
I dont know whats going to happen.Its been about 3 months since Ive died.I accidentally ate poisoned cereal.I went the way I wanted I guess.My name is Bob.Bob Smith.For some reason everybody calls me bland.I was an office drone.And I had a wife named Susan, with two kids named James and John.I think I see something... in the distance.I floated over there.I was transported into some sort of space thingy.I wasnt very smart so I dont know much about astrology.Its a door...I grasped the knob and twisted it open.I saw four platforms, and what looked like to be a courtroom.There wasnt any walls or anything.It was just white in here.The door was gone when I looked behind me.Huh, am I in trouble?I walked closer and what I saw made me gasp.Four people, who I knew when I was still alive.Carlos, my coworker who was in the first stand.Susan, my wife in the second stand.My good friend, Percy in the third stand.And finally, my mom in the fourth stand.There was an angel in front of the stands, and when he saw me he smiled.Greetings, Bob Smith! He exclaimed.I am Frares, a frenchman who stopped an orphanage from burning down in Paris! I raised my eyebrow.How come Im here? I asked.Ah, that is the question they all ask. Frares replied.These are the four who you have impacted the most in your mortal life. He continued

The man in the first stand, the one you have cruelest to.The woman in the second stand, the one you have been the nicest to.The man in the third stand, the one saved by your actions.The woman in the final stand, the one who has died because of you. Frares said.I looked at all four, and they looked back.Carlos started to talk, Hello Bob, it seems that Im the judge for your afterlife. He greeted.Youre really boring you know.The worst thing youve ever done to me was how you ate the muffin I was saving for lunch. He continued.I thought back to that time.I was getting extra rumblies from my tumblies.I understand you were hungry, and it was... very minor.I forgive you my friend, and I hope you reach Heaven. He smiled.At least, I think he did.He did a little smug look then a frown and then a pokerface.Susan, my wife, looked at me and smiled.My dear, Its been a while. She said.Youve done... nice things to me before.The best thing youve done to me was give me my first kiss in 1987. She continued.I obviously hope you go to Heaven.

Percy looked at me and sighed.We did a lot of crazy things, huh Bob? 

Like when we ate an entire watermelon together. He said.You saved my life when you told me not go on a date with that girl, Janet. I blinked.Turns out she was a mentally ill murderer. Oh.I hope you go to Heaven. 

Frares smirked and spoke up.Well, three votes mean youre going to Heaven.Would you like to hear the last madam? Frares said.Oh, yeah sure. I replied.My mom looked at me and smiled widely.Well, it turns out I died because of you my son. She said.I thought back to the time when she died.Oh, I pulled the plug because she was sick.I hope you remember, because I want you to know it wasnt your fault.It was my time. Mom said.I want you to go to Heaven.

I looked at Frares.I guess youre going to Heaven, my bland friend.Bye bye! He yelled, and I started to float up.I waved down to my old friends and I looked up.Heaven, here I come.