HydraVea
You know, you will live a lonely and long life after all of humanity is gone, right? Lucy rested her back on the chair.She always looked beautiful under the same candle light at our restaurant.She smiled briefly and I continued to listen to her among the chatter.You will survive as the last your kind stops breathing, and you will live on this planet until the day.Maybe, maybe your planet will be destroyed, and you will drift in space until you land on another planet.You will survive until the last life is gone, possibly to my pit.There will be a time where there is no one left to know your name.As most either suffer in my pit, or relax with the big guy, you will experience neither.You will wait.You will wait until the big guy hits the lights again and you will be gone.Do you really want that?

I blinked a few times in awe of her short pink dress and scratched my chin as I rested on the table.Will you visit me again?

Every day. Her toes found my leg under the table.But that was not my question.

Yes...Yes, I am ready.There is no one Id rather be with for an eternity than you.I know my past, alright?If I died, If I didnt become immortal, there would be a big chance I would be sent with the big guy.

I still cant believe your mom was such a religious nutcrack.

Yeah, the last time I asked my dad about birds and bees, he locked me up in the shed for a day.

I still thought you should have taken the chance.Maybe you would survive the gunshot wound, and live until your 80s sinning with me. Lucy pulled her leg back and returned to eat her brownie.Her bronze hairs peachy smell hit my nose.I could not risk it.The Big Guy would trick me anyway.They are good at that.

I wanted to raise an army with you.Now I cant.I am not able to get pregnant on this side.

So, do it on that side.Sleep with the souls of other men.

I dont want anyone else either. I could see the candle light and my face reflecting on her abysmal eyes.You know that.

I know that now!If only you told me sooner.I will forever live with the regret of not having a family together.

You are lame.

I have forever to practice.

Well, it took you a century to get the hint. Lucy drank from her wine glass as she played with her hair.Her legs shook the table as they rocked back and forth.And another two to learn how to read you.

You think you got me?

I know you like I know myself.

Do you, now?

I know you cant wait for your visits either.

What else?

You hate me for imprisoning you in this emotional limbo.

Yeah, I put that on a sign in hell.Shines a hundred times brighter than the sun.

I also know you love me too.

Thats a sign as well.Hangs above the cheaters as a hologram.

Shall we call a cab?

Lets go for a walk around the Empire State Building.

And make love on every floor?

You are lame. She sighed.And you have forever to get used to my lameness enough that you will start to think I am funny.

I already do.