Texas-Riice
Silence filled the room as I look towards the living room door, I-Im at a loss for words.I dont wanna believe what Im seeing, but its right in front of me.My so called deadbeat father was here and back.Dad is that you? I asked reluctantly

Um kiddo?

He walk into the house some more.I seriously dont believe it and he cant either.But hes more naive than surprised as I am.Woah.Shit Im sorry this is embarrassing. He says as he finally sees me

Whats the matter? I asked

This isnt my house sorry about that young man, our house looks the same I guess, weird that my key works for this house though.You should probably go get that fixed or something.

Im very shocked, but I dont know wether its because Im now just seeing my father again after 10 years or my fathers a total idiot and he doesnt recognize his 18 year old son after all those 10 years.Uuummm are you fucking serious right now?

Woah woah woah, its an honest mistake dont get mad now I seriously thought this was my house, look Ill just leave sorry for the intrusion.

Oh fuck hes leaving, but I dont know what to say its really like hes not my father anymore he left us for 10 years my mom was devastated and I was just forced to grow up faster.What do I do?Im sweating because its been so long since Ive seen him I want to hate him but I want to love him too.DAD! I screamed

He stops moving.Its kind of weird actually because he just stopped mid walking and was reaching for the door.Dad its me... Jacob... y-your son. I said sadly

Jacob?No way. He said astonished

He turns around to look at me

Is this a joke to you?How do you know my sons name?What you like watching 8 year olds or something creep? He said angrily

No, wait what?Im your son... look its me Jakey.

He looks mad still I think hes about to kick my ass.He really must not believe me or something.I have to think of something, but what?Moms removed everything single thing about him and I gotta think.Ok bud listen here stay the hell away from me, my family, and especially my so-

WAIT!Stop.Look stay right here please dont leave I have something thatll convince you

I dashed across the living room and sprinted into my room as fast as I could.I was looking for the one thing I know hell remember.Its a little weird to have kid stuff in my room, but they were stuff I had to remember by dad by and I wasnt letting my mom destroy it.Cmon where is it?I swore I saw it like a week ago.AH-HA FOUND IT!

I ran back to my uneasy and a little irritated father, but his eyes widened  when I showed him the signed football I got hit by when I was only 5.How did you get this? He ask nervously

Remember we went to that football game when I was 5?My favorite player scored and he threw a ball into the crowd and I tried catching it, but it hit my face instead, so he decided to sign the ball for us as a sorry.

Hes very puzzled by the look on his face, but also surprised as well.But I dont get it... that happened 3 years ago. He said shockingly 

What do you mean?That happened like at least 13 years ago.

Hes pale and scared and shocked I thought he was joking, but hes genuinely scared about something.Son... I-Ive only...

What is it dad? I asked

Ive only been gone for half an hour.

Hes very scared to find himself in a situation like this, I wanna say hes joking, but looking at his out of date clothing and his ageless look hes very much not joking.Last time I saw you, you were 8, like literally 30 minutes ago is the last time I saw you.So if that ball thing happened 13 years ago for you thats would make you... 18!

Uuuhhh yeah you were gone for 10 years.

Hes sweating a little, looks as if hes gonna faint from this news, but he keeps himself together and decides to speak.10... 10 long years I was gone?I dont understand how... Oh fuck your mother, the love of my life and you going through your pre-teen years and plus puberty!I wasnt there for you or your mother, but that was all half an hour ago for me.Where is your mother anyways?

Shes probably out somewhere at some bar. I said all casually

She drinks now?!?Shes never drank before, shes my beautiful angel. He said surprisingly 

Well dad you were gone for 10 years call it crazy, but she waited for you for the first 5 years.She said that you were everything to her and that shes your world and that yall were soulmates from the first time yall met.She loved you and when you didnt come back she never let anyone to her life.Like I mean a lot of weird guys, rich dudes, and plain average joes wanted to be with her, but she preferred a bottle of whiskey over anyone else.

He took a seat on the couch and closed his eyes.He opened them and looked at me.What happened?What am I gonna do now?I shouldve never went out for those damn cigarettes!I was supposed to stop smoking anyways because we were thinking of having another kid, but my dumbass wanted a daily dose of fucking nicotine.

He sat there on the couch Ive missed him a lot, but hes really been gone for so long its just all alien for this to be happening.Dad... maybe you should actually leave, like for real this time?

Seriously?Thats your solution? He said smart assidly

Well to us you were gone for 10 years and I mean you being back would just change everything.Ive missed you a lot and mom does too, but seeing you havent aged a day and still somewhat youthful you could just live a new life.

He got up and looked at me tears in his eyes and looked around the house.I was only gone for 30 minutes I dont know if I can be gone for longer than that.I love you and your mother, but its true what youre saying, me being back would disrupt a lot of what you guys have.The best thing now is to let this role play out.

Tears filled my eye and so did his.We both came together and hugged each other tightly.Ive missed you a lot dad and Im gonna miss you some more, but at least I know you werent a deadbeat dad.

Im gonna miss you a lot son and your mom she was my everything and so are you, but now I guess Ill take the title of deadbeat father and leave... leave for real this time I mean.

After the hugging I walked him out the house he got back in his truck and drove away.Not too long after my mom comes home.I didnt tell her that dad came back because I didnt want her destroying herself again and getting her hopes high to see dad, but after that day he came back the following years Ive gotten presents sent to me on my birthday, and my mom too, and every year on her anniversary she gets gifts with the same note that reads I will always love you dearly my beautiful angel. Good job trying to be discreet dad, but my mom is just as naive as him, but at least she stopped drinking.Who wouldve figured that my deadbeat father is the best father.