EfficientManner
Larry has been speaking non-stop to me for the past week, and Im starting to get tired of his shit.Hey, I can hear you you know.Its not like Im actively trying to bother you, its just so unbearably boring up in here.

Fuck off, Larry!I didnt invite you into my brain; you came of your own accord and have annoyed me since.*I* dont know how I got here, all I know is that I appeared in the most boring mind possible.You never go out, you never do or think anything interesting; if I didnt talk constantly, I thing Id die of boredom.

You might as well!Youre the reason I cant go out to do anything.Your constant talking makes me act out and look insane.You are kind of are insane.

Fuck you!Its your fault that Im like this, your fault that my medication doesnt work.Youre the fucking worse, theres absolutely no benefit to having you here.Your like a bad tenant who doesnt pay his rent and only causes trouble.Wait a minute!You just gave me an idea.Ill be right back.

What are you talking about?Hello?*Silence*

Hes actually gone!I can finally get some sleep.**A nondescript amount of time later**

Ugh How long have I been sleeping?My head and body ache like crazy.Good morning sleepy head!Of course, you wouldnt know its morning with your curtains always closed.

Look whose back.At least I got a bit of sleep.You gotta count your victories I guess.He he he

Whats so funny?Why dont you check on the table?

Whats in this briefcase?HOLY SHIT!How much money is in here?Harry what did you do?I payed rent, just how you wanted me to.Maybe now youll appreciate me more.

Where did you get all this money, though?HOW did you get it?Oh, thats not important, though I might have a bit more control over you than you think.

*knock knock knock*

Shit, Ill get back to this later.Who could possibly be at the door?Let me get dressed quick

*Smash*

This is the FBI, get on the ground!!

All clear, begin searching.

What the hell is going on!?Sir, we found the money, this is our guy.

What are you talking about?Put your hands behind your back and dont move!Youre under arrest as the main suspect of a local armed bank robbery.

OH FUCK YOU LARRY!