lonelysaurusrex
Leaping forward, Flux landed a disastrous and gravity assisted punch to the half demon Mephisto.The hybrid was always first to attack and the first to fall.Flux used his gravity bending powers to pull himself in an arc around the fallen villain.His curve was expertly timed and brought him face to face with the remaining thieving scum.Too late Flux! Arch Bishop bellowed.The Radium is well on its way to our lair!

Yeah, thats why Im going to make this quick. Flux smirked knowingly.He pulled Mind Trap towards him.Her powers were too dangerous to delay.He simultaneously brought a nearby dumpster with his power and carefully squeezed it around her.The metal muting her mind powers and encasing her for the ULHs task forces.Two down, Bishop, I hope you brought more friends.Im not even warmed up yet! Flux boasted.Arch Bishop was on him quicker than he expected.He must really need this radium for some dastardly purpose.Flux weighted his arms with his control of gravity.Blocking Arch Bishops staff swings with his newly strengthened arms.Arch Bishop was not one to attack wildly.Flux knew he could use this to his advantage.Hed let him tire himself before making one crushing assault to end the fight.Flux saw his moment.Arch Bishops staff swung wide as his arms began to weaken.Arms getting heavy, Bishop? Flux knew he had won.It seems like youve gained some weight!

 Flux brought his power fully to bear.He was pulling his mental focus entirely onto Arch Bishops form.Strength coursed through Arch Bishop like Flux had never seen.He was a mastermind not a brawler.How could he resist such weight for so long?Sweat formed on Fluxs brow as he exerted every resource he had.Arch Bishop buckled and fell; His knees leaving cracks in the pavement as he fell.Removing some of his own gravity Flux sprang forwards.BLACK HOLE PUNCH! He Announced in victory before increasing the weight and density of his right arm.Arch Bishop never had a chance.Now he had to find that truck full of radium.Leaping over the skyline he began his search.A scream from the fallen Mephisto followed his bound.WELL GET YOU NEXT TIME FLUX!

--------------------------

Is it done? an old haggard voice asked.Removing her withered hand from his head; a fragile, and now aged, Mind Trap looked tearfully at an elderly Mephisto.The dementia She choked on a sob.Its making it harder

I know Mind Trap. Mephisto reached for her shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze.No one should live like that.At least we can give him these moments.
Mephisto placed his hand on the chest of his once greatest rival.Well get you next time.Friend.