twistednightblade
Its not fair! Diane, the Serpent Sin of Envy, pouted, I want my own month! The Giantess dropped to a sitting position, shaking the Boar Hat tavern and everyone inside.Month? King, the Grizzly Sin of Sloth, looked up from his pillow, what do you want a month for? As a Fairy, he couldnt really see the need for a month, it wasnt that long a time for his species.What are you two talking about? Gowther, the Goat Sin of Lust, asked in his usual monotone.The Doll not understanding why Diane would be angry this time.He wondered if she wanted some time off from being the taverns Billboard Waitress and calling out to the various villages they passed in their strange travelling tavern.Well, well, well?Its seems as though Diane has heard about that Pride Month thats been going on around these parts and wants an Envy Month their Leader, Meliodas the Dragon Sin, chuckled.Diane nodded, still pouting, but turned her attention to King soon after: he had started dozing on his pillow in mid-air.KING! she whined, were having an Envy Month, so get ready to do erm, envy stuff? Dianes conviction faded as she realised she had no idea what humans do on Pride Month.Envy Month? Ban, the Fox Sin of Greed, smirked, ya mean were all gonna be jealous of each other? his usual sing-song voice grabbing everyones attention.Hey Ban, King yawned, youre human, how do you celebrate Escanors month? 

Escanor is the Lions Sin of Pride and, as it is nighttime, was currently sitting inside the Boar Hat.He was just about to pluck up the courage to hand Merlin; the Boars Sin of Gluttony, his poems hed been writing.Hey, Escanor?can you come out here for a moment? Meliodas called into the tavern, causing Escanor to sigh and abandon his attempts to woo Merlin for another night.Y-yes, Captain he stuttered, his night time personality being so timid as to be mildly afraid of even his closest friends.H-how could I be of any help? 

What do humans do when they celebrate your month? the Captain asked, smiling in his usual carefree manner.My month? Escanor thought, what is the Captain oh! he looked around the group.A Fairy, a Giant, a Doll, a Demon, and an Immortal (or Undead as Ban preferred).Oh, you mean Pride Month Escanor spoke aloud.T-that doesnt have anything to do w-with me he answered.It was something he was asked about a lot since he became the Sin of Pride.Its a celebration of the many and varied s-sexualities that humans are capable of.They parade, wave rainbow themed flags, and be happy in themselves.

Oh, I understand.I believe I attended one such event with Slader, of the Roars of Dawn, after the Capital was rebuilt. Gowther declared, striking a pose and pointing at Escanor.I had no idea it had anything to do with sex, as I did not see anyone engaging in such acts.

I see Meliodas nodded to himself, we dont have anything like that in the Demon Clan.If you love someone, then that is that: who cares what other people think? he thought about his love for a certain Goddess, and how everyone back then reacted.So King began slowly, not fully understanding humans, humans have more than one sexuality? 

Kinda Ban answered for Escanor, some men like other men, some women like other women.Some people like both men and women, and some dont really like either.From his time with Elaine, Kings little sister, he had an idea why King was confused.Oh, so those are considered different by humans then King continued, still trying to fit this concept into something he could understand.When Fairies fall in love, he cast a quick glance at Diane, we dont worry about who or what they are.

Yeah, Giants are pretty much the same Diane confirmed, hiding her face with her pigtails.Huh Merlin startled everyone by appearing right behind Escanor.So it would appear that the reason the others misunderstood Pride Month is because their Clans have such relaxed views on the subject.How interesting.

Everyone was silent for a while, thinking about the differences between humans and the other Clans that inhabit Brittannia.I still want an Envy Month Diane stated, folding her arms defiantly.\--++--++--++--

*Note: A bit late to this particular prompt party, but when I read the prompt to my husband I could see a* Nanatsu no Taizai *themed story forming in his mind; this is* ***his*** *contribution, not mine*.:)