TrueRequiemZer0
I've never believed in the concept of a soul-mate.Yet, despite all my beliefs and ideals, there she stood.The living proof that all I've believed up until now has been a farce.Part of me was relieved, the other, terrified.What could this mean?"H-hey..." I muttered between quivering lips."This must be... pretty bizarre for you..." she said apologetically.I could feel my knees shaking.All this time, the whispers inside my head were not made by my own subconscious.Instead, they were made by the woman that stood in front of me.She wore glasses, had short black hair, and was on the short side when it came to height.She invited me for some coffee.An offer that I literally, could not refuse.We sat in silence.I awkwardly took sips of my capuccino whilst she merely stared at me clutching her cup in her hands."Y'know I- I always knew you were real..." she said, finally breaking the ice."How is that even possible...?"I ask, my hands shaking.She merely shrugged."The voice... it was just so real..." she said."I never told anyone what I could hear...I even thought I was insane at one point but... your voice was just so clear in my head...I just knew it couldn't be a hallucination.""Well...I told my parents about it..." I said."They immediately took me to a psychiatrist and diagnosed me with Schizophrenia... so I guess I'm glad that didn't happen to you..."

She looked down at her cup apologetically.I couldn't see her expression, but I could tell tears were welling up in her eyes."Hey... why are you crying?"I asked."Is it something I said?"She looked up at me.Instead of a sad expression, what greeted me was the most beautiful smile, along with tears running down her ivory skin."I'm just..." she sobbed."I'm just so glad you're real..." 

There was no longer an effort to control herself.Tears flowed down her eyes, and her sobs drowned out the chatter of the coffee shop.I didn't know what to say; what *could* one say in a situation like this?Instead of offering some kind words, I sat next to her and took her in my arms.She buried her face in my chest and continued to cry.Part of me wanted to break down crying too.All of my life I've been told I'm insane but... she was proof that I wasn't.-

It had been two weeks since the encounter.The two of us walked down the street at high hours of the night, our hands held together.Ever since that morning at the coffee shop, it was impossible for the two of us to be apart for a long period of time.We essentially went out every single day after work.I'd always drop her off at her apartment - or she spent the night in mine.Bottom line is, we were now inseparable."Say... don't you think it's strange?"I ask

She looked at me confused."Well... we've just met each other but, technically been together since birth..." I say."It's like... we're soul mates."She gasped as a pink tint rose to her cheeks."I mean... the universe *literally* conspired for the two of us to be together..." I say."and now that we are it just... feels right."After that remark, the two of us remained quiet for the rest of the way until we finally reached her apartment complex."Say...I'll see you again tomorrow?"I ask.She nodded.Then got on her tiptoes and planted a kiss on my lips.She dashed inside her building and waved back one last time.I turned around and began walking home.That's when felt it.There it was again... that familiar little voice I've been hearing all my life.It sounded distant and quiet, but I could still make up the words."I love you..." the voice muttered.The voice then faded away.