Scanline6
'Giggle'

Lanshire, Edward Lanshire.May I just say, that you look absolutely dazzling tonight, Miss?""Shelby, Catherine Shelby.But please, I do go by Shelby.Are all of you taking your cues from James Bond or is he indeed the quintessential Englishman?"Oh I am truly afraid that James Bond is only the figment of ones imagination.Our Foreign Intelligence service is far less glamorous.But we gents of the banking industry do represent the best of lots, the real dealon a promise.

I think I do like Englishmen.

Oh please dont say like you didnt before this splendid occasion.But just to be sure, allow me to finalize that transaction in any case.

It was better than I expected.Never have I imagined that I could be the proverbial fly on the wall.70K per night, not bad a price for a giggle.If she said 70K per hour, I would have said yes, but what do you think I am?A Savage?A face to die for?No.Not quite.But I could see how men would stuff her vagina full of greenbacks.Dont know how she survived that.Do you really care?But they assured me of a 100% clean pussy, the cleanest the money could buy.Silky blonde with a piercing blue pair.Prada light turquoise pointy toe pump; devil wears Prada, what else would you expect?An expensive prostitute is still a prostitute.A Louis Vuitton Croc matte, nothing fancy there.Dior qiviut grey blue A-line with blazer freshly delivered from Paris, Chanel pearl earrings laced with gold, Cornelia James pashmina straight out of Kashmir; get this, she paid an insurer to actually go to Kashmir, witness it being made there before airmailed express to London, packaged and sent to New York with the personal thank you note from Genevieve James.She paid 150K as a donation for the honour of a signature.Why didnt she ask for the Queens autograph instead is anyones guess.She certainly does not lack audacity.Oh and 18 karats white gold La Doa de Cartier.What a cunt.Mr. Lanshire costed me 100K notwithstanding other undertows, oh my precious pounds of flesh.I guess my second wave feminist mother could go fuck herself and burn off her eyebrows as she pleases.A well defined Jawline, olive eyes that are the collectors of souls, topped salt and pepper with a classic charming smile.Probably a sizable prick.A Savile Row fellow, oh how quaint and bespoke; boring, the vile English.Mid grey wide chalk Spanish merino Henry Poole; he really thinks he is James Bond no less.A.Testoni Oxford lace-up in caramel calf.A dark blue white striped dorsilk pocket square.A Rotonde De Cartier Astrotourbillon 18 K White Gold, matching brand and price range with our lady friend, a pair made in heaven.What do you know, another cunt.Oh and no one would think that I would have the indecency of not getting a copy of their receipts for their expensive tastes, right?It is after all my party.These idiots wouldnt be able to distinguish an organized crime outing from a casual business arrangement.I wouldnt call this money well spent but my taste certainly dictates my behaviors; one doesnt need a shrink to see that.There is nothing in the world that pleases me so much as to witness Man go to work and how far up the ladder one is willing to go.The human spirit?We are no different you and I, than him or her.We are all earning our keeps, arent we?To what do I, representative of the Lloyds Group, owe the pleasure of this stately occasion?What business arrangement, Shelby, are we privy to here in thismagnificent place ofcommerce? 
 Shall we start with a big mac and some fries?

I love your sense of humor and I am glad we are on the intimate first name basis already, oh or should I say last name, Lanshire?

Quite.Quite.

Theres the last minute change of location.Believe me, I was shocked too.Very unorthodox.But I am surprised you werent informed beforehand of the business details.

It is all hush-hush.But of course this speaks to the nature of our meeting; very important deal that require the utmost discretion.However I am sure it would be worthy of our times, for a man of my position, no one would want to tug me around for a laugh because I will skin them alive of course.My colleague had informed me of the change.Its novel, really.But having your own personal G5 always solves the problem.

Oh that smug face.A professional.Pumped up chest, on the offensive, making it seem as if that he is impatient and offended.Oh the wrong that is wrought upon his dignity!Greasy!I love it!And I dont just mean my big mac.Well, Lanshire, I am not allowed to proceed until my partner gets here.I hope you understand?Of course!It is not a problem.My colleague, well, my subordinate really, but I respect him, said I would love tonights talk so I did not ask further but you know requiring me to be present in such anunofficial capacity---I hope you do catch my meaning, fair to say, it is important and I am all ears to hear what he had arranged for the benefit of our companies.But pray say, love, we do look out of place, dont we?.

Atlanta in the middle of June, of course.Why shouldnt I ruin your nice Poole.Was it Will, Will Keith that you talked to from our division?

Yes.It was Will.A nice chap he was.B of A, I always liked you bunch.And Rupert contacted you?

Indeed he did.

I am sure they will show any minute now.Perhaps they are quite taken by each other just as we have ourselves on this first meeting of ours.

The pulsating unease.Oh yes, sticking out its tentacles the fear of discovery.A palpable bubble; a space where these two most unfortunate souls are dancing to the tone of a tango of mutual self destruction.I am sure it would be morecultural acquisition than anything else.

Wit and placative smile, I could taste the deception; the use of her insecurity in this environment to her advantage: Embarrassment at the tardiness of her partner, playing the victim, the fawn.Hah, a good one.Lord, thats a good one!Nothing could beat a woman with a sense of humour.Hm, so, how is the industry here in America?

The doubts.The wrangling of facts and fictions.You see, if you think I will let these two fine human specimen off the hook so easy, to just spend a nice evening at the most obvious contrivance, the Delmonico's, then you are more a fool than I thought you are.Well, you know, it is all samesey as you would say right?Fiscal policy reviews and projections.Charts after charts, drowning in paperwork.

Oh, tell me about it.The drivels they spew.My position might be high but I am not THE boss.And I have to micro manage below me all of them pricks, oh excuse my language.But they all want the impossible.I am just so stressed out.This is a breath of fresh air, coming here, meeting you, such a beautiful lady, and of course to discuss an important matter that meant the future of our two great companies. 
 
Agitated I see, good but I like my steak well done and it has not quite passed bloody yet.Almost.You pulled words right out of my mouth.Perhaps one of these days you could show me London.

I smell cliche, em, the great trade talk.I would love nothing more.Oh how rude of me, here is my card.Call me anytime, my dear.

And mine.

Boy meets girl.Or is it girl meets boy?Well, how about we meet privately after this affair?

Thatsounds fine. 

Oh that look, very very wet.Great, I cant wait.But what is taking our colleagues so long?You know what, do excuse me while I make a phone call.

I should too.

And there goes their little interlude.Fuming, confused.Well, I am going to get a refill of my 7-ups.FBI!!!Hands up!Hands up!Catherine Shelby!Edward Lanshire!

Edward Lanshire, Catherine Shelby, you are under arrest for conspiracy to commit fraud!You have the right to remain silent.

Well, well, looks like we got panties in a bunch.Oh the look on his face, pure horror and disbelief.How obedient becomes a man being told to never open the briefcase he is carrying when money is on the line.Work.And her, how she froze there for a moment before her brows furled and before launching such a diatribe, about how she is in the service to a certain Emir and how they, whos they?They will pay for this transgression.Well, she isn't wrong.She was just banged the entire day by a certain certain thawbed individual last Sunday.How smart she thinks she is.I am sure that certain thawbed individual would be pleased to getting his stolen diamond parking at 20 million dollars back.But no one knows me.I dont know anything about diamonds.I am simply a woman of pleasure, watching people; see their eyes lit up at the chance to slip into a character and play it out to their hearts content.But no one seemed to understand the price one has to pay.Justice?No, I dont care for justice.I am not a facilitator.I only care if my steak is well done and only now is it getting started, just passing bloody.Rest assured, I am banging Miss Griffin and Mr. Clarkson in a threesome tonight, to give them hope, the simmers before I leave them to their own devices.Leverage.I hope they learned about risk management.We are all earning our keeps after all.Oh and big macs arent bad when consumed in the right situation.Wouldnt you say?Refills, ahGod bless America.------------------------
Great thread to read through.Great WP.