JamieTheLlama
Two raspberry mojitos please, I told the waiter, and can we get a plate of sushi to share?
Certainly, Sir

I looked up at my date, hoping to find some sign that she is pleased that I ordered her favourite drink.It took 10 dates before I discovered it about her, 12 dates before I found her love of sushi and 19 dates until I was confident that I could put together her perfect date.My favourite!How did you know? Belinda said as she crossed her long legs towards me.She looked particularly good tonight.She picked the perfect date to be wearing my favourite short red dress.There is something about her smile that makes me melt, a familiar, comforting feeling.It's your favourite?No, its my favourite! I replied, feeling only a little disgusted with how cutsie I was being.So far so good.This plan was going to work, I just need stay cool and follow the plan.I was confident this date was going to be the one.Tonight I shape shifted into what I have learned is her ideal man.I am tall, much taller than last time, with long blonde hair tied up in to a man bun and piercingly blue eyes.It certainly wasnt my first choice of shape but Im not holding it against her.The waiter returned to the bar with our drinks.It was time to bust out my next move.I opened my wallet and a loyalty card for the local yoga studio accidentally flew out on to the table.Oops, I mustn't have put my card back when I finished my yoga session earlier, I faked an embarrassed look and quickly returned the card in my wallet.I.Love.Yoga.I have been doing it for the last 15 years.I cant believe youre into that. She said before taking a long sip from her mojito.I do my best to suppress a smirk.I know, this never happens.I am going to have to get used to this body im in, especially since now we are going to get married and have 10 children.Probably move out to the country and get a big property with horses.OK, I cant overdo it now.Take it easy, just enjoy her company.Belinda looks up and cocks her head toward the speakers.Sweet child o mine, I love this song!

Funny, my ex-girlfriend was crazy about Guns n Roses, Belinda is a jazz nerd.Oh, I thought you were more of a jazz girl?

uh, yeah, I am.Absolutely.This is a guilty pleasure of mine thats all. She finishes her mojito in one slurp and lets out a satisfied ah sound.Thats another familiar sound.Alarm bells are going off in my head.So, whats your favourite movie? I ask, watching her carefully for the response.Without hesitation she blurts out, The Burbs.My stomach sinks.Trista?, I whisper.Hoping to be wrong.She looks down at her feet and lets out a sigh.Trista, you cant shapeshift to get back in my life.We broke up 5 years ago, its time to move on.

Im sorry, I just.I know we are meant to be together.Dont worry,  Belinda didnt know about this date before I shifted in to her form.You can still set up your perfect date with her.Or..

Or?

I dont have to shift out of this body right away, she winks seductively at me.I jump out of my chair and get ready to storm out.I cant believe she did this to me, it's so dishonest, so stalky.Look at her sitting there in that red dress.Long perfect legs.She looks up at me with that smile that has melted me 19 times before.Well...maybe....

Ill get us a cab