moogle2468
(Content note: violence) 

I crouched behind the counter, drenched in fear.The shouts and screams surrounded me, but all I could focus on was the sound of my heart pounding and the sickening dread in my stomach.The gunshot booms ricocheted through the marble room as I shrank down and silently prayed that I hadnt been seen.I could hear footsteps approaching and couldnt control my panicked breathing.I felt strong arms suddenly grab me from behind and roughly haul me up.Someone yanked my head up and I saw a balaclava clad face inches from mine.Shit.Fuck, not this one, hissed the balaclava in front of me.Take him to the van.

But the safe... objected the voice of my captor behind me.Just fucking do it, now! 

I heard the muttered complaints of my assailant as he dragged me across the foyer, through the doors and into the startlingly bright sunlight.I was too confused and terrified to do anything other than allow myself to be carried along.There was a metal banging sound and then I felt myself being thrown into a cool dark space I assumed was a van.My face was pressed against the floor as someone bound my hands behind me, then I heard the doors close and the engine start.I struggled to flip myself over onto my back as the van started to move.Over the noise of the engine, I could hear voices arguing.This wasnt the plan, what the hell?Wheres Jack? shouted a panicked female voice.Its him.The one on the list, said a male voice.Fucking hell, seriously?! 

Yes, so are you going to be the one to fuck up Lucys list?Cos Im sure as hell not, replied the male voice, Even if I have to leave Jack behind. 

Oh fuck man, poor Jack, sighed the female voice.The two voices fell silent as the van continued on its journey.My mind was racing as I tried to figure out what the hell was going on.Lucy, Jack, who were these people?What the fuck had just happened?How had my morning errand dropping off some takings from the shop to the bank taken such a surreal turn?I tried to loosen my wrists but they were tied too tight with some kind of hard plastic that bit into my skin with every wriggle.What is this?!Where am I!? I shouted over the noise of the engine, but there was no reply.I continued to shout to no avail.I have no idea how long we drove for but after what felt like an age, I felt the van lurch as the brakes slammed on, sending my head crashing into the side of the van.The pain exploded behind my eyes as I sank into darkness.The next thing I recall was slowly becoming aware of voices around me and the pain in my head.I opened my eyes and the light blinded me.As I blinked, the figures above me slowly came into focus.I appeared to be lay on a bed, and my hands were no longer bound.A smiling female face hovered above my own and a cool hand smoothed my forehead.There you are Chris, I was worried about you for a moment, said the woman, in a familiar voice.Where am I?What happened? I muttered in confusion.Youre safe now, sweetheart, youre with Lucy.

Lucy.I only knew one Lucy.I tried to raise my head and focus clearly on the womans face.It was her.It was Lucy.Older, a little more worn, but definitely the same blue eyes, looking at me with the same affectionate expression Id loved as a 16 year old boy.Id not seen her for ten years or more but had thought of her often.Whats going on?Why am I here? 

I saved you.Id always save you.You of all people should know that.

But at the bank...those robbers...? Fuck, I was so confused.You mean my employees, she said with a wry smile.I pushed myself up to a sitting position.Lucy stood beside me, dressed immaculately in a black pinstripe suit.Her black hair, once long and flowing in our teens, had been cut into a sharp angular bob.Her pale, elfin face was punctuated with a slash of bright red lipstick.She looked fucking incredible.Despite my circumstances, I felt a swell of attraction to her, as flashes of teen love memories flitted through my head.Its been a while, hasnt it Chris? 

I looked around - I was in what looked like a plush hotel suite, all decked out in white.Two other people, dressed in medical scrubs hovered by the door.Leave us now, Lucy commanded.They silently nodded and filed out.Jesus, Lucy, what is this place? I stammered.Welcome to my office, Chris.Ive done quite well for myself in the last few years.

Your employees...? I let the question hang in the air.She smiled and walked around to sit on the heavy wooden desk.Yes.My teams are the best at what they do.

Robbing banks?

Among other activities, she smiled again and shrugged.Ive been busy since I last saw you.

I felt a twinge of guilt and regret at her statement.Fucking hell, Lucy, I always knew youd do well but some kind of mafia boss?Is that what you are?

In a manner of speaking.I dont associate with the Mafia though.Unless our patches cross. 

Why have you brought me here?Whats going to happen to me?

Darling, my teams know not to touch you.Theres a list, you see.Working as I do in our area, my employees are bound to come across former associates and acquaintances of mine.Ive made a new life for myself, Im an entirely different person, but still, theres some people I remember fondly.

Even me?After...

Yes, even you.Especially you. 

I felt the twinge of guilt became louder as I recalled the last time Id seen her.Listen, I was just a kid.I didnt realise what I was doing, I hope she realised I truly meant it.Thinking with your dick? She looked at me, her expression hardening.I coughed uncomfortably.I just...she was there, you know?I was drunk and it just happened.

Her eyebrow raised.Just happened?What, you tripped and your dick fell in her? 

I blushed at the memory of drunken teenage fumbling.I didnt want to hurt you, I just couldnt help myself.

But with her?My supposed best friend?

It wasnt mean to hurt you, we werent thinking straight... I stuttered trying to justify, explain, reason, anything.She continued to stare at me with a cold, unflinching expression.And was it worth it?Did you both live happily ever after? 

Well no, Ive not seen Emma since either.No ones seen her for years now, she moved away or something, no one knows where she went... my speech started to fail as I watched Lucys expression change to a twisted smile.Surely she didnt?My dawning realisation turned to horror, as Lucy laughed a bitter laugh.Lucy, what the fuck happened to Emma?What the fuck did you do? I struggled to push myself off the bed, but my legs crumpled beneath me.I lay there, stranded helplessly as Lucy slowly stalked towards me.She stared at me like I was prey.Lucy, Jesus fuck, Lucy, we were kids, let me go, Im so sorry Lucy... the garbled words fell out of me as I tried to push myself up, but I was too weak.She crouched next to me and kissed me softly on the head.The last thing I heard was the click of the cold metal against my temple.