HostaSauce
Am I dead? the soul asked.Yep. I said.Holy crap!Theres an afterlife!I knew it!Suck it, Jimmy. The soul sort of floated over to me, bobbing up and down.So youre Death, then?

No, Im the Grim Reaper. I bopped the soul and it floated a little farther backwards, casting a little trail of ectoplasm after it.What the difference? The soul dimmed a little, then brightened.Am I going to heaven or hell?

Nnnnnoooooooo, I shook my head.First, death is a transitional state of being.Im not that.Im an individual.Ive had other names, too, but right now, today, in this pocket out of time, Im the Grim Reaper.A guide, basically.I got here first and it was really rather lonely.I had to figure everything out myself.

Oh crap, am I bound for purgatory, then?

Eh I shrugged.Its not really like that. The soul wasnt even listening.Can I talk to Jesus?

Um I doubt it he kind of keeps to himself. It was a good thing I was so patient, otherwise I might be tempted to leave this idiot here and conveniently forget where I put the spacetime pocket.But that was pretty cruel.I really shouldnt.Well what good are you, then?

Tempted.So tempted.I raised an eyebrow and sighed, Look, I said, right now youre a shapeless mass of thought and light.Which is more than some can say.Im here to guide you.Make sure youre able to settle in.Ask questions.You know, the afterlife is a pretty neat uh thingy. There wasnt really a word for it.It wasnt quite existence.There was no time.It was basically whatever you made it.Once you figured out *how* it worked.Ha, worked it didnt always do that, either.Thingy? the soul bobbed and sort of drifted.It was lucky it had a voice.Some souls were just waiting.Silent.Usually terrified.I loved it when a soul managed to hold a form all on their own.Usually it resembled the body they left behind.Artists and carpenters were good at that - people with good imaginations, good mental visualization.Not that they were always perfect.Some ended up seriously creepy.Hey, Reaper!Are you even listening to me!? The souls noise level raised about a thousand levels and I narrowed my eyes at the orb.No need to yell, I traced a finger over the edge of the pocket, seriously considering leaving the soul for a time.Ha.A time.I crack myself up.Would you like me to come back once youre feeling more agreeable?

Some Grim Reaper you are. It huffed.Oooookaaaay. I tapped it once and waved.Ill see you a bit uh later.Ive got a lot of pockets to visit.Ill circle back around to you.

Hey!You cant just you cant just *leave* me here!

Sure I can!But dont worry.Time is kind of not time, so when you figure that out, we can get back to business.Ta! I slipped out through the pockets fabric.There were so *many* souls to gather up.At least I wasnt bored.Had enough of *that* before I figured out the time thing.I decided to cross over through doggie-afterlife first to give a few puppy souls some love on my way to the next time pocket.Hey, sometimes a reaper needs to regroup.Dog afterlife was really great.Cat afterlife too, though that place was a bit strange.Scary sometimes, but usually pretty fun.Dealing with human souls, however, was challenging.Human afterlife was the most creative, and there was always something fun or new to try.Ugh, but I promised myself Id get through at least five more souls before I went sky biking with Duke Elington.