the-Kubrickian
It pained him to say that Adolf had become increasingly used to the attempts on his life.Every time he blinked an eye, there was someone out to end him with poison, a knife, or something he didnt recognize.Regardless of time, regardless of the position Adolf was in, they were always there.They seemed to know everything.What was he to do?He hadnt had the time to ask them, since they all had failed in their ambitions, but it nevertheless had made him a nervous man.Afraid of his own destiny, one could say.Why?Adolf didnt think that he would ever stoop so low as to warrant a barrage of assassins in strange clothing and strange mechanisms and strange ambitions.He had, due to the attacks, gradually become a paranoid man, thinking the world was against him and everything he did.He was a shell.He was a rock.He was festering in the stew of his own self-exile, and it was beginning to get to him.He had decided to become a painter in the time that he had to himself.His mother always told him to get a real job, and actually work, but the thought was less than comforting to Adolf.He hated being out in the open, hed be more of a target then.So when he moved to Vienna with the last of his inheritance, he could stay secluded for as long as he liked.He was certainly secluded now  he was locked up in his room, awaiting the results of the entrance exam to the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts.He was confident, for once, about his chances.His sketches that he had sent in were quite good.He allowed himself a short, sharp chuckle before he turned around and noticed his visitor.There had been no sound, no evidence of anything moved.There was simply a man with a beard and frizzy hair sitting on his sofa with smiling eyes and a calm expression.Hello there, said the man.Adolf stood at attention.Who are you? he asked.Are you here to kill me?

I am not an assassin, Adolf. The man smiled.My name is Bob Ross.I am an artist just like you.

Oh? said Adolf, reaching for the revolver in his desk, pulling it out and pointing it at Bob.And what are you going to do?

I am here to teach you.Enlighten you, perhaps.

Teach?

Yes.

I am confident in my ability, sir.I dont need lessons.

Please understand, I want to help.

I dont need help!! cried Adolf, raising the pistol once again.Ive already submitted my drawings AND taken the test!

The man stopped, and then he stood, disheartened.I was too late?

Too late? asked Adolf.What do you mean?

Im afraid youre not going to get accepted to the Academy, Adolf.

Im Adolfs face fell.Im not?

Bob shook his head.You are going to do bad things, Adolf.So please

What kind of bad things?!

I cannot say Bob held a smile, resigned almost, to the floor.He looked tired.I am going to be accepted.You cant stop me.Theyre accepting me as we speak!

Bob smiled sadly.Listen to me.You could do great things.You can do anything you want to in this life that you are given.You can be the greatest the world has ever seen.The world will revere your name for centuries.You must simply do right by you, and do right by others.You have the capability to change things for the better, Adolf.Let me be the first step.

Bob held out his hand.Adolfs revolver hand began to shake.The room was silent.The mail slot on the door jostled, and Adolf turned to look.A letter.He walked towards it with bated breath, revolver still trained on Bob.He crouched down and opened it.He had been denied.What is it? asked Bob.Adolf stood again, at a loss for words.Bob looked at him, confused.You know, said Adolf.Adolf shot Bob Ross in the chest, and he fell to the floor.Tears began to rush down Adolfs face.What to do now?What on Earth to do now?He thought back to what Bob had said.He could do great things.He can do anything he wants to in this life that he is given.He can be the greatest the world has ever seen.The world will revere his name for centuries.He must simply do right by him, and do right by others.He will have the capability to change things for the better.He will change things, he thought.He will do right by him, and do right to others.He will be the greatest the world had ever seen.Hitler smiled.There will be fire.