SADAME_AME
&#x200B;

You.Fool.A slow concerned voice broke dark silence.Oh John, what have you done? The slow sympathetic nature of the voice began trembling.John meekly raised his eye lids and tilted his head in the direction of the voice, but he could only make out the silhouette what appeared to be feminine figure.Its me, Laura.

She kneels beside John caressing his cheek .You dont pausing somberly  remember me Do you?

John squinted his eyes, took a deep breath and deeply searched his thoughts.But he shook his head.Never mind.Listen to me.Im going to get you out of here, but I dont have time to explain.You need to listen to me and do as I say.You need to trust me.

John nods, heavily.Your voice, I know it.

John blurrily watches Laura reach into a red stocking strapped to her right belt loop and pull out rounded object.John, eat this, it will give you back your memory.

John still unable to make out the silhouette in the darkness deleriously opens his mouth.Good John, eat up and hurry. Laura looks behind her, then her watch...Mrs. Clause.

Suddenly the impenetrable darkness of the room is lifted.Can you see John, what do you see?

John without any pain opened his eyes .Curtains of silver tinsil draped over metallic red and green walls. Laura watched Johns reactions.Can you smell it now, you should be regaining your senses?

The odor of the room smelled of fresh peppermints, baked ginger bread and candy.Around Johns wrist were red ribbons of an unknown material fettering his movement to the wall.John, Im not Mrs.Clause and youre not Santa.The gaurds are being distracted.This is our chance to escape.Laura pulls from the stocking at her side golden shears that John thought to were too big to fit in the stocking and cut him free.John grabbed his wrist and tried to unsuccessfully stand.Wait, theres an order to this.The chains that confine you into this room have only been loosened, not broken.Take this candy cane it will give you back your strength.

John reaches out as if his arms were to heavy for his for frame and bit into the candy cane.Joule by joule he could feel his energy and strength returning.Lastly. Laura takes a deep breath in preparation and exchanges overly large shears for a vile of liquid contents.The shape of the stocking doesnt change.I need to give you back your will, your memories and your sense of self.John this  Laura reflects  was not easy for me and I can only imagine what it will feel like for you.But I need for you to put it away.I need you here with me to escape this prison.Can you do this for me?

John nods examining his hands as his energy increases.Laura holds out a bottle of yellowish liquid.Drink this.

Eggnog?This is.. Suddenly a burst of white followed by a kaleidoscope of memories from youth, to his last memory as an artic explorer, his marriage to a women he was friends with since childhood came rushing back.He remembered being surprised by small humanoid warriors brandishing weapons of magnificent red and green spirals that spread hilt to tip over their swords while exploring the artic tundra.I remember.I remember.Laura My wife I remember!Everything!. Astonished and panicked John began to shake and jumped to his feet and grabbed Laura by her arms and pulled her close.I remember groups of elves sprung from under the tundra and then ..I heard you scream and then it went dark.

Laura responded to Johns pull with a deep hung and a passionate kiss.Yes, there no time, we need to go.

Where are we, how long has it been.

John, no,

Laura I want answers.Please.Christmas carols and childish laughter could be heard outside of the room.Ill explain later. Laura grabbed Johns hand.How did you escape?

No time.

The colorful bright corridors were large and spacious outside of the prison room.The sound of toy making, machinery and child laughter was paranormal and haunting.Sneaking behind boxes of toys, clothes and general gifts.Laura pointed to a large green metal door with 3 gold bolts spread down the middle with a large red Christmas tree painted in the center of the door.Inside that room is the portal.We have to destroy it and then we can leave.

Before John could respond she tugged his hand and kept a low profile and opened the door, jolted through, locking the door on the other side with a large key pulled from her stocking.This is it.We have..

What the hell is going on?Where are we?How long have we been here?

John, there isnt time.

Damn it, Laura.I want answers!

Laura was caught off guard by Johns fervor.Whats the last thing you remember?The Artic Tundra?The elves springing up and then you were lights out?

Yes. John responds controlling his breathing.Well for starters, they captured us and they fed us cookies and other Christmas confectionaries.

Cookies? John asked bewildered.There not cookies, nothing in the world they feed us is what it seems to be.The eggnog, candy canes, are all some kind of magic or science beyond our understanding.It brain washes you, it alter your behavior enslaving you, and even sustains you at the cellular level.

Cellular level?Laura.How long.

500 hundred years .Look at you. Laura pulls out a polished mirror and turns it to John.Your 300 pounds, white hair, dressed in red and 535 years old.But you look like your in your 30s.Obese but in your 30s.

John held his hands over his face trying to process what he was looking at.Dont worry, if we make it out alive, your physical appearance will return.

How did you get free? John grabbed Laura.I dont know, I didnt react well to their foods from the beginning and ended up faking much of the experience.Studying, this place and learning what I could from other prisoners and an elf who gave me this stocking.Hes helping us ans is the reason why there is no one in the hallways or in this control room.

Youve been faking this for 500 years?

No, its only been 5 months for us but because were in a time dilation between realities, we exist in a different time and space entirely.

I dont get it Laura, why is this happening.

Look John, my husband.We are out of time, we are in this room to open a portal into our world.Which is 500 years into the future for us.And if we dont leave now, we are as good as dead.

&#x200B;