Kulaid871
"... in short, our team has discovered a way to 'borrow' the magic of the other realms, creating an endless supply of free energy!"I paused to glance at the room.I have a really bad fake smile on my face.This was my worst nightmare.I hate crowds...I hate talking...   And I really hate talking in front of crowds.The large projector that was showing my life's work was blinding me a little, but I could make out audience just a little bit.They were all busy talking amongst themselves to even noticed that I had stopped talking.Man, I really hate the press.Clearing my throat before I spoke again."Ladies and Gentlemen, please.I know it's hard to comprehend, but Magic is real.In the darkness, I could see a hand popped up from the crowd.Finally, somebody was showing some interest in my work.I quickly turned off the projector, and the room lights turned out.I excitedly pointed at the man and said "Yes, yes, yes...  Sir, do you have a question?"A slender white man stood up, "You claim there are multiple universes, and you wish to 'steal' their magic...  Aren't you concerned about how the local population would respond?""Well, we are not stealing anything...   Magic is free flowing in the other universes.We just tap into it...  Like... Like Drilling for oil.""So...  We're are just going into somebody's else backyard and drilling for Magic without their permission?How is that not stealing?"the man said quickly in a stern voice."No...  you don't understand...  We are not stealing anyth-" I ended up muttering."You claim you have access to other universes, you're going to 'tap' into their source of magic without getting consent from anybody?How is that NOT stealing?"yelled the reporter."Because...There is NO local populace to speak of."I fumble with the projector controls.I made a mistake and turned off the room lights before even turning on the projector...   Cursing at myself, I finally got the projector turned on and pulled up a chart showing all the different universes.Angrily pointing at each type of universes we discovered."Look here, Here...  See?An universe with no earth.You know what no earth mean?It means no ground... No ground means no planets.And I don't know what you think, but Life kind of needs a planet to...  Well, to live on. "I angrily walk into the center of the projection, pointing at each universe types."Oh, and guess what?No water means there is no life either.No air?Guess what?No life.No fire?That means no sun, no stars, no nothing.Just a pile of hydrogen atoms floating around."After staring out into the darkness for far too long...  As I start calming down, I slowly start to come to the realization I might have made the biggest mistake of entire life.Taking a few big breaths, I slowly walked off stage with my head hanging low.What will the headlines read tomorrow?'Scientist Discovers MAGIC ans saves the world'...   or...  Will it read, 'Crazy scientist loses it in front of everybody!'...My wife comes up to me and said, "It could be worse.""How could it be worse?"I said frankly?My wife let out a small smirk and said, "It could have be worse, if you didn't also happen to also discover endless amount of Magic energy that could rewind time."