Quikmix
"I'm sorry sir, I'm not sure what to tell you.The $10 seems to simply be gone.""Huh, that's weird.I thought my money was insured.""I'm sorry sir, that service is no longer available to our "Silver Service" members at Goliath National Bank.Is there anything else that I can help you with?""Are you sure?Isn't that a federal thing?FDIC and such?""I'm sorry sir.If you'd like to upgrade your membership at GNB, our 'Platinum Protection Plan' ensures your peace of mind for a very low monthly fee of $10.We can also arrange to have you speak with one of our financial advisors to discuss how best to invest your savings.Our 'Integrated Investment Planning Program' ensures that our members are equipped with the best non-fiduciary financial advice available on the market..."

"Well, I guess that sounds pretty goo..."

"...and Markus is free right now, so if you'd like to meet with him, I can just upgrade your account and send him on over.You really want your money to be working for you.If you're interested, then it's important that you know that your account will...

"OK, yeah, let's do that.""....be assessed a small processing fee in addition to the IIPP service fees of $39--and that's an annual fee, so it's a really good value.That's great sir.Your business here at GNB is greatly appreciated.I'll just go ahead and upgrade your account.So, how is your day going today?""Well, I lost the ten dollars, so.."

"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.You're really going to be happy about the PPP.My neighbor doesn't even have that kind of protection, and I tell her...

"Uh huh..."

"...all the time that she really needs to be careful about protecting her investments because...

"uh huh..."

"...you never really know who may be trying to mislead...OK!Well, it looks like we're all set here.The changes to your account have been made and the charges are already processed.That was fast!You're going to be really happy about these changes.Excuse me a second while I call...

"Will there be a record of these upgrades?""...oh absolutely!In fact, the charges should already be reflected on your account.You can check that online, or it should appear on your monthly mailed statement if you're already signed up for our 'PAT' servi..."

"PAT?""Physical Account Tracking, sir.It's a mailed paper statement of your monthly transactions.Not a lot of people have this service as it's mostly aimed at our older members who prefer having a physical copy of their statement rather than monitoring their accounts online.In fact th..."

"Well, wouldn't most people just print their records themselves?""...the service is super affordable and at only $10 annually, it's less than a dollar per month.Well, I think that those members are really trying to avoid computers and the technical sides of their banking as much as possible, so we offer them the convenience of having the peace of mind that comes with a physical record of their account.OK, well I'm just going to give Markus a call.Just a moment.Hey Markus!I've got an upgraded member here that's just signed on for our IIPP.OK, Great!He's going to be right over sir.If you could  just step aside and wait, he'll be right with you.Than.."

"Oh, OK.  Well, thank you.""Thank YOU.I can help the next person over here please.""Hi, I'm Markus.I'm one of the NFCs here at GNB.How's your day going today?Kaitlyn tells me that you've just upgraded your account today and that you've signed on to our PPP and IIPP plans.That's great to hear.We're going to get you taken care of.Why don't you come on over to my desk so that we can talk about your plans for your savings.So, tell me a little bit about your decision to invest here at GNB.What would you like your money to do for you?What are the things that matter most to your future?Are you a homeowner?"Well, the whole reason I'm here was that there was ten dollars missing from my account..."

"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.You're going to love having that PPP.it sure takes a load off..."

"...and then she said I could meet with..."

"...your mind having that protection.So, let's get down to brass tacks.You've got $86,341 in your account, and you're probably looking...

"...someone to talk about letting my money..."

"to invest roughly two thirds of that which is fifty-seven-thousand five-hundred and sixty and sixty-seven cents.So right off the top we can put that into a  split between a growth-based money market account and if you want we can open up a Roth IRA in..."

"...work for me.""Oh absolutely sir.GNB is here to take care of you.Your business here at GNB is greatly appreciated.""Have you been doing this very long?""About eight months now.It's so much better than my last job and...

"Oh, what did you do?""...I don't have to be out in...Oh, I was in real estate.Yeah, it's been great and GNB is really good about working around my schedule because I'm trying to finish my econ degree at the univers..."

"Econ, well that makes sense"

"...ity.I'm just about done with my core classes.OK sir, well it looks like I've got those accounts set up for you and your account will reflect the appropriate changes.Your savings account now reflects a balance of $28780.33 with the majority of the balance going into the money market account.We can open a Roth with as little as $500, but I've maxed out your annual contribution at $6500 since...

"And can you tell me a littl..."

"...your account reflects that you're 52 years old and, just had a birthday in June.Well, happy belated birthday sir.""Thank you."I'm putting together a package of materials that tells you everything that you ne..."

"I'm sorry, can you tell me about the charges?""need to kn--.Of course sir.This package here outlines all of the information about the accounts that I've created for you and the charges are reflected right here on page 3 under the appropriate surcharges associated with each of the accounts that we've created for you..."

"Bu--"

"and if you ever need additional information you can call me and schedule a follow up appointment in addition to the annual consultation covered by your IIPP plan that Kaitlyn mentioned.So today's consultation is entirely free, which is great for you because after you've read through the materials in your packet you can give me a call and we'll get you all scheduled.""OK, well that sounds pretty good.I appreciate it.""Thank you.But we're really here to be sure that all of our GNB members are taken care of.We're here to work for you and ensure that you're as happy as possible with your banking--including your savings and investment portfolios.OK sir, so I need you to initial here where I've highlighted your contract.You can initial here."mmhmm.""here, and here.""mm"

"and just sign and date here.""here?""Yes, just there on the second line.Thank you!You're really going to love the IIPP and I look forward to working with and for you and your future.""Thanks.""Oh, I also need a signature here on page 14 where it states that your investments with GNB are your own and that GNB bears no responsibility for fluctuations in the market.It's basically saying that you understand that we're investing your money on your behalf.""Right here?""Yes, just there.aaand, if you could date it as well, that would be great.Pefect!OK, well is there anything else that we can help you with today?""I don--"

"Because if there's anything that we here at GNB are interested in, it's making our members as satisfied as possible.""Actually, Kaitlyn said that you guys really couldn't do anything about my $10.""Your ten dollars?""The ten dollars that went missing?""Oh, that's right.Well, did you know that in addition to to our 'PPP' that Kaitlyn told you about, we also offer a 'ROLE' service that you may--"

"Roll?""--be interested in.Our 'Retribution for illegally Obtained Loot or Earnings.'If you hold on a minute, I can call Tracy, our resident ROLE agent, and she can walk you through the service.I'm sure--

"OK."

"You'll love it.We've 'ROLE'd six members just this month, and they're all quite content."