ChipRockets
When Xaviers world changed, it started with fire.Burning tore through his head and he screamed.Flames licked at his skull, building behind his nose and eyes until he thought he might die.He fell to the floor, hands connecting painfully with the loose stones.He felt the knees of his trousers tear and warm blood began to trickle down his leg.When the second assault on his mind came, he screamed again.Rolling over, he buried the palms of his hands into his eye-sockets, desperate to force out the agony.And then it was gone.Where the pain had been, now was colour.It swirled and twisted and exploded into clouds of dust that settled in every corner of his mind.He shook his head, confused and suddenly afraid.He had never seen such colours before.The black he had been born into had been home for so long.He tried to focus on one of the colours, it was bright and magnificent.As he stared at it, it quickly morphed into yet another colour.He wondered if they had names, if anybody had ever seen such beautiful sights.And then he vomited.It happened so quickly he had no time to prepare.He felt it splash onto his hands and he grimaced before wiping them on his jacket.Crawling onto his hands and knees, he prepared himself to vomit once again.But it never came.Instead he felt pain building once more behind his eyes and clenched his jaw, balling and unbaling his hands into fists in nervous anticipation.Slowly the colours started to form again, but they were duller this time.Different somehow.He tried to focus on what was different about them when realisation hit him.The colours werent in his mind.They were real.He cried out, scrambled back across the floor on the palms of his hands, feet scuffing at the rocks.He closed his eyes, focused on calming his breathing.And then he opened them again.The dark was gone.In front of him was a grey and decaying barrier.Rising to his feet, he approached it gingerly and reached out his hand.Fingers brushed against similar bumps and cracks.The wall. The words left his mouth before he could stop them.The wall was dull and crumbling and quite the most beautiful thing in the world.Something caught Xaviers eye and he moved towards it.Big, bold shapes had been painted onto the wall.He squinted, wondering at their purpose.And then he saw similar shapes on the floor.The ceiling too had the same lines and angles.He spun around quickly.They were everywhere.Xavier felt his heart begin to hammer inside his chest and he took a step back.His foot caught on a stone and he rolled.He struck the floor hard and groaned.Dont tell them you can see.

His head jerked and he saw a shape standing in the doorway.The light was behind the person and Xavier instinctively held up a hand to stop the stray beams from hurting his eyes.Who are you? he said quietly.The figure stepped inside and crouched in front of him.It was a woman, he quickly realized.High cheekbones, narrow nose and oval chin.Xavier had felt many faces like that when his parents were teaching him to live with his blindness.Who are you? he repeated, firmer this time.Without a word the woman reached out a hand.Xavier took it and found himself being pulled to his feet with surprising strength.Dont tell them you can see, the woman repeated.Them?Who? Xavier asked, confused.Still holding his hand, the woman half-pulled, half-lead Xavier to the empty doorframe.Them. She nodded her head in the direction she wanted Xavier to look.Xavier squinted.The light outside was blinding and he found his eyes watering.It took him some moments to adjust to the world.When he did, he gasped.Outside the small town was teeming with people.Many were hard at work harvesting crops or washing clothes.Xavier even thought he recognised a few from the sounds of voices and laughter that carried through the air.But it wasnt the people that had caused Xaviers heart to skip a beat.In and among the people walked something else.He focused on one of the creatures.It was dark, incredibly so.And tall, taller than almost all the humans.And then it spoke.Xavier couldnt hear the words, but he realised to his horror that he recognised the voice.Rolf!

The woman beside him scowled.Aye.

But

Aye.Our town leader isnt even human. She shook her head as she spoke.Paint began to flow up Xaviers fingers and he realised he was digging his nails into the hard word of the broken doorframe.He pulled his hand away.No. His voice was weak and he coughed, clearing his throat.Yes.

Xavier shook his head and ran back across the room.What the hell is this.What is happening!

Shush man!You want to get us both killed? She followed him inside.Whats happening? Xavier demanded again, forcing himself to appear calmer.He could feel his breathing coming in short, sharp breaths and as the woman spoke, he focused on slowing the rise and fall of his chest.Aliens, she said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.Dunno the full story myself really.I only know they blinded us.But not all of us, as you can see. She smiled at her own joke and then gestured around the room.*Dont tell them you can see.* Xavier remembered and suddenly he realised what the large symbols on the walls meant.Who wrote this? Xavier asked, afraid he might not like the answer.The resistance.Of which you are now one.Its written in a shade of red.Aliens cant see it apparently.

Slow down, Xavier nearly shouted the words.What do you mean the resistance?Im not a part of anything.

You are Xavier, because now you can see.So youre either with us or youre dead.You have until I leave this room to figure out which option you want.

Xavier leaned against the wall and slid his body down it.He folded is head into his hands and let out a string of curses.Finally, he looked up at the woman, who stood staring disinterestedly at him whilst chewing on a large, bright apple.Ok, he said at last.She smiled, lips lifting to reveal round, white teeth.Welcome to the resistance, Xavier.