Wbarnhart
The security line in Terminal A  of LaGuardia International Airport, I knew the place, its smell, its awful late twentieth century chrome and slightly yellow decor.In all my decades of travel I had probably spent more time in this airport than any other.Im in hell, I must be, and its cold. I muttered to myself as the security agent beckoned me over.We could at least have done Newark.

 I looked down at my sleeves and tugged on my lapel.I was wearing a cheap grey suit.It the first suit Id ever had tailored and a significant upgrade from the hospital gown I had just been in.I glanced around, no suitcase, nothing, not even a book.Hell was cold indeed.Welcome, lets just see how long before you move out, the security agent punched on her computer.Whats your name and year of birth? 

Alexander Samuels, 1987 I read her name tag a habit from life, something I did with all security agents incase I needed to complain or attempt to assert some sort of authority and call a supervisor.Can you be anymore specific?I have seven of you born that year in America.Can we nail it down a bit more.You are American yes?Can you give me a place of birth?

I nodded and continued to stare at the badge.Amelia Earhart.The Amelia Earhart.An afterlife TSA agent?No.What!?I pointed at the badge.I had seen her picture probably a thousand times growing up and there she was standing in front of me.Yes.O.K.Its fine you can stop staring.You found me like everyone else eventually does.Now, please Mr. Samuels place of origin?

New York, I finally blurted.Ah here, it seems you have two books published, sold moderately well.No military history, nothing else of note.Youre looking at 200 years, you can get your boarding pass at gate 19.

Wait, what? I stepped passed the security checkpoint.There was no metal detector, x-ray belt or body scanner.Just the concourse with hundreds of gates.I looked back.Oh youre stuck here in purgatory until you are forgotten.Depending on the longevity of the internet you have about a 200 year wait.Good luck.Your lucky why do you think I found myself a job.You should probably find one too.The computer is usually wrong. She waved me passed.I sat down at the gate.200 years, the words echoed in my mind.I was only alive for 63 years.Buried my head in my hands trying to wipe the scene away.New guy. 

I looked up and vaguely recognized the face.Names Lenny Bruce,  he sat down next to me.How long you here for?
 
I stared at him through my fingers.That long?Whatd you do?Artist, actor. He paused.Author?

I pointed a finger in response.That sucks.Youre in print and what is it?Electronic now? 

I nodded.Short of an apocalypse you aint never leaving.They give you a cigarette?They used to give everyone cigarettes.Ive been dying for a cigarette for about a century now.

I shook my head.Listen maybe if your lucky youll get mistranslated.You should hear Socrates and Plato bitch about the apostles and how quickly they got out.Less than five centuries and all the names dates and places, translated, retranslated and mistranslated and so messed up no one remembered them at all and boom out.Of course, that was all before the printing press.

He stood up and straightened his blazer.Hell, even I was almost out.Then I ended up as a friend to some fictional character in some hit TV show that wasnt even on TV.That was several decades ago and now here we are.But hey, tonight, the original cast of Saturday Night Live is going to be doing a bit in Julia Childs restaurant next to gate 52.You should check it out. 

I leaned back a stared up at the awful fluorescent yellow lights.Dont worry the shock will wear off soon.When it does see if managementll get you a job here.They are trying to phase out some of the ancients from the bars.