mandydchew
When I got to the pearly gates I never realized they would be so *Vegas-y*

Shining bulbs of light, blinking lights all directing me toward my one destination.Did I make it?Did I make it?Would it be Heaven or would it be-

A man in a red movie theater uniform and cap stopped me from going forward.Do you have a ticket sir?

A ticket to wh-

To the gun show! He laughed, pulling out his flabby arm.Funny.Never heard that one before. I said and then I took a closer look at his face...

My God...

Yes.Come!See something!

But you look just like me- your face- I began, but he ushered me forward and sat me down in a huge, we are talking gargantuan this huge, theater.Do I even get some popcorn? I asked to which a row full of strange men in front of me turned around and simultaneously said shhh

Hold on, they werent that strange after all.They were like...me.They were all me.Like, they looked like me and sounded like me and even *shhhed* like me...But what were they all doing here exactly?Well a me got up and started to speak.Welcome to the day weve all been waiting for!! The theater burst into applause and turned backward to stare at me.What the hell is happening? I said.The me people all laughed in unison.Shall we begin the film? And then he pulled back a red velvet curtain and a weird movie began to play.It was bizarre.I had no idea what was going on.It must have been some weird Indy flick.But then I noticed a small baby boy was being handed to two people who looked exactly like me.They zoomed in on the babys face and it even looked like me too.The neighbors.The dog.All me...I arose from the theater and started to run.The me-usher from before ran after me.Are you ok?

Can I speak to someone?

Sure. He said smiling and pointed to himself.Me.Youre speaking to me.

I stared at him and shook my head.Thats exactly the thing.Is there anyone at all who doesnt look you.Or me.

I dont understand. He said.Whos in charge here?!

He laughed Weve been waiting for this day.For so many generations.

What day?I dont understand.

Weve been waiting for you.

But I am you.Right??

Youre too modest.Its ok. Ill tell you everything.Remember you wanted it to be a surprise?

A surprise?

You created me.Us.In your exact image.Were all your children.Please lets go back and watch what weve all been waiting for.

Watch what exactly?

The history of your human race.  

Im...my God...

Yes!Welcome, God!

...Damn, I thought...I really hope this thing has a good ending...

And as I slowly sat back down in my seat the veil was lifted.And I remembered who I was.And why I really was here.