Hangleton1995
"Cha Ye Seul," it whispers.I sit in my chair, my hands in my face.I can till remember the dagger we had to retriev.We didn't realize how powerful it was until we killed each other.I could still remember their masks of horror.Cassandra, Emma, Jackson, Yuuki, Kaya, Patel.Even Priscilla.All of them, dead.And I'm the only survivor.Why?"You know the answer, Cha Ye Seul," the dagger hisses."You survived because it is your role to bring them all back.Don't you want to see them smile again?To fight monsters and protect the world?Like you once did?"Protect the world--that's what we did as members of the Junior Occult Investigation Team, being mentored by the Council of Acyles.We did so much, prevailed through many challenges.This should be nothing.Yet...

"I-I don't want to," I croak, my body shaking."It's against the mandate!We're supposed to protect the people from monsters and magic in this reality, where such things have became public!""And look where it got you!"the dagger taunted."Your friends, dead.Your precious Council, who abandoned you, for you killed seven of your mentors.""All because YOU made me!"I screamed at it."You promised me I'd bring them back!If I sacrificed the souls of those who told us we could retrieve you."If the dagger has a body, no doubt it's smiling."It is justice.They sent you to die!It is only right for them to meet their ends, by YOUR hands.You only have one more..."

I look at it.One more... one more and this can end.And this person I have to kill--I bring out my smartphone and call her.Within an hour, my mentor shows up at the first floor of the restaurant I own.The chairs and tables are nearly patterned about the place, devoid of people.After all, who'd want to eat at some restaurant owned by the niece of Mr. Lee, the former "Flower of Mr. Lee", who was driven mad by loss, forced to kill members of the Council, one by one?However, the girl in front of me... she never gave up on me.She has blue and white hair, tied to a bun.She has a lean body, her round, smooth face, medium sized eyes, and pudgy nose looking at me with at warm smile.She has a sword strapped to my book."Ye Seul-ssi!"Eunice says.Then her smile falters."I undrstand your loss and why you did... what you did.However, I can't let you go.Come with me, face the Council, and we can make it work!"I nod at her.She smiles and puts a hand on my shoulder.Then... her face turns to that of horror.She chokes, looking at me, shaking.Her eyes are shaking, like they are trying to find out why things turned out like this.Blood on the floor.Blood on my hands.The broken body of someone I once revered as a sister.And yet...I feel nothing.I've killed so many that I feel nothing.The dagger shines.It says to me, "The deed is done and you have paid your price.Your friends shall live... in another reality!!"I look down at it, my hands shaking in fury."Wait, but that wasn't part of the deal!""Foolish child," it said."If I said everything, you wouldn't have done what you've done.They will live happily in another reality.As will you, as soon as you pay another price."I stare at it."What price...?""Your life.Not to worry you shall revive!In another reality.However, you won't recall any memories of your time with them in this reality... you will start fresh.As is the price of living from one realm to the other."Then I feel my arms, pushing deeper to my gut.I can't control it!I whimper, my eyes shaking.I can't control my body!At the end...I gave up.I feel the stinging sensation of the blade, entering my gut.I crumple to the floor, my vision blurring.Blur.Blur.Darkness.I hope... that I get reborn in that reality, where we are to be revered as heroes for generations to come... without turning to darkness...


Another reality... San Magos, CA

A monster gurgles blood as it crumples to the floor, dead.I sheathed my sword as my friends, inhale and exhale."Goddamn!"Jackson says."That was a hassle!""Psh, it wasn't THAT hard," Cassandra punches him in the gut."OW!"he cries.Emma puts her gloves on, the electricity dying around her."Good job, everyone!"An applause from the bystanders.We all scratch our heads.Yuuki hides from embarrassment, but become confident as soon as Kaya holds her hand.I smile at my team and the town we swore to protect.I can't imagine what it'd be like... if I lost them forever.