spideyknix
My eyes went wide with disbelief.I could feel the blood rushing to my head, my temples were pulsating and my capillaries were moving to deal with the rush of endorphins.I stood there mouth breathing in front of a scraggly, greyed man of about 50, bewildered at what to do next.Is he going to kill me?Have a feast?How did he get here?Quickly, before I responded I tried to remember every time traveling paradox and outcome I encountered during my research, but every thread I read on the internet I encountered more and more in-fighting and bizarre rants among the tight knit community.I tried to envision a thousand outcomes, but all I can remember is everything devolving into mom-jokes and Kermit memes.In my head it felt like hours had passed and I had to react for fear of what would happen next, I fumbled in my pocket for my artifact in the event I had to zip  fast, (Journal note: put in a trade mark for the name zip when time traveling as it feels as if you were a zipper unzipping when you leave and zipping back up when you arrive), and placed my free hand on the lever.Wait bro, dont portal out on me now!I have a grave warning for you. The young kind said.Portal?You used portal? I simply couldnt believe it.Incredibly excited he shouted out Yeah man, like the video game!Its awesome right? Meanwhile a pair of handmaidens appeared with a plate of bread, and a jug of what I could only guess was win.I could feel the anger rising in me and it was muddling my wits, in an effort to buy some time and get some info all I could say was Portal, bro great game
No doubt, only problem here is no electricity.I really miss gaming and weed.Thats the shit they dont tell you.the things you will miss.

They? A million questions came to my head.The young king began to laugh uncontrollably Yeah man, they..this must be your first portal, what an amateur!

I cut him off, simultaneously taking my hand off of my artifact I began to gesticulate wildly PLEASE STOP CALLING IT PORTAL!WHO ARE THEY?

Dude, chill the hell out, have some wine, and you can stop clutching your device I aint going to kill you, its against the portalers law.

I shook my head and tried to regain my emotions Jesus Christportalers law?

Sit down over here at this table, lets have a drink I will tell you all about it, by the way my name is King Solo, but my real name is Carter. He jumped down from his throne, and walked over to the table with me.Here buddy, set your artifact and device on this baller ass gold plate I got encrusted with diamonds.Hey girl, grab the plate of Gondor!

This guy has a sense of humor, likes LOTR, maybe this will go well I thought.Sweet name! I blurted out as I walked over to the table.As I was walking a young, gorgeous blonde girl with hazel eyes began walking over with a dazzlingly bright gold tray, and the other two girls brought the bread and wine over.Yeah, I know what you are thinking dude.Trust me, any chick is hittable.but you have to get over the teeth.

Huh?

Yeah man, no fluoride around here!

Oh.right. I exclaimed.I sat down and began to relax my guard, and placed my device and artifact onto the gold tray.The young king immediately eyeballed my set up and I began to feel slightly nauseous.Wow dude you really are dumb He lunged for both my device and artifact.I tried to beat him to the punch, but felt as if I was in a fever dream, my arms wouldnt move as fast as my neurons could fire.Simultaneously, a pair of arms grabbed me and stopped all movement.The young king jumped behind the table, eyes wide with delirium he shouted:

This has been a long frigging time, enjoy perpetual shits, STDs, and no electricity.I am getting the fuck out of here. And in bright flash he was gone.The mammoth grip on me immediately relaxed, however I could feel the hot stale breath on the back of my neck.I stepped forward and eventually turned around to see a behemoth staring down at me.He muttered one statement:

Your majesty.