mymindsofar
Just get a regular coke and popcorn bucket.It ain't a competition on who can get diabetis faster.Of course, that was hypocritical of me, but I knew my order well enough not to hold up the line.I rolled my eyes, and looked up from my...

Huh.I could have sworn I had been holding a phone.And I had the feeling I just came into the theater.Ticket already bought.James wasn't there yet, but maybe he was being held up at work.I must have just texted him.But my pockets were empty.At last, I looked around, only to flinch at the first face I saw.She looked back at me, smiling.With dimples, just like mine.I've heard somewhere that there's like seven people on Earth that supposedly look like you.Check mark on the first.I smiled back hesitantly and attempted once more to find my phone."Next please," I came up to the cashier, spoke my order like a well-known prayer and had all intention to reach for my wallet.Hah.Had I been robbed on my way to the cinema?And... forgot?"Um..." I tried, preparing to explain, but the bucket had already been placed there with my Fanta-Coca Cola mixture (movies are chosen in turns, this was only thing James and I could ever fully agree on)."Next please," the cashier said without giving me another look, and I shyly grabbed both and walked to the cinema.Once James gets here I can clear up the mess.Okay.My ticket.That I did have.I've found a spot to put down my stolen bounty and got it out of my back pocket.Room two hundred and fourteen.First row, seat twenty-five.When have I become such a forgetful imbecile?Who the hell voluntary books first row?I walked into the theater, a little irritated and anxious, sat down in the low light and tried to relax."Hey there," someone next to me said."Hi?"I replied, not used to being approached at the cinema."You're the new one, huh?"she asked."Excuse me?""Oh.Wow.They must be pretty busy these days.Catastrophes, wars...But they must have briefed you.""What," I said, still baffled by this crazy lady with long brown hair and a pointy nose.Kind of like...

"Okay, I get that it's weird.I was a big fan of your life.I really thought you were gonna get that new position, but that damn bus... You people keep your eyes glued to the phone all day, I felt it coming.Really sorry to hear it, nonetheless."I hoped that even in this dim lighting she could read my lost expression."I... lost my phone.""Not that you need it anymore.""Of course I do," I replied."I'm just hoping that my boyfriend is gonna be here soon..."

"Oh dear.They didn't tell you anything."She touched my arm."You're... you're dead Alena.""What the fuck is that supposed to mean?""We're about to watch our next life.All of us..." She waved around, and at once it became obvious to me why all the faces around me looked so similar.They had my face.Or I had theirs, technically."But..." 

And then the screen went on.No ads, but that relief lasted a handful of seconds when my own voice said, "Previously on our lives..."

"You know you can actually walk to work faster than drive, right?"James asked me.It was weird seeing myself next to him.Like watching a real movie based on my life.Only with me in it."Wanna bet on it?"I replied.What the hell was that smirk?Was that supposed to be cheeky?Flirty?It just looked downright creepy with the enormous bags under my eyes.Then a time jump, me walking down the street, still exchanging sarcastic messages with James.And then that freaking bus that came out of nowhere.So...Apparently that thing most people do, pretending to be in a movie, it's actually a thing.It's... real."God, I hate the format change.I liked it much better when it was less edited and dramatized.I used to lean back and enjoy watching lives," my chatty reincarnation told me between handfuls of popcorn."How was it before... you know, movies were invented?""Molly told me her previous incarnation's life was animated.How nice is that?"Then she shrugs."It just goes with the time.I think someone once told me it wasn't always in a movie theater, either.""So... can I see the whole thing?"She chuckles."Oh no dear.That's not how it works.We're about to see Sasha Reuter being born.She's the next one.I got high hopes for her."