zombie4269
Rose could not help it, the expectation of him running into the wall and falling with his bag had a laugh bursting forth.As the first utterance of laughter was being released, Roses breathing stopped.Michelle should have run into the wall and fallen.At worst he would have a bump on his head.The anticipation was quickly replaced with complete and utter confusion.Michelle Rose looked at the pillar with the numbers 10 and 9 in white circles on either side of it in the dusty old train station.Michelle had been walking right into the middle of that pillar, a smile so broad and eyes full of excitement.Michelle. Panic was rising in Roses voice.Rose walked toward the pillar and placed her on the solid brick where her son had walked into it.The scene replayed in her mind.Michelle had turned to smile and wave at her, rolling luggage in tow, then proceeded to walk into the pillar.Was there a puff of smoke or a shimmer when he walked through the wall?Michelle! Roses world was shattering.She checked one side then the other, before walking around the pillar.Have you seen a five-year-old boy? Rose, with panicked eyes, asked the random man walking by.Toward another random stranger that was walking on the ever-expanding platform, Have you seen my son? Someone had to have seen Michelle, but where was everyone.Spinning around Rose could only see the few passengers so far away, all of them politely ignoring the panicking young woman.Where is my boy! Rose screamed at the train conductor walking by.Inconsolable grief overwhelmed Rose as she was pounding on the spot where her darling little boy had disappeared into the pillar.When she woke, Rose found herself cuffed to a hospital bed.Her mind was foggy from the drugs that were given to sedate her.The room was dark except for the instruments monitoring her vitals and the glow of a street lamp through the window and reflected off the IV bag.There stood a tall dark figure, the black trench coat and wide-brimmed hat made along with the mind fog from the sedative made it hard to distinguish any features.My son, Michelle, where is he?It was supposed to be a prank.Like in the Harry Potter books. Coherent thoughts were so difficult, Rose wanted to get up and search for Michelle, but the side effects of the drugs made left her drained of strength.Tell me you found him.

Found him?Yes, we did. The voice was not quite human but Rose could not tell if that was the drugs or the trenchcoated mans actual voice.He will be an asset.It is rare for to find one so young.It will be a rough and brutal training though he will be trained to serve the Dark Lords army.If he survives that long. Rose could not fathom what the trenchcoated man was saying.The boy will only know service to the Dark Lord.He will soon forget you. He retrieved a long thin wand from an inside pocket and pointed it at Rose.Though you will never forget how you sold your only boy into slavery for five thousand pounds. The tip of the wand glowed as touched Rose on the forehead.There was no trenchcoated man or even the memory of Michelle walking into the pillar between the numbers 10 and 9 at Kings Crossing.Tears welled up in her eyes as the grief and remorse with the memory of selling her son to the man in a trench coat and wide-brimmed hat.She regretted selling her son, and she began sobbing.The shame Rose felt would be believed by no one.