FeelSickCaz
Did you enjoy your Christmas? Reggie asked his daughter, Anne.She sat amongst the piles of shredded wrapping paper, boxes and tissue paper with a sullen look on her small face.Her golden curls bounced around her pouting face as she shook her head.When those bright blue eyes met his, he knew instantly what she was thinking.You know Santa couldnt fit a pony into his sleigh. He said.Annes eyes began to glitter with the promise of tears."He has a strict "no animals policy. Marie, her mother spoke up, squeezing Reggies hand reassuringly.The subject of a pony for Christmas had been a big issue for Anne this year and Marie knew how much it killed Reggie not to give his little girl everything she asked for but a pony was just outside of their realm.A housing development in the suburbs of Philadelphia is not a place for ponies.They tried to placate Anne with the promise of riding lessons after the New Year but that didnt soften the blow or the little girls insistence on obtaining an equine friend.As Annes bottom lip started to quiver, a clear indicator that a sob-fest was on its way, a throaty engine roared loudly outside.Maries eyes narrowed a bit at the sound and as she quirked an eyebrow up at the unusual sound for the quiet neighborhood, Reggie stood up to investigate.The sound grew louder before the squealing of brakes echoed right outside their front windows.He peeked through a lifted corner in the pale  linen curtains that hung in the bay window and as his eyes grew wide a small whimper escaped his lips.What is it, Reg? Marie jumped to her feet to join him.Did you do this? He looked at her as she gawked at the sight outside.You know we cant afford this.You told me we cant afford this.
	
Marie only shook her head in silence as she watched the 70s style black Cadillac El Dorado pull into their modest drive, towing behind it a red steel horse trailer.When it came to a stop, the trailer rocked violently as the animal inside thrashed and cried loudly.Slowly, the drivers door opened and out stepped a rather short and round gentleman dressed in a fine gray suit and brightly polished black leather shoes.He wore no coat despite the bitter cold temperatures outside and as he stood, surveying the home in front of him, he gently tugged off black leather driving gloves.He reached inside his suit coat and exchanged the thick black sunglasses for thick black rimmed glasses.He blinked several times and smoothed back his thinning gray hair.He practiced a smile in the tinted glass of the Cadillac, and adjusted the straightness of the bright red bow tie that adorned his neck.With a nod, he turned and walked to the familys front door.Stay here. Reggie told Marie as he cautiously made his way to the front door.No sooner had he arrived then the doorbell chimed.The usual cheery bell tone sounded strangled and it fizzled out before finishing its work.His hand shaking, Reggie reached for the knob and slowly opened the door.The man in gray looked at Reggie for a moment before putting on his practiced smile.His teeth were bright white and very straight and they practically glowed against the dark tan of his skin.C-can I help you?
	
The man in gray looked down for a moment at a small envelope that was in his left hand, checked the address against the numbers next to Reggie's front door and his smile grew a little wider.I am looking for Anne. His voice was deep but rough, like someone that had smoked a pack of cigarettes a day for the last forty years.There was a scream from the trailer and it rocked again, almost lifting off of its tires as it rocked left to right.Smoke curled from the slats in the steel as if something was on fire inside.Marie rushed to Reggies side, grabbing at his arm for support.The man in gray looked at her the smile never fading.How do you know Anne? Her voice was shaky but she stood up straight.The man in gray held up the envelope.There, in Annes handwriting, in her favorite green ink pen was a letter addressed to "Mr. Satan".Her name and return address in the upper left corner and small heart stickers randomly on the envelope.Maries breath stuck in her throat and her heart thumped wildly.No.This was a joke.Santas not real, Satans not real?How She couldnt even get in enough air to ask the full question aloud.You must have more faith in the United States Postal service, madam. The man in gray said.He gingerly opened the envelope, unfolded the pink paper and adjusted his glasses before reading...

Dear Mr. Satan,

I have been a very good girl this year.I have asked my mommy and daddy for a pony this year for Christmas.It is all I want but they say no.Daddy told me to write a letter to you to see if you would bring me a pony.I would really like a pony.Love,
Anne Deale, age 6

	
He folded the letter with care, tucked it back inside its envelope and into his suit coat pocket.The thick lenses of his glasses made his black eyes seem bulbous.He looked back and forth between the adults, waiting.With a sigh he spoke, I must admit, I dont get very many letters these days but when I do, I try to respond to each one personally. 
	
There was another loud crash from the trailer, followed by more smoke and shrill whinnies.By now, the neighbors were looking out their windows at the spectacle at the Deale house.A few even stood on their porches in their bathrobes, huddled against the chill to watch.Anne ran to the door squealing in excitement.A pony!You brought me a pony! She shoved between her parents and rushed out to the front yard.The man in gray tracked the little girl as she moved.She ran to the side of the trailer, jumping up and down trying to get a look at what was inside.We cant take it. Reggie surprised himself as the words fell out of his mouth.The man in gray snapped his head back to Reggie and the smile faded.Of course you can. 
	
No, we really dont have a place for it.I mean thank you?We cant take care of whatever is in there.
	
The man in gray looked down his nose at Reggie.He nodded once and snapped his fingers high in the air.Two little men jumped out of the Cadillac and rushed to the back of the trailer.Anne squealed with delight as she followed them, unafraid in the slightest at this odd spectacle.The little men chirped in a language neither Reggie nor Marie could recognize as they slowly opened the back ramp of the steel trailer.The animal inside kicked the door open the rest of the way, sending one of the little men flying into the street.Off leapt a black what might have been a pony at one time.Its skin was in patches, some muscle and bone showing through.Its face was a horrific skull with bits of stringy hair attached.Its body steamed like it had recently been on fire.It looked around wildly, screaming so loud that it made Marie wince.Anne only ran to it, hands outstretched, giggling.The pony stood still as she approached and allowed the little girl to pet and hug it.She danced with glee and beamed brightly back at her parents.Thank you Santa! Anne cried as she wrapped her arms around the ponys neck, her arms sinking into the soft gooey flesh that remained.Please my dear girl, call me Lou. The man in gray smiled back at her.Mr.Lou, Reggie coughed.What are we supposed to do with this thing?
	
Feed it, love it.I dont know.Its yours now. He shrugged.Dear God. Marie muttered.Lou frowned at her.He had nothing to do with it.I went out and picked this beast up myself for her.Dont you forget it. Lou growled.They watched in silence as Anne ran around the front yard, the pony horror chasing and striking after her.Reggie and Marie couldnt tell if the pony was playing or truly trying to attack their little girl.Lou clapped his hands together signaling to the little men to close up the trailer.Well, I must be off.Do enjoy the rest of your holiday. He nodded in good bye and walked back to the Cadillac.Before opening his door, he called to Anne, beckoning her.She skipped over happily, her bare feet bright red from the cold damp ground.He pulled out a small package from his pants pocket and handed it to her.When she opened it she held up a small golden brush.A brush for my pony! She shrieked, so excited she shook.Getting her attention once more, he placed a hand on her shoulder and spoke softly.Reggie couldnt hear what he was saying but Anne nodded, her smile getting wider.Finally, Lou patted her on the head and sent her back to her pony.He looked back at the couple in the doorway, their faces pale and in shock.He switched out his glasses for the sunglass and sunk down into the drivers seat.The engine of the Cadillac roared once more and he casually backed out.He honked the horn, waving at Anne as he slowly drove away, trailer and all.Marie sunk to her knees, shaking, still gripping Reggies arm.He let out a shaky breath.What the hell were they going to do with it?Anne, clearly smitten with her pony, continued to play with it as it steamed and screamed around their small front yard.Anne, Reggie called softly.He didnt trust his own voice to speak louder.He could barely think as it was.Yes, daddy? She giggled as she threw her arms up in the air.The demon pony snorted and reared on its hind legs, mimicking her.What did he tell you?
	
He thanked me for the letter.
	
Reggie joined his wife on the floor just inside their front door.He wrapped her up in his arms.I suppose thats not too horrible. He muttered, kissing his sobbing wife on the head.Oh!And hed be back very soon to collect for my pony! Anne giggled.Shit. Reggie muttered._____
Edit: This is my first ever WP and I had to fix format.Sorry!