Elemen0py
The tips of my fingers began to tingle.*For fucks sake.*

I rolled my eyes and cursed under my breath then turned to meet my wifes gaze.which is great but its his English results that Im worried-

My well-rehearsed apology face had cut her off.She scrunched up her lips and drew in a breath then gave a less than half-hearted attempt at a reassuring smile.Got your phone?

I gave my jeans a pat and recognised the familiar brick in my right front pocket despite the, now significant, tingling in my hands.Yeh

K.Call me if you need me to finish cooking dinner, she offered as she turned and headed down the hall.God forbid, I muttered.Fuck off.  She lazily threw up a finger as she disappeared into the living room.I gave my outfit a once over to make sure that I was presentable and then waited for the usual drill to-

Shit!The drill!

Whaaa-? She queried from the living room, softened by a mouthful of funions.Nothing!

I cautiously made my way down the hall.The tingling in my feet had become a numbness and they felt heavy and unresponsive.Pushing through the back door, I aided myself down the steps with the handrail.I noticed a whiteness in my knuckles and attempted to loosen my grip but overestimated and stumbled down the last two steps.*Son of a-*

You ogay, aby? Pringles this time.Yeah, I lied, rising to my feet.As I waddled my way to the shed the hum began, then rapidly escalated to a low rumble.I rounded the door to the shed, quickly scanned the mess before me and found the drill on the bench next to the door.I reached for it too late.The rumble crescendoed in an instant and I screwed my face up in anticipation of the snap.I think my wife may have called out but Im not sure.---


As the hissing subsided I began to make out her words.Yelling.EIGHT WEEKS AGO BUT YOU NEVER FUCKING LISTEN TO M- oh come the fuck on.

Through squinted eyes I saw Liz standing six feet in front of me in her kitchen, her husband, Paul, leaning sheepishly on the bench across the room from her.She had noticed my arrival and now stood with hunched shoulders, one hand on her chest, the other on her forehead.I was used to seeing her frustrated.I could barely remember her as anything else.I fucking TRIED, ok?  She turned her head to me but the comment was meant for Paul.Cmon hon, he reassured her, raising his hand to cut her off and walking across the room towards her.It's not your fau-

She brushed his hand aside and stormed upstairs.I made an effort to look away as a very defeated Paul watched her stomp out of sight before he turned to me and shrugged.I tried to return the sentiment but felt that Id mimicked him a little closely and looked away awkwardly.Oh!Uh Dude? Paul looked at me expectantly.I returned a puzzled expression which prompted him to make a drilling action with his right hand.This was the fourth occasion that I'd seen Paul since he had asked me if he could borrow my hammer drill.Oh!Fuck!Yeah I- man, this time I swear it was like I motioned the approximately foot-wide span with which I had missed the drill back at my shed.Uh-huh.Thats what she said, buddy.  He seemed proud of himself.Oh, Liz been talking about me again?
Circumstance had since lowered any boundaries between our two families when it came to humour.Ooooh, ok.  Ok, I see.Can I interest you in a whole bag of dicks?  He accentuated the delivery with a handful of his junk.A whole- dude A bag?Like a whole I mean you know you need to get that looked at, right?Ive got this great person plenty of experience checking out mine.Let me see if I can remember the name of- oh yeah!Your wife.

Paul laughed.Just bring the fucking drill next time!I mean I guess at least it wasnt toilet paper this time, eh?

Paul would never allow me to forget the occasion that I had fallen asleep on the throne at three in the morning and appeared in his walk-in wardrobe, sitting on the wash basket with a toilet roll in hand when Liz had thought that she had seen a spider.Need a lift? Paul offered.Nah, thanks.Im good, I lied.My wife had long since given up offering me rides home.She knows that I want to do everything that I can to lessen the burden.Just tell Liz to keep positive, be confident, in control you know.

Yeah, man.  He closed his eyes and nodded.She knows.


   ---


The street lights came on as I rounded the final corner towards my house.The walk rarely bothered me.There was the occasional early (and I do mean early) morning or times when it was an annoyance to be pulled from my current task but it was only five or so blocks, one of which was through a park.There had been opportunities to move even closer, but nowhere good for the kids.That, and I dont want to be any closer than I absolutely have to be.The smell of burning organic matter hit me as soon as Id opened the front door.I entered the kitchen and managed to stifle a giggle as I discovered my wife leaning over a pot on the stove with a spoon raised to her lips, face pursed in disgust.She noticed me and dropped the spoon into the pot, replacing the lid and brandishing the tea towel, with which she had held the lid, over her shoulder.No!Dont you fucking start!  A smile betrayed her.Uh huh?  My own smile was rewarded with a tea towel to the face.If you want me to cook normal people food like a normal peoples then you can go out and work all day, Mister!  Her pout made the delivery childlike and playful.She has a habit of using the voice when shes feeling bratty and it kills me.Every time.I tossed the tea towel on the bench and embraced my wife.I placed my hands on her cheeks and squeezed until her lips were smooshed together and lightly shook her head while giving her the crazy eyes.I fucking love you so.Damn.Much.You know that?

Awiite, awright, jesus big guy No need to get all silence of the lambs, she teased as she fought my hands away.I put a hand around her waist to pull her closer but my dubious intentions were put to rest when our son entered the kitchen and, without looking up, headed to the fridge and opened the door, surveying its contents.Whats for dinner?

I lifted the spoon from the pot, tasted the bitter liquid, and made a disgusted face at my wife.She poked out her tongue and I bit the air in front of her.She faked an expression of shock then bit me on the chin.Ouch!Shi- uh Vers.Shivers.  I turned to our son.I dunno buddy, what do you feel like?

Ummmm, he closed the fridge door.Pizza?Can we go to Roccos?

I considered the state in which Id left Liz and gave my wife a discouraging look.She smiled and gave me a nod.How about we go pick some up.Dad can stay home so you can ride up front.

K.  My son raced off down the hallway.Oh did you grab the dish?

The what? I asked.I asked you- oh never mind.

My wife smiled, kissed me, and turned toward the door.I gave her a pat on the bum and watched her leave.*I fucking adore that woman*