Edible_Circumstance
(Not exactly senile but I liked the idea of an aging hero and a young, sympathetic villain).Lightning crackled as a bolt screamed across the pavement, filling the air between the dock warehouses with a blinding blue flash.Tempest frowned as it struck Captain Tomorrow in the chest.You used to be faster He mumbled as he slowly walked towards the twitching, barely conscious form of the aging hero.You had it all: strength, speed, intelligence.Some even claimed you had telekinesis He knelt next to the large man and put a hand on his chest.Just as Captain Tomorrows eyes closed, Tempest let out a small burst of electricity from his palm and Captain Tomorrow sprang up suddenly.Im not done with you yet, old man.

Why dont you just kill me? the defeated hero growled, his breathing ragged, one eye fused shut by lightning.Isnt that what you do?

You think Im a murderer?! Tempest shouted, hoisting the gigantic man through the air with all his might and shoving him against the brick wall before releasing him and turning away, staring up at the moon.Ive never killed a soul He whispered.Captain Tomorrow tilted his head.Why had Tempest turned his back?The nave inexperience of a young villain?No, he had won this fight.He wasnt stupid.What was his game?Doesnt matter youve hurt plenty with your villainous actions. He spat.Tempest turned back to the hulking figure sitting propped up against the wall; an artifact, a stalwart defender of a time long past.Why do you fight? He asked the old man, staring into his greying eye.I- I fight for Captain Tomorrow stammered, looking for the words.I fight for justice.I fight for those who cannot.I fight to keep evil at bay and t-

Cut the bullshit! Tempest sneered for a moment before taking a breath and regaining composure.I dont want to hear that canned crap.I want to know why YOU fight.This world is broken.Things arent like they were.Lines have crossed, black and white have fused into a blurry grey.Heroes and Villains dont exist anymore.The Coalition of Defense dried up ages ago and your friends with it.Red Flag is locked up underground with dementia because it was too expensive to attempt rehabilitation, Carrion is doing street performances for food, and Lightfoot offed himself after that false rape allegation had him labeled a menace to all.The world is not on your side.The PEOPLE are not on your side why are you on theirs?

Captain Tomorrow stared with a wide eye at the young man standing before him.There was such passion in his words.A tear escaped the big mans eye, followed by another and another.Soon a steady stream of tears flowed down his cheeks as he ran a hand through his sparse, greying hair and let out an exasperated laugh.Its all I know He cried.Its all I know.

Tempest frowned at the big man out of pity.This he said, gesturing towards the broken relic of a man This is why I fight. He walked over and slid down the wall to sit next to Captain Tomorrow.As the man wept next to him, Tempest pulled out a cigarette and lit it with a spark from his thumb.Youve been at this for 50 years, started while you were just a kid.You got picked up by the Coalition of Defense and made a career out of stopping Villains who wanted to destroy the world or rule it.But as time went on, those Villains found other ways to make their mark.They traded in their capes and lairs for three-piece suits and skyscrapers.Turns out ruling the world or destroying it is a lot easier than anyone thought. He took a long drag of the cigarette and passed it to the old man who took it warily and began to smoke.So why do you fight? The hulking figure asked, wiping the tears from his face.I dont understand.You say that the villains are no more but you steal and destroy property, you cause mayhem.Why do you do it?

Tempest sighed and looked at the ground.My father taught me to stand up for what I thought was right.He said that sometimes people would try to tell me I was wrong but if I listened to my heart, I could never fail.Those villains he fought are running the show now.Theyre in the corps, the government, and the law enforcement.Even our once renowned heroes dont get the care and respect they deserve because those who could get it done dont care.Not all of them are corrupt but like I said, everything is grey now.Its hard to distinguish between the good and the bad.All I have left to follow is my heart.

The old man put his head in his hands.Maybe Im too old for this.Ive been defending this city for so long and not once has it defended me.Your path sounds like vengeance but perhaps its just the way of the world now. He sighed and dropped the cigarette into a puddle.What a world it is where people like you are the only ones who seem to give a shit.
Tempest smirked and hopped to his feet extending a hand toward the big man who hesitated before taking it and clambering to his feet.Come on.Lets go home dad.