jdog4288
As I lay awake in my bed, never once my own thoughts rang through my head, always those of an unfamiliar persons, I toss and turn as the voice rings clear as in my own head, "Turn around.... Did I find you?"The color in my face drains as I stare at my wardrobe, *Please....dear God say it isn't so....*

"Oh....It is so, and for thirty seven years.....I've had your sick perverted thoughts ringing through my head, and I am done."She presses a hand into my mattress climbing into the bed."I really want to meet the man whose thoughts have intruded my mind for as long as we've been alive...." Her other hand lays along my chest and pulls me to face her.*No no nononono.....* My stark white face turns and what I see is....Impossible, sans the long hair she looked exactly like me, mousey brown hair, deep green eyes with specks of brown throughout, a sharp pointed nose with enormous caterpillar eyebrows.I blink a few times and have a tough time imagining why we were so familiar."You....look just like me!"*What the fuck....* My mind is reeling as I seem to stunned to say or think anything.My mouth opens and only a gasp comes out.Finally I gather my thoughts, blinking a few times a thought comes to mind.... *I'm glad I'm not vain.....*

A chuckles comes from the look alike girl, "That would make this a whole lot more awkward...." I stare at her in disbelief... forgetting for a moment that one, she broke into my house, and bee, she can hear every single thought of mine."Wh....How did you find me?"I state with an abruptness that would put most brakes to shame."Why are you here?Why is this happening to us?I've been on medication for something nobody understood for literal decades.....It never helped....Your voice still shone through even at a maximum dosage.... Did you still hear your own thoughts?Too....many questions...." The color returns to my face as I reach up to grab my ears and squeeze away the torrent of questions welling up inside my mind.Her face flushes red as she screeches, my what a noise... As if there is a microphone with terrible feedback....

-----

I wake up the next morning strapped to my comfortable bed....

"Turn around..... Did *I* find *you*?"A familiar, yet unfamiliar to my ears, voice calls to me from the floor....


=====
Thanks for reading, my first time writing... And posting here!Hope it was a good read!