LandoCommandoe
I awoke to gunshots cracking through the air.When I opened my eyes, I was no longer on my bed but laying in the desert sand.A man in black was standing over me glistening in the sun with a gun in each hand.The man was dressed in black, wearing a black trenchcoat and a black cowboy hat.His face looked like a mask with eyes as dark as coal.He is what I would imagine having been the last gunslinger from the old west.He stared down at me and in a deep gravelly voice said Lets go and started walking across the endless desert.Where the fuck am I?I looked all around and saw nothing but sun and sand in all directions.I followed the gunslinger.We walked for what felt like days.I swear we passed the same cactus and boulder a dozen times.I tried to ask the man in black where we were but he ignored me.In silence we kept walking the sandy desert in the scorching hot sun.What kind of high is this?The sun was almost to the horizon as daylight became dusk when the man in black finally decided to stop.Well camp here for the night. He said.We need a fire.

Camp?Here? I asked finally sitting down to rest my legs, In the middle of the desert?Isnt there a hotel or at least a tent we can sleep in?

The Gunslinger was already building a fire.I dont know where he found anything to burn in this wasteland, but I decided it was best to not ask.He didnt seem to answer any of my questions anyhow.You sleep and I'll take watch. said the man in black who was now sitting on the sand cleaning his guns.What are you watching for? I asked looking out across the desert seeing nothing but what looked like the same cactus and boulder up ahead I had seen many times before.Were not in your world anymore, son. He said as he started reloading his guns.This world has demons and youre lucky I found you before they did. 

Did you say were not in my world? I asked but The Gunslinger ignored my question.Can you at least tell me where are you taking me? I asked yawning.All of that walking seems to have finally caught up with me.We got a train to catch, He said.Thats enough palaver for tonight.Go to sleep.We got a long day ahead of us tomorrow if we want to catch that ghost train.

I was too exhausted to say another word.Maybe when I wake up Ill be back in bed and this weird dream will be over.I laid down and quickly fell asleep.***

I woke up to the crack of gunshots for a second time.He has got to stop doing that.He is going to give me a heart attack.I opened my eyes and saw The Gunslinger firing off into the darkness.My eyes finally adjusted to the pitch black darkness; I could see sets of red eyes watching us from every direction.We were surrounded.Stay close to the fire. The Gunslinger said as he reloaded his revolvers.The gunshots and fire should keep them back, but if they decide to attack there isnt much we can do.

Those are the demons? I asked as I scooted back next to the fire.They are he said as we watched the red eyes slowly start to creep up closer and closer to our fire.The Gunslinger would occasionally fire into the darkness to scare them back a bit but it would only last a few minutes before they started moving closer again.After what could have been hours or minutes, time is weird on that side, they attacked all at once.The Gunslinger let loose with deadly accuracy dropping demon after demon but there were too many.They were going to swarm us.I stood their useless watching them approach.The Gunslinger reloaded his guns and yelled Make a torch using the fire.The demons hate fire! I grabbed a large branch out of the fire and held flame out away from me.I wish I had a gun.Those demons are not going to be afraid of a little stick with some fire on the end.The Gunslinger moved back closer to the fire and unleashed hell with his guns taking out one after the other.He spun in all directions hitting anything that moved close enough to see in the firelight.A few made it past his bullets and ran towards us to attack.I held my torch out and swung it at the demon causing it to back up briefly.The small hesitation was enough for The Gunslinger to blow their head off splashing their green blood and guts all over me.The darkness finally started to give way to sunlight and the demons disappeared into the desert.I dont know where the demons went since there was no place to hide out there.I was just happy to have survived their attack.We took a few minutes to rest and collect ourselves.Time to get moving,  the man in black said.We got a long way to go to catch the train

Before we left I walked over to one of the dead demons near our camp.The Gunslinger had shot it right between two of its eight red eyes.It laid dead in the sand on its back with all eight of its legs up in the air.I looked closer and the demon looked like a giant diseased spider, larger than most dogs.I have always hated spiders and I was happy to see this giant spider demon dead.Are you some kind of God? I asked.No.Im no God. He laughed.Think of me as a delivery man.I am just getting you to where you need to be safely and on time.  

I died didnt I? I asked.More or less the man in black replied.We continued to walk and I started to hear voices in my head sing a beautiful song [Come Aboard the Train.Itll be okay.It will be okay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.be&t=220). When I heard the lyrics a calmness started to pass over me.But I am still alive? I asked.I could wake up and be alive again?

The man in black slowed down until I was walking beside him and he looked over at me.Son, Ive seen your life and it wasnt pretty.Nobody should want to go back to that.

I looked down.I can turn my life around. I lied, the same lie I have told my ex-wife many times before.This aint no Disney movie kid. He said.Im not here to show you how your life could be if you made better choices.We both know what your life was like back there.That aint no life son.That aint no life at all.

He was right.When I look back at my life, I know I wasted the last few years of my life.I have lost my job, my family, even my kids hate me.I wasnt always like this.The hole I dug myself in was just too deep to climb out of.We continued to walk in silence and I thought more about life.Could I change it?Could I survive the withdrawals this time?I have tried to quit countless times but withdrawals are worse than death itself.I held my head down low knowing the answer to the question I was asking myself.The song in my head became louder [Come Aboard the Train.Itll be okay.It will be okay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.be&t=220).''I've never heard anything like it, but somehow it made me forget about all the mistakes I had made in my life.It didnt matter anymore.Youre right, I said.Im always right. He said.Life isnt for everyone partner.If things had been a little different who knows what could have been.

If things could have been a little different.I thought about the car accident.If there was no car accident, I never would have got addicted to those pills.If the doctor would have weaned me off instead of cutting me off cold turkey, I never would have had to buy pills on the street.Then I never would have bought heroin.I would still have a job.I would still be married to my wife.I would still get to see my kids every day.If one small thing could have been different.How much longer do we have?I asked.Not long, but we cant stop. He said.The ghost train is always on time.

Is that where the song is coming from? I asked.It is.The song never fails to bring happiness to my face.It is beautiful isnt it. Said the man in black.Up ahead in the distance, I could see what looked like a building starting to appear.That is the station isnt it? I asked.It is, The Gunslinger said.That is your final destination. 

Those things last night, the demons, I began to ask.They would have taken you to Hell, said The Gunslinger.I am the protector of the dead.I walked this path alone when I first died and I make sure nobody else has to. 

It took a minute to grasp what he had said.Suddenly everything felt real.I was dead.Thank you, I said.For saving me from Hell. 

We approached the station and the song continued to play [Come Aboard the Train.Itll be okay.It will be okay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.be&t=220). I could see the train coming up in the distance and a wave of pure happiness overtook me.I stood next to The Gunslinger as the train to pull into the station.The Gunslinger handed me a ticket and told me to get on the train.Do I have to get on? I asked.Is it too late to go back?

The ghost train leaves with or without you, he said.My job was to get you here.What you do now is up to you.

The train doors opened and I was overcome with pure joy.The happiness I felt at that moment can not be described or experienced here among the living.All Aboard, the conductor said as the train doors opened.I stood on the platform and saw the train was filled with my loved ones who had already passed on.I saw my grandpa.The man I saw as a hero.He was standing up front waiting for me to join him.I could not help but weep.Now Boarding!Last Call!

Thank you for everything, I said to the Man in Black.What is your name?

Roland, The Gunslinger said.We shook hands then he turned and walked away back and I stepped onto the train.