SquiblyTennisballs
Alright men, this is what weve been training for!

Charles Bolden, Director is NASA, stood side by side with Ridley Scott, Director, as screens and computers exploded with life within the control room.Satellites oriented themselves, computer data banks across the globe connected, and a variety of experimental and top secret space craft were deployed.Everything was on the screens.Everything came together in perfect synchronization.NASA employees took to their terminals, bringing various systems online, while hundreds of people organized themselves on a dozen different radio channels.To their left, faces appeared on a monitor, the presidents of China, France, and Russia blinked into view, along with the prime ministers of Israel, England, and half a dozen other countries.Black folders opened on the desk revealed a cover form with the words Operation Dogma on the front, and a few visible pages listed names, orders, and contingencies of everyone involved.We knew this was an eventuality, gentlemen.Humanitys greatest weapon has been discovered and captured, and were going to get him back, Director Scott said, This is it.

Is everyones team in position? Director Bolden asked to the heads of their respective states.He was given an affirmative from everyone.Bring them Commanders up on the screen.

Immediately the view changed and men in space suits appeared, half of them already buckling their harness in.Voices sounded off as the pilots and copilots checked in.Wheres Commander Affleck? Bolden asked.Sorry sir, Commander Affleck standing by.I had to switch out my Batsuit for the Space Suit, Ben explained, ruffling his already messy hair with a gloved hand.Do we have Houston? Scott asked.Yes sir, Buzz Aldrin here.Houston is good to go. The aging voice of the moonwalker acknowledge

Then we are go, I repeat.We are go.The alien space craft is being tracked and is currently turning away from the planet.Looks like theyre moving to retreat.We have to get our ships off the ground now.

Commence coundowns! Scott instructed.All across the planet, advanced space craft moved into positions.It was a well choreographed waltz with everyone in time, dancing with the confidence of people who had been practicing for decades.Twenty two years theyd known and been preparing, and now it came down to this.Citizens the world over marveled as sixty launches occurred simultaneously, sending the interplanetary vessels soaring in the great abyss on the coat tails of the alien craft.Matt... were coming for you. Ben whispered, his voice heard across all channels.Up they rose, sleek, silvery gray ships.Fast, agile and powerful.They moved with a purpose, and within an hour they were passing the moon - a feat never before seen.The alien craft, a disc shaped vessel, barely visible against the black, burned its thrusters.But their speed was not hastened by a sense of victory, but a sense of dread.Humanity was gaining faster than they anticipated.Boarding patties ready!Marines ready!?

Hoorah! They shouted in response.The ships sped up next to the fleeing alien ship and moved into formation.Grappling hooks fired from the ships latching on to the flying saucer, and reeled the Human ships in close.Then docking clamps followed the cables down, and latched tight, before the marines placed charges and blasted their way through the inky black hull.At the head of the charge, Ben Affleck and his marines boarded the alien vessel, weapons raised and while their armaments were not as fast as their ships, they moved without fear.Death came to all who stepped in front of the assault teams, and when they found him they showed no mercy.The two directors listened impatiently, on edge, tense, as Commander Affleck entered the ships control room.They found Matt surrounded by aliens speaking in their native language, but the tone was not forceful or threatening, but terrified.Without hesitation the strike team took aim and fired, and in moments it was over.The the called for retreat was sounded, before the teams disembarked the alien cruiser.As the ships separate, cannons powered on the appeared from their hiding places within the hull of the human crafts.Mighty rail guns took aim at the enemy ship, but before firing Commander Affleck opened up a wide band communication, which they broadcast across the Milky Way.Let this be a warning to everyone out there.We are here.Come for him if you dare.

Then they opened fire, dozens of rail guns sounding off at once.And in a brilliant flash of purple the hull of the ship buckled, then exploded.And the humans turned and returned home, one man heavy... 

Glad to have you back, buddy. Affleck said to Damon, sitting behind him in the ship.Thanks man.Now lets go home.