DanJdot
(So having written this, I realise I've cocked up the bank robbery part.I'm not changing a thing because 1st drafts for life!)I've been chasing this cunt for half an hour and I'm way passed fucking pissed.Offically I'm meant to let tossers like this go, endangering public safety and all, be a good London Met Officer, but I couldn't care less anymore.Walkie out the window, it's been just me and him for the last five minutes.That cop-killing bastard.This is why we need guns.He killed George and instead of doing me in which would have been smart, he stops.He had me on my knees and I can still feel the kiss of the hot steel on my forehead.Un-fucking-forgivable.My eyes were closed.It's the most scared I've ever been; pretty hard to maintain composure when your entire vision focuses on the black in that barrel."What's your name?"A quiver's in his voice.I wouldn't be surprised if he'd pissed himself back there."Who.Are.You?"he asked this time with what I can only assume was meant to be authority.Pussy."I am PC Ellen Summers."Pussy.Fuck he shouted.I opened my eyes and he's started to leg it out the house.I stepped over George who lay staring at the sealing, his blood pooling at the hole in his crown.Can't help the dead though, right?He'd understand.Vengeance.So why do i feel bad?I gave chase.If we were in America I could have shot him in his back there and then.So why do I feel bad?Situation radioed, residents awakened and panicked, engines roared, tires screeched, and here we fucking are.Deep down, I know I'm having fun and I shouldnt.The Bambridge Estate.He's hops out and runs into the maze of flats.He's fucked up only he probably doesn't know how badly.I grew up here.By the time I've hopped a couple fences I'm on him.Just before he reaching the south entrance too.I aim to drop kick him from up high but only end up flopping onto him.A takedown's a takedown, i'll take it.Rolling on the floor and I smash him with what ever wherever.Mounting him is easy and i start raining blows but as angry as I feel, I'm getting bored.Why the fuck isn't he hitting back?We're breathing heavy and I'm just staring this cunt-face.He's peering back through his guard but he doesn't say shit.I'm thinking I should ram his skull into the pavement but his phone rings.It's a unique ringtone, one i know I've heard before but can't place.He spits out blood from the side of his mouth."It's gonna be for you.Inside jacket."He separates his guard so I can get at his pocket.I find his gun holstered so i take that as well, for safety more than evidence at this point.Something feels off.Why am I actually doing this?Just fuck the bitch up a bit longer - for George - then bring him to the station and let the boys unload.Once again, curiosity gets the better of me."I DIDN'T HURT HER" he shouts into the night.What a lovely opportunity to hit him right in throat.He stops shouting and writhes until I playfully rest the barrel of the gun on his cheek.The phone doesn't display a number.It just rings that annoyinly familiar tone.I answer it."Let the boy go, Ellie.He can't hurt you."I hate it when all I hear is the blood rushing through my veins.Whenever you think you've escape your past,  it turns out you just didnt run fast enough."Ellie?"I say indignant as fuck."Who the fuck are you?"Composer's easy to maintain when you're pretending you've nothing to be sorry for."Thanks for that, Ellie.Being forgettable's always nice."The voice hesitates."Look, I think I'm gonna come down, just don't rough the kid up anymore.It's not like he's gonna hurt you."I want to say 'don't' but he hangs up before I get the chance.Composure, Ellie.I shove the scum onto his stomach.Knee in the spine, handcuffs out, "What's your name?""Mark" he yelps as I yank an arm."Surname?"The door of the south entrance flies open and from a warm pool of light steps Jermaine Daniels.My first love.We were inseparable growing it was only a matter of time before those feeling blossomed and they bloomed it was amazing.And I went and cocked that up in the most horrific way.It feels like an eternity in which i recall how every second of just being in his company.Bliss.Jermaine, I've missed you so much I long to say but the moment of course gets and ruined by him being a dick and laughing.Men."The universe is fucking cruel don't you think?I'm mean this scene, this scene right here it's eerlie fucking familiar, except this time it's you doing the straddling and performing the cruelties."He's right.It's funny, the universe is mean, and I deserve that."Fuck you, Jermaine.""No, fuck you, Ellie."We just stare at each other like we're playing a game.I want to talk to him.To say... everything?Nothing?I don't know what or even where to fucking to begin.'Sorry' happens to be sitting on my tongue yet its the furthest word from my mind."Guv, get 'er off" Mark groans.My knee's still in his back.It's staying there.For George."Shut up, Mark.Let me and Ellie talk.

I close my eyes."It's been a long time.""Fifteen years on September twenty-sixth."That stings, enough for me to take a sharp in take of breathe.He remembers the date.I scramble falling back on police training.Emotionless and pragmatic with the dash of gallows humour for good measure.I aim the gun at him.He pulls up and way too many laser spots race their way to me.A bunch rest on my heart so i have to assume there's at least one on my head.Nothing to fear, Ellie; not the first time we've been covered with obnoxious dots is it?"SHE'S QUITE CLEARLY TOP OF THE FUCKING STAY LIST" Jermaine roars, his face contorted from sheer rage.My aim stays true and I take a quick glance down when his face relaxes.No more red dots.Yay."What's going on here, Jermaine?""Do us both a favour PC Summers; turn around and forget this night ever happened.""No.""Same as always.You know what you fucking problem is Ellen, you're too fucking stubborn.""Yeah, I know.You use to tell me a lot, puffing up your chest pretending to be mad.Id come tickle if it werent for this gun.

He chuckles.Kind of unexpected response there.Im sorrrrmmme kind of dick.Im processing every and... You.... Know.

Yeah, I know.  He sighs shaking his head."This could bring about the end of everything Ive worked for but I dont really care 

Guv?!No! Mark interrupts.Mark, for fucks sake.Ellie, would you mind working your knee a little bit? 

How promising!I happily oblige and Mark squirms and growls.He tenses like he wants to get up and whack me one so I crank his arm a teeny bit.He settles down.I pat him on his head like a good little boy.You remember when we were kids we came up a plan to save the planet?This is the adult version in progress.The list I mentioned is a list of those who are not to be harmed under any circumstance and you are at the top.Unfortunately it seems you interrupted Mark while on a mission to spy and acquire blackmail material on several prominent MPs so we'll have to delay on that.

I laugh.Oh, come on!A secret hive of global villainy?You should call yourselves the Lame Onanists of London, I mean fucking hell.Or better yet, just COCKS cause thats what you are?Be real with me, Jay, whats really going on?You cant change the world from a shitty council estate in Catford.

And thats exactly why it working. And I realise hes deadly serious.Not to mention, the hood techs are brilliant.What theyll do for a bit of halloumi cheese and avocado.I mean Russian bots, fucking hilarious?Putins cool with it now but the heat we're gonna bring is gonna thaw Siberia.
Nukes?

Of course not, dont be silly.The heat's completely metaphorical.

Okay, this is weird.Im relaxing but my angers rising.Do you know what disrupting the status quo like that will fucking mean?People will die.

Have died.Im completely aware of the impact, Ellie.

George.For a moment I forgot.Like he never even mattered.Completely aware? I echo.Turn around, Ellie.Go home.

Go home?This wanker killed my partner.

Collateral damage.

I cant help but laugh because Im sure as hell not going to cry.Collateral damage?My careers over.

Take Mark if it helps.

Guv?!

Mark, your family will be well taken of and we'll get you in a plush prison.You'll be out in five any way.

Mark relaxes entirely.In fact he gives up his other arm to cuff.What made you like this, Jay?How?
You, Ellie.You broke me.I never let you know it but you really did.And then mum and dad passed, and I didnt have anything to live for.I didnt want to die, or specifically I didnt want to kill myself so I thought 'fuck it, let's make a different better world or die trying'.

I think Im crying.My cheeks are tickling and they feel wet and warm.My career's over.

Then join us, he pleads.Join me.

He steps forward unafraid of the gun.One more step and Im gonna blow you away.  Please take another step.He doesnt and Im left disappointed.Im a police office.I protect the status quo.

But your career?

Is over, yeah I know.Unless I bring you in.

Unless you bring me in.  Jermaine laughs.You know what my biggest problem is, Ellie?I never stopped loving you.

The laser dots race towards me once again.Youre wrong, Jay.Your biggest problem is that youve never been able to hurt me, especially when Ive ask for it.

STAND DOWN, Jermaine roars at the sky.Its a futile gesture.His plan's grown too big for one person.Were already dead, we were both too stubborn to live anyway.