J_the_Assassin
DARK SCENE

    NARRATOR:

*A silent killer, a dark guardian in my own right, a peacemaker for how I see the world fit.They do not need to know what they do not understand, nor which will have any effect on their outcome.In the shadows I live, waiting, watching, stalking my prey for the right moment.*

    SCENE FADES TO THE DENVER SKYLINE, IMAGES OF VICTIMS SHOW ON SCREEN

On a rooftop in Denver lives a myth who goes by the name Assassin.Hes somewhat of an artist.Nobody has seen him, but we have all seen his work.The townspeople question: Who is he? Where did he come from? Does he walk amongst us? The Denver police department has a backlog of unsolved homicides from the greedy to the philanthropists, police, both crooked and straight, the homeless and the penthouse residences.SCENE FALLS TO DENEVR PD

It took the police a long time to come up with a theory that there was only a single killer.Hes a professional, but we believe he slipped. the detective says to a private investigator.The detective was a northern British war veteran who came to the states after the war.Bosco, his name, stood over six feet tall with a red handle bar mustache which matched his flat-top haircut.He would occasionally stare out the window with a gaze, one that has seen the true horrors of war, later it would be called the thousand yard stare.What made you come to the conclusion? The private investigator, Albert Forrest, asked.He was a younger man, 15 years younger than the detective.He was also involved in the Great War, but as a messenger.One day running mail he came across a Hungarian camp where they captured him.He broke out of custody that night by stripping his gear and running naked out the camp into the forest.Using his skin as natural camouflage to hide in the night, he became invisible to the guards.We dont know if he meant for us to find it.but there was a huge breakthrough due to a single clue. Detective Bosco reaches for a drawer in his desk.He pulls out a locket with a photo of a woman holding a child in it.The locket is smooth and rough.There are several dents and scratches in it.It could get confused as a rock on side of the road had it not been for the chain.

    CUT SCENE, DENVER POST

Where did the name Assassin come from? Forrest asks getting straight to the point.The journalist accredited to dubbing the name Assassin is Jean Sandeau.Shes a girl about the age of 24 with blond hair.She takes a sip of water before answering the question.When the police released information about the killings everyone got worried.Nobody knew who it was.

Go on, Forrest says, writing down everything in a small notebook.When they finally said it came from the same person, she continued, theres no evidence or trace of anything.Perfect silent killings, she stops for a second, tears in her eyes and her voice begins to shake.Are you okay? Forrest asks, leaning over.He put a hand on her shoulder for comfort.He takes a moment to pause and offer her some water.She takes a sip.My father died in the Great War.He was a spy for the French resistance. The cup is being held in her lap.He told me of people who would do these things, kill at night.Cowards.They were called assassins. She stops and takes deep breaths.Thats how he died. She begins crying.Knowing Forrest already crossed the line, he thanks Ms. Sandeau for her time and leaves.But before he leaves he hands her a sheet of paper with his office address.If you need anything let me know, he assures. He heads to his office with more questions than answers.CUT SCENE TO FORRESTS OFFICE, FORREST IS WRITING NOTES IN HIS OFFICE WHEN THERES A KNOCK ON THE DOOR

[Writing] ...either hes a mastermind... ...a prolific serial killer... ...a family?... ...probably a great war veteran... ...no evidence... [taking a break] The detective looks up, staring at his wall.Theres a map of the city of Denver and about 40 red dots scattered.It doesnt add up, he says to himself.Theres three knocks on his door.He gets up and walks to open the door across his office, he takes his war pistol in his hand.He begins having feelings of dread.It could be the killer, what if its the killer?What if it is Assassin? The rapping of knocks gains tempo.What was two to three quiet knocks becomes a bombardment of sudden loud knocks, sounding exactly like the rain crashing into his window.He grabs the handle and as soon as he does he hears a scream.He opens the door fiercely, pistol in his other hand, aimed, ready to shoot.Its Ms. Sandeau.Shes crying her eyes out.She reaches for him.He embraces her.His arms wrap around her back.He comforts her as she cries into his shoulder.They spend a moment like this.He rubs her back.He feels something wetter sand warmer than what the rain could have done.He looks down.The entrance to his office and the steps leading to it is covered in blood.Forrest lets go of her and she collapses.He stares at her, starting to cry.Cars are honking, Police cars rev up their sirens, people are yelling in the background.The rain is starting to stop.He closes his eyes trying to drain out everything.It happened again, and I couldve stopped it. he thinks to himself as he is overcome with a sudden rush of guilt.He opens his eyes when he hears something fall.It makes the sound of metal on metal.Its a knife and its covered in blood.Its the murder weapon.What Forrest doesnt see is something Bosco will see once he arrives.Its a picture of a mother and child right on the doorstep.Its the same picture that is in the locket.SCENE PANS UP, SEVERAL POLICE CARS ARE RACING TO FORRESTS OFFICE, THEY ARIVE AND THE SCENE CUTS BLACK

    NARRATOR:

*I feel no remorse.I did what must be done.They do not need to know what they do not understand, nor which will have any effect on their outcome.In the shadows I live, waiting, watching.*