CharlestonMeade-Levy
That doesnt make any sense, Jack.

I know what I saw, Kate.More importantly, I know what I did, Jack said.But people are complex.Did you also download the way this specific plumber wipes his ass?

 Im not sayin I get it, Im just sayin what was what, Jack said.Kate sighed, So this notification popped up on your screen?

Thats what I said, aint it?

...And now its gone?

Jack pulled his hat off, huffed dramatically, and raked a smudged hand through sweaty hair.I know what it sounds like, but I swear its the truth.

Alright then, lets play this out, Kate said, Its dark, your eyes are struggling to adjust, and you run over some guy standing in the middle of the road. 

Jack nodded, And the moment I did I got this feeling like sand was pouring in through my ears.Only it wasnt sand.It was like...I dont know what to call it.You ever dream about doing something and then the next day when it really happens, it feels like youve got practice?

Deja Vu, Kate said.Yeah!Like deja vu, except all the sudden I felt like I had knowledge about turning pipes and flushing toilets, Jack sucked in a breath, Of course I stop my car and get out to check if this guys okay...He aint...So I reach into his pocket to see if hes got an id on him.

Jack dug around in his pocket, eventually pulling out a card and flicking it at Kate.Jack ODougle, she read, OPrairie Plumbing. After another moment spent staring at it, she reached into her pocket and took out a lighter.What are you doing, Jack said, unconsciously reaching for the card.Kate pulled away, lighting the card at the corner.Youre an idiot Jack, she said, now continue.

Jack grimaced, I get back in my car and Im about to call you when I see this notification.Like one of those Amber Alert pop ups.It says...

Kate rolled her eyes, You already told me what it said.What did you do next, obviously you didnt come straight here.

 Well, I got to thinkin.I cant just leave the body there, Ive got to hide it.

Kates eyes opened wide and her nostrils flared.So help me GOD Jack Harris, if theres a dead plumber in my driveway.

Jack laughed, There aint.Just listen. 

Kate settled back, composing herself.I remembered I had a friend back when we were kids, Jackson George Jr.Remember him from Clairemont?Hes a detective now, so I figured if anybody would know what to do itd be the guy that deals with this type of stuff all the time, Jack said.Kates face went white, You didnt, she said.You dont know what I did or didnt because you keep interrupting, Jack said angrily.Kate waved her hand for him to continue, her eyes saying he walked on thin ice.Jack gulped, then continued carefully, So I remembered he used to live a few blocks down, so I put the plumber in the trunk and I drove over.Turns out he moved away a while back, but his folks are still there.Lucky for me, Jack George Sr was a cop for half a century or somethin.So I clonked him upside the head, and BOOM, suddenly Im Sherlock Homes.

Kate let out a sigh of relief, Oh thank god, she said, I thought you went to the feds on me. She laughed and added, And its Holmes, you big nub.


Whatever...With that cop junk in my head I knew how to make sure no one could trace the kills back to me, Jack said.Kate looked at her watch, frowning, And then you came right here?

Jack grinned, Not exactly.Remember when we went over Jack and Eileen Frances house for New Years, and Eileen said the best part about marrying a Yoga Instructor was the...