Novel_Entertainer
The sleigh used its magic to soar through the air on the final year of my curse.The magic protected me from the blinding snow as I arrived at the final house of the night: 36 Carlton Avenue.The Elves didnt need a Santa to distribute all the presents; they would magically appear wherever they were needed.Centuries earlier, I wondered why a Santa was needed at all if he wasnt essential to delivering presents.Centuries later, I understood that Santa wasnt just for the kids.I headed down the chimney of 36 Carlton Avenue.It was a wooden shack in the ghettos.The coal from the mines had formed a thin powder on every surface.A stench wafted through the house as I entered through the fireplace.It was a dark and cold room, but the Christmas tree was visible in the moonlight.I put down the heavy sack I carried and pulled out the present for James.Then I heard a small gasp behind me.A young boy, still in his PJs, stood in the hallway.I smiled and put a finger to my lips.Quiet.You dont want to wake up your parents, do you now?

James spoke quietly.Hi Santa.

And hello to you, young James.As is tradition, any child who finds Santa gets to share his cookies and milk now, doesnt he?

The young boys eyes lit up.Oh sure thing Santa! He climbed on the couch as I sat down.So young man, what would you like for Christmas?

Ooh, ooh!Id like a the new train set!Yknow the one from the general store?

A twinkle shone in my eye.I took a bite of a cookie and said.Of course Ill get you that. With a wave of my hand, I magically changed the contents of the present I left for him.Thank you, Santa, Suddenly, James smile dropped.Well, there was another thing I was hoping to get this Christmas.Can I get two this year?Ive been really good.

I smiled, hoping to cheer up the boys sudden sadness.Of course young man.What would you like?

James mumbled.Can you tell me when my dad will come home?Mom always says hes gonna be back soon, but its been a long time.

I was taken aback.How was someone supposed to answer that?James, I think you know what happened.I need you to-

James burst into tears.Dad left me!He left because hes a dang bastard!

I gave the young boy a hug.Hey, its okay.James, can I tell you a secret?Something Ive never told another soul?

James nodded.I wasnt always Santa.A long time ago, I was a young man, just like you.I travelled to a land very far from here in search of gold.Fame.Fortune.I was greedy, along with the men I travelled with.And eventually, we found what we were looking for.But I got too greedy.I didnt want to split the shares with anyone.So I led everyone astray.I hoped that the men I was with would succumb to the arctic cold before I did.And it worked.Except I also started to get sick from the weather.I only survived because The Elves saved me.As punishment for my crimes, I was sentenced to be a slave for a thousand years.

James had stopped crying, looking at me intently.And during my time as a slave, I learned that people are flawed.Sometimes, they do wrong things because they never knew what its like to be hurt.Sometimes theyve been hurt so much that all they know what to do is hurt people.Thats okay.

James nodded.And as my time as Santa, I learned how to give joy to the people around me.I learned how to let the pain of trauma pass away.I learned how to give to little boys and girls, just like you James.Youre gonna be okay.