TreeJet
There is a moment of brilliance in every beings existence.The peak of the tallest mountain is claimed; the descent differentiates the eulogy of everythings existence.Ive been practicing my art for so long.Famine, ice ages, comets, holes in the ozone, each a masterpiece.My crowning achievement was curiosity.Mans inescapable fate to innovate against their our immune systems.The world whirled in writhing souls.I knew the balance was broken; babies born dead.Fathers frail in failure of just getting out of bed.Within months the disease that had been bred through survival of the fittest left two thousand of mankind.The chaos of transportation and global inter-connectedness killed so many.Initially there were people immune to The Great Wasting.Those immune turned on each other, starved because they sat at desks all day.They didnt know how to boil water, use iodine to make water safe to drink.They came to me.I was lost in the rush, the high of my creation.The come down left a sobering sought.If there is no one alive, my power of personification perishes in the crucible of created chaos.The irony of the Bible hit me in that moment.Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of Death... I did not want to die.I never knew the value of what I was taking.The thirst tore at his throat.The dust on the road coated his baggy jacket and pants.He had been walking for two days after the massive store of his bottled water had run out.All his preparations failed to teach him his ancestors lessons of survival.He was four miles from a small community that started farming.When he fell, I cried out.Get up!Youre almost there!
He lay there tears falling.I placed my hand back.You must fight!I command you to live! 
Why? He croaked.I froze.Had he really heard me?Then he closed his eyes.I panicked.She was working the fields with the sun bearing down.I took a deep breath tapped her shoulder.When she turned she screamed.I pointed down the road Hes dying.Go!Now! 
She took off the down the road looking back horrified and confused.When she reached him she shook him and he groaned.Water. I said.She jumped.Who are you? 
Give him water. I dissipated from her sight.She fell to her knees and her lips began moving.Prayer?Ive been beg for.Wished upon others.The newness of this feeling settled upon me like a cathartic calling.The valley I found myself in presented a new peak to climb.The cry of life rang within house.The man placed the babe into her arms.I never thought I would see this again. 
You should thank that whatever it was that made me find you. She said, looking down at their daughter.We wouldnt have her.
He laughed deep and long.I cant rightly explain it either.Or any of the other things that have kept this place going.I guess Life is mysterious sometimes.
For the first time, I felt the tears trail down my cheeks.This was going to be a long climb out of the valley.