Nuerax
I disliked the way how he looked like.The govt G Man sat unnaturally still in front of me, his shaded glasses glinting under the harsh electric light.He took out one of those old timey voice reccorders and turned it on.Mr Hook, Captain in the service of the NYPD, 20 years and a clean record.Not bad, Ive seen your file.But please, tell me more about last week. He said with a smile that didnt reveal everything.Alright. You reply, this felt more like an interrogation rather than a briefing but hey, orders are orders.There was a crimewave that started last month.Some sicko have been kidnapping children in the dead of night and addicting them to an illicit substance.Now, this seems crazy but whatever they did last night, they showed an increasing amount of competency in swordfighting and I shit you not, ALL OF THEM and I mean ALL OF THEM had called themselves the same.The Lost boys, and they always had the same perp, some twi- some man wearing a green suit.

The G Man smiled and pulled out a flask of alcohol, you gestured to it and took a swig.He gestured for you to continue.So me and my team were interrogating the victims, they were rabid man, they kept spewing about pirates and mermaids and fairies and jesus, the Dust was everywhere.

Dust?

Yes, Dust, a codename for angel dust, the strange substance found in every house broken in, it has anomalous properties but due the lab machines going haywire, they couldnt find anything, even when using simpler machines like it was nothing they ever saw to them.But one of my inspectors decided to take a look at previous cases and break ins with the dust found in houses.There was also a co relation in theft so we put two and two together that the Lost Boys are part of a cult that got high on Dust and worship the same green man.

Carry on

Ok, you already know this but I snuck into the evidence room at night and sniffed a whole bag of Dust.I dont know what happened but I felt...like a kid again, like everything was so warm so simple so innocent and so sweet and-

Youre rambling, Captain.

Ok....ok.The Dust told me where he was an I took my Auto Car, the Jolly Rogers to their hideout, an old steam ship called Neverland deemed for scuttling at the harbor.When I reached there, you wont believe me but..but there were children just screaming and flying at me...I..I panicked...I drew my sidearm and I blasted like crazy.Capped a couple of these bastards ha ha.

The G Man scowled at this You killed 5 children, when the backup you called for reached you, you were playing in the Dust surrounded by 5 dead children.I believe you were innocent though.Incidences like these happened every, decade the 40s for a while now.

But you want to know something, Captain?

What?

They were real, hah, the Dust actually was magic, the geeks and boffins said it was a wavelength of radiation but it was magic.That green guy was an ancient mythical pagan or fae entity called Peter Pan.

Like the bloody book?

Yes. I thought about it, this revelation, no matter how stupid connected the pieces for me in my head.Now what? You ask.We in the Department of Research of Anomalous Sciences would welcome your talents in keeping up the masquerade.Hell, well even throw in a new prosthesis for you.If you refuse our offer, you would be thrown out right now, your reputation discredited, your families silenced and you would be either dead or crazy in the following week.What do you say?

Not a question, smart.Yes.I accept the invitation.

Welcome to the team, Captain James Hook.