NebulousNib
Greed was at the register as Gluttony put the finishing garnishes on a fresh batch of Creme Brule's in the cozy bookstore cafe they owned together in San Francisco.They didnt normally work here of course, they were partners and share owners in a number of business ventures.However they had given their staff the day off and thrown a closed sign over the window.The only customers coming in today would be their siblings.Sloth was the first to arrive, as was normal these days.In the past he had often been late or missed the family gatherings.That was until the siblings had decided enough was enough and sent Wrath to talk to him.After that, Sloth began showing up several hours early with a book to read.Envy was the next to show up.The cafe door opened with a breeze as she nervously shuffled in, eyes cast downwards.H-hello she mumbled, bringing out her phone and pretending to check it without ever turning it on.Hey Sis! The twins Greed and Gluttony called out cheerfully, while Sloth continued to read.Have a Creme Brule said Gluttony.And a coffee, of course cooed Greed.Envy lips rose a little at the welcome and she noded in response to the questions.Her eyes rose and for a brief instant she flicked them towards her siblings but then quickly averted them as if she accidentally looked at the sun.As Envy sat down beside Sloth, the door opened again as a boy of about seven entered.He had curly brown locks and held a red balloon with huge goofy grin on his face.Hello Wrath! Called out the twins, while Sloth turned another page.Envy started to look up, but then visibly froze and focused hard on her phone.Wrath smiled sweetly at his two brothers, and then shot a sour expression at Envy who flinched while typing.Can I have some cheesecake? Wrath asked.Greed and Glutton shot each other a glance.How about... a fresh Creme Brule? said Gluttony.I dont want what *shes* having said Wrath turning to face Envy and her dessert with a hint of a sneer crossing his face.Envy seemed to shrink in her chair a little, and started typing furiously on her phone.Wrath turned back to his siblings and spoke slowly I said...I wanted... a slice of CHEESE CAKE.

Um, well.We dont have cheese cake here, said Gluttony.But Ill get you a slice later.How about a vegan cupcake?

Well send you a full cheesecake tomorrow! Greed chimed in.Useless fuckers, Wrath spat out in his squeaky voice as he stomped over to where Envy was sitting.A display table was in the way and instead of walking around it Wrath raised both his hands and shoved with his entire body.Envy jumped in her chair as the table hit the ground with a tile-shattering clatter and the patter of books.