13thOlympian
Elon Musk clapped his hands before pointing to his rival, James Bond.Elon took in a deep breath before announcing, It is time! Elon tapped his watch while moving over towards the control panel surrounded by his employees.Is this thing working? Elon tapped the microphone.The microphone was linked into the spacesuit in which James Bond was trapped inside of.The white spacesuit was locked into position inside of a Tesla Roadster built onto Elons rocket.Okay, I hope this thing is working now because I must tell you about my plan that is literally out of this world! Elon covered the microphone before laughing.Ill tell you what Im going to do Mr.Bond.Im going to have you in that spacesuit with a radio, strapped to my Tesla.Then, Elon tried to fight his giggle, while mankind watches, Ill launch you into space! Elon smiled waiting for James to respond.Elon realized that James wasnt able to talk back from his suit.Its okay, Mr.Bond.I know that you are speechless!Let me just say that the last thing youll hear before leaving this earth forever, will be everyones applause. Elon glanced over towards his employees letting out a good chuckle.Talulah Riley, a beautifully blonde European woman with green eyes locked onto Elons madness.Stop! She insisted, You cant do this!

Elon snapped his fingers before one of his men grabbed Talulah.Ill deal with you later. Elon waved the man to escort her out of the hanger.He leaned himself over the controls before pressing the rocket to start initial launch protocol.Finally. Elon remarked.I will have finally solved the James Bond problem once and for all.

Elon pressed the ignition on the control panel.His employees tried to insist that he shouldnt handle the controls but this was Elons show now.He knew it was he who had to launch James Bond into space personally.The thrusters sparked into a bright blue flame before taking off from the ground.Elon cheered as he watched the Tesla holding James within the suit lift up towards the heavens.The rocket darted towards the atmosphere playing Bowie from Elon's controls.Elon took a few seconds of victory before looking over his shoulder at one of his employees holding their hands up in fear.Elon slowly turned around to find James Bond holding a pistol in front of him.Its over Elon. James frowned.Over?I just launched the rocket that you were supposed to be on!How did you escape?!

What are you talking about?I was never on the rocket. James raised his pistol to eye level.Elon scrunched his brow before scratching his head.You were in the spacesuit.How are you no longer in the spacesuit?

I was never in a spacesuit.

Talulah barged back into the hanger with a gun given to her by James.Elon quickly glanced over at Talulah holding the gun up towards him.While making her way up the stairs onto the control deck, she glared at Elon.Elon, unarmed, smiled towards James.James rolled his eyes before noticing that Talulah was now aimed down onto him instead of Elon.You were supposed to be on that rocket. She remarked.I must say if I had been, you played the part of damsel in distress quite well. James replied.Elon motioned her to his side.Always loyal to the mission at hand, unlike your cancer in Europe.

James didnt lower his weapon.He and Talulah kept aim on each other before Elon pointed his forefinger in the air asking, Who was it then?

Who was what then? James asked.If you werent in that suit, then who did I just launch into space? Elon laughed while Talulah kept a stern face.James expression fell when he realized that Agent Q was nowhere in sight.In this moment the sound of the rocket piercing the atmosphere thundered in the distance.***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)
##########
[Continue the adventure with Part 2!](https://old.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/8p5m1b/space_intruders_part_2/)    
[Continue even more with Part 3!](https://old.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/comments/8p7byx/space_intruders_part_3/)
Part 4 is now live!To check out where this ridiculous adventure goes, come read it in the sub!&nbsp;

Paul Greengrass cleared his throat before yelling, Damon!We are rolling in ten!

Everyone looked around in confusion.Ben Affleck couldnt help breaking a smile while drinking from his water bottle.Paul didnt think it was as funny as Ben did.Paul stood up from his directors seat and threw his clipboard onto the floor.My God!The amount of time I waste on this man! he stormed out.Damon!Damon! Paul spat into the megaphone he stole from the woman standing outside the door.There were employees from the set standing around in a crowd.Pauls presence separated each person from the scene.Pauls eyes widened.Matt Damon, the star of his new film, was gone.Paul stood petrified while staring at a crater where Matts trailer had been parked.Smoke slowly rolled across the debris.What on earth happened here?Where is Damon?! Paul started to look around at all of the employees who were also standing around in shock.They took him! Someone shouted from the back.Everyone took a step back when Paul fixed his eyes onto a small boy casted as an extra on set.Who took him?What happened? Paul lunged forward towards the boy.They came down from the sky and they took him! the boy pointed upward.Are you mad? Paul shook his head.Which way did they drive?Tell me now!

They were in a ship, I swear it! the boy started to tear.I found him! Ben shouted from inside.Paul didnt hesitate.He didnt care about the crater of debris behind him.He ran straight through the door inside to find Matt standing next to Ben laughing.Pauls posture slumped when he saw it wasnt Matt Damon, it was Matthew Mcconaughey.No! Paul screamed.Just  relax.Everything will be okay. Matthew slid next to Paul.Paul shook his head.I dont care if that little brat is right.I dont care if it was aliens, thugs, or even the Kardashians!They are ruining the budget of this film!

Look, well figure it out.Calm down.Lets go out to his trailer, Paul interrupted Mathew,

His trailer is gone!It is nothing but debris lying at the bottom of a crater! Paul begun to sweat.He adjusted his glasses before taking a card out of his billfold.What do you mean its in a crater? Matthews smile receded.Paul ignored the question.He stared at a business card in his hands while dialing a series of tones into his cellphone.Who are you calling? Matthew leaned over to look at the business card.There was no name.It just read Team America above a phone number for contact.Paul smiled.I got through. Matthew pressed his cheek against Pauls to listen in on the phone call.Matthew was about to speak before Paul hushed him with his forefinger.Whoever took Damon wont get far.

Paul noticed the little boy tip toeing through the door with a gentleman who witnessed Matts disappearance.The boy pointed towards Paul before claiming, hes the one lookin for em.

Matthew turned his attention while still trying to listen on the line.Keanu Reeves walked in crossing his arms.I know where they went.We are going to need a ship.

***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)