HistoricalChicken
It was a long walk, the first time.I was cold and frightened though I didnt know why.The world around me ceased to be the vibrant landscape of the lush jungle greens, my vision filled with a misty grey void that seemed endless.For the first time since I can remember, I was alone.I walked for some time, never totally sure I was going the right way.Evidently, it didn't matter as I eventually made my way to an immaculately white sort of palace.Standing there before me was a figure, tall and slim with flowing white robes that danced in a silent breeze.The figure stood with a confidence Id never witnessed and their face shown pure delight as they began to speak.Tell me, what is your name?

They call me John. I state rather subdued for the position I find myself in.Can you tell me where I am?I want to see my family. The more I spoke the more fright and doubt creeped itself into my voice.They smiled, though it didnt reach their eyes, and took a moment before responding.You, my son, are in the afterlife.Unfortunately the world you know does indeed end, and this is what happens when you meet it. They looked at me intently and waited with patience for me to speak.You mean to tell me, that Im no longer alive?How can that be?I was just with my kids! 

Raising my voice earns only a pained expression from the being before me.Yes, I know it is hard.Believe me, I dont want to do this to you.You see your souls, what you are now, are very strong.They dont like being contained.So when I built the vessel you inhabit, I knew one day you would need to break free and return home.Today, you came home.And you were the first.

I dont- What do I- What happens now? My pleading eyes beseeching answers from the being before me, wanting desperately to be told I could return to my family.Now you are free to roam the realm of the dead for as long as youd like.Here you will not want for anything, all your needs will be met, you cannot be injured or subjected to anything you dislike.Most importantly, you can always see below. With a snap of lithe fingers the air before me shimmers and reveals my family.My children.Stella!Stella can you hear me!? I yell into the images, but if they notice they do not show it.Why cant they hear me I can see them but they dont know Im here!

Im afraid theyll not respond.You can see them yes, but you cannot interact with them.I am truly sorry, I know your kind handles lonliness poorly. 

So this, this is my life now? 

Im afraid so, but please dont worry there will be more of you soon.In the meantime, you can choose to be alone or you may spend your time with me.I will gladly speak with you night or day.

Being alone right now, I believe would be best.

I understand, Ill just show you to your room.

The palace was infinitely bigger than it should have been, but by this time I cared for little more than watching my beautiful daughters and wife.I missed them dearly.True to their word, within a week a new person appeared.Another man.I stood beside the being as they spoke to him.It was striking, the fear within his eyes.The first thing I saw was not his blazing hair or short stature, but the look of pure terror in his eyes as he laid them upon the being.Did I look the same?When their conversation was over, I took it upon myself to speak to him personally.It didnt go very far.He was struck with such grief, I feel I may never understand.Fortunately or not, he was not the last.The next was a young woman.She made her way rather quickly, and as we gather outside to greet her we arrived at practically the same time.Her conversation with the being went quite the same as mine and the other mans, though the look in her eyes was new to me.It wasnt fear, it was more shock and loathing.She was torn away from the love of her life, forced to watch her move on without her.I suppose anger is natural, was I that angry?Looking back, the next arrival was the one that really pushed me over the edge.The next arrival was a young girl, no more than ten years old.She walked, ever so slowly, until she made her way to the land of the lost and froze before us and the being.She looked lost.She looked like she just wanted to wake up from the nightmare she suddenly found herself in.I couldnt blame her, I too was hoping this was nothing but a poor mans awful dream.The being took extra care with this one, they sat with her and comforted the soundless sobs of the girl who cried out to her mother.She was so confused, she could see her mother and yet she could not make her hear her.All she saw was that of a broken woman who will never see her child grow.This time I know, I was just as lost as her.When the time finally came that the young girl was calm enough to be left with the other two souls, I aproached the being.Why!? I demanded, Why must you do that?Why must you take that poor girl away from her mother?She barely has enough sense to understand the wretched place she finds herself!

The being, to their credit, flinches at the words I throw.Im sorry, truly I am, that this must happen.You have to understand I cannot choose when a soul returns home.I cannot choose who or how, the most I can do is sit with them, comfort them, and give them a home to await the loved ones they so desperately wish to see again. 

I clench my fists in anger and spit You want to comfort them?You havent even the decency to lead them here!They wander for endless hours, scared and alone!How can you stand there and tell me you wish to help them when you wont even spend a moment to find them!? I harden my gaze and refuse to relent as they study me.Im afraid I cannot.I am poweful, yes, but only so far as the palace grounds.In the void beyond I am lost, and cannot risk losing my way.I am as much a prisoner as anyone.I do truly wish to help them, the souls that find me, but I cannot venture beyond these hallowed grounds.

I open my mouth to retort before a thought strikes me, and I speak before I think.The souls that find you?

They turn away from me, and with a flick of the rist the mist that ensnares the void begins to clear before my eyes.Yes, those that find me.You see you were not the first to die, you were merely the first to make you way out of the void.You did not wander for hours, but for lifetimes. 

In the absense of the mist, I see them.Wandering souls dot the area.They walk, or run, or crawl, all on their way to find any place but the vast emptiness of the void.They seek a final home, one that they cannot be led to.We look to eachother, the being and I, for a short moment.The pity in my eyes is clear, and they give a solemn hum in agreement.You cannot leave, I venture, but what of us?I have found my way here, am I able to return to the void?

They do not speak for a long while before gazing out into the vast nothingness.No, I cannot in good conscience let you leave the palace grounds.What should become of me, should you be allowed to leave but are unable to return?Surely my regret would be immeasurable.

So you do not know?In that case, seeing as I have still retained my free will, Ill set out on my own.I wish to help them, those damned lost souls, I wish to bring them to the true afterlife they deserve.

You are a kind soul, John, but Im afraid.Im afraid that should you attempt this foolish mission, it will surely be the last I see of you for a long time. They look back to me with a seriousness that is entirely new.If you can accept that risk, then you are free to go. Without another word the being vanishes.It takes me what feels like two more days to ponder what I have learned.Every day, my mind tells me I must try to help them.It tells me, if not me then who?And with that I cannot argue.In the night, with the being knowingly watching from the palace tower, I make my way out into the sea of searching souls.I dont look behind me, fearing that when I do Ill confirm that I cannot find my way back home.I continue forward, until eventually I see them.The first soul I save.Suddenly they turn, and as if they can see me through the thick haze of the void, and they walk towards me.They smile, and when finally they reach me they stand unmoving.You are glowing. He tells me, matter of factly, as he looks at me without fear.Can you take me home?

I focus on my breathing, willing myself to stay calm.Gathering my courage, I finally turn around.Uncontrollably my face breaks out in a grin as I see the palace mere yards away from me.I turn back to face the gentelman and with a calm and reassuring tone I say Yes, yes I can lead you home.

And so I did, and so I still do.As I walk the void again searching for the next lost soul I like to remember the days after my arrival.The arrivals I saw, and how I couldnt stand to see the raw fear or devastation in their eyes.Now I take solace in the fact that I can prevent the souls from being frightened, I can help them understand what their life has become.Many have followed in my footsteps, or attempted to, but only I have ever been able to leave.I dont know what it is, but I am once again a shepherd.I have traded in my sheep for the souls of the dead, and I feel now at peace.So when that next soul looks up at me and says Can you take me home? I dont have to look back with fear in my own eyes as I answer that yes, yes indeed I can take you home.