JoshinYoBagels
There was a shiver creeping its was up my spine, slowly poking at every nerve it crossed.The frequency of the shivers has kept increasing... Im I think Im starting to figure out why.A few days ago, my squad and I had retraced our steps while crossing the Alps, seeking refuge is a cave just a couple hundred feet down the western mountain side.A major blizzard heading toward us, there was going to be no way for us to push through to the Eastern War front in Austria without some of us freezing to death.Anyway, that night is when the Awakening happened.Half of us were asleep, the others on guard, waiting, watching for signs of extraterrestrial life; Zens to be more precise.They showed up only a couple of months ago and already an estimated 880 million people have died.I dont know the true scientific name for them, but I do know they are a force to be reckoned with.Twice the size of the average human and five times as strong.Bullets can hurt them if you hit the right spot, but even then, they dont go down easy.We just carry our rifles around to feel a bit safer.As the night shift took their posts, the rest of us took to our sleep, but not for long.After just 2 hrs of our bodies shocked us awake.I myself awoke to a small fire balls dancing around my finger-tips.Oh shit!Jesus, somebody help! I shouted, flailing my hand around, trying to pat out the flames on my blanket, but it just burst into ashes.Nobody came, and for a moment, things went silent for me.I took a look around the room.Some of the watch and some of the sleepers, all reacting the same as I was.Stan was bent over, hold a hand full of icicles.Marks arm was sparking with electricity.Jack was trying to calm Stan down, but Jacks body was filled with purple spots.Each spot was like looking at a flowing river of dark purple sludge.Richie was keeping his distance from the rest of us.It was in that moment that I looked down at my hand and realized the flames didnt burn.After using common sense, I realized they werent even touching me.As soon as it became clear to me, the flames vanished.I turned my attention back to the group who had all realized the same thing.Everyone had calmed down, but were breathing heavily.What the hell was that? asked Mark.I looked at my hand once more, I have no goddamned idea.

 That was fucked up man! Richie shouted, cowering in the back of the cave, you guys stay the hell away from me!

 Richie nobody is gonna hurt you man, just take it easy all rig... Richie... your... shit... Stan muttered, covering his mouth with one hand and brushing the other over his head.My head turned to Richie.A circular spot on his blue jacket was darker than the rest, and right in the middle, sticking out of his gut, was an icicle.Mark and Jack rushed to his side, throwing Richies weakened arms out of the way as he tried to block them.All I could do was stand there with Stan.Wed seen death before, some of our closest friends had succumbed to it, it wasnt new to any of us.Mark and Jack could try anything they wanted, but that icicle was too big, and he was losing too much blood.Mark was the calm one, Honestly Rich, its not that bad, its just a flesh wound, he tried saying with a smile.You really think so Jack, it must feel worse than it looks then, Richie said with a light chuckle.You could see it in his eyes, the light fading away.His body and mind going numb.He was accepting his fate... being killed by a friend.Richie, stay with me man! Jack yelled, putting pressure around the wound, Youre not dying on my you got that!

  Ha... this aint a move Mark... words cant magically heal me... kill some Zens for me will ya? Richie spoke his last words.Richies body went limp, his head dropping to the side.That was the first shiver.It was different than the normal shiver of death, it was more like a small shock running from my tailbone to my neck, like a shiver of life.I know everybody else felt it too.What now? Stan muttered.The others all looked at me, We move on, and we kill some Zens, I said, looking down at my hand, the flames reignited, a bit bigger than before.Part 2: Eastern Battle Front
If enough people want it.