20Nosebleed
It woke up slowly.It had not been in a gentle rest, but it had been floating at the top of the bodies of Its victims.Looking down, he saw them.Countless children, broken and torn apart, floating above the dirty, wet floor of the sewer.They were no longer fresh.27 years had taken its toll on the bodies, which were now no longer appetizing to the creature.It smiled.It was time to feed again.It slowly floated down to the bottom and composed itself.Times change, and he would need to adjust every time he awakened to feed.People became scared of different things, and he could never let go of his creativity for a moment.As he pondered the next location for the harvest, he heard a voice coming from above the sewer room.Mikey! Raphael yelled.If you dont get back here right now Im gonna beat you so hard- 

A creaking noise took away the 19 year olds attention.Huh?

As he looked around, he saw nothing.He had been running through the sewers in search of his mischevious little brother, who had stolen his T-phone right as his Donatello had sent him a download file for the newest Charred Walls album.The album was scheduled to be released in two months, and he was determined to take advantage of his brothers hacking skills.As he walked further, there came a sinking feeling in his stomach that indicated something else was in the sewers.Mikey?

He heard footsteps from below.Who are you?Come out and face me! He yelled, pulling out his sais and spinning them skillfully.As he turned around, he saw his little brother standing in the corner.He noticed a hoard of large roaches surrounding Michaelangelo as they climbed up his body and forced themselves into his eyes.Raphael, the image of his brother said, Please.Get them off of me.It hurts.It hurts.

The blood started trickling down his eyes as his face swelled.Slowly, the roaches began to tear through his body in an effort to escape from the inside out.What the heck?No!Not this again.Im not scared anymore!I'm not scared! Raphael yelled as he ran away from the image.But even as he ran, the death behind him did not stop.--------

April was sitting on her boyfriends lap as she buried her face into his neck.She fell asleep as an episode of Space Heroes: The Next Generation played in the background.-----
-----
-----

Captain Ryan! The young man shrieked, the Omegathons had taken over the ship and weve lost control of everyone on board!What are we going to do!?

The older man slapped him across the face.Calm yourself.There is still HOPE left.All we have to do is believe in the power of courage.A large, neon colored leprechaun appeared on front of them and shrieked.The man was not afraid.Evil Omegathon, you will not take control of Captain Ryans voice trailed off.Captain Ryan! 

The older man lost the color in his eyes.He looked at the younger man and gave a warning: There is no hope young one.Soon you will give into the power of-

Dr. Mindstrong shot a laser beam into Captain Ryans chest from behind.As Captain Ryan layed on the floor of the spaceship, he looked up at him: You you have saved me Dr. Mindstrong.Thank you.

Anything for you Captain. Dr. Mindstrong said as he saluted him.Slowly, the giant Omegathon fit the captains body into his mouth and chewed.----
----
----

 So.Stupid. Donatello said as he laughed at the absurdity of his older brothers favorite anime.He noticed that April had fallen asleep and in response, he kissed her forehead and turned off the television.Moments alone with her were hard to come by, so he appreciated every one.Guys! Raphael came in yelling and breathing heavily.Well that lasted all of 12 minutes Donatello thought as April woke and stretched.I was in the hallways looking for Mikey and it happened again!I started imagining the swarms of roaches!They were all over him and-and they were eating him and he was bleeding and- Raphael stopped when he saw Michaelangelo walk out of his bedroom, T-phone in hand and headphones wrapped around his neck.Dude, said Michaelangelo, Ive been in my room this whole time.Whats going on?

Mikey, you-youve been here?

Uh, yeah?Where else would I be? 

I I thought wait, I saw you out there.You took my phone and ran off. Raphael looked down just as he finished his sentence and saw his T-phone was still tightly attached to his belt.Donatello looked worried.Oh no, the mushrooms are back?

No. Said Raphael.This wasnt them.This was more terrifying.It was stronger.It was someONE, or, or someTHING. 

I think youre right Raph said April.I can sense it.Some single body is hiding in the sewers.Its alone, but, its not a person.

Michaelangelo knew what Raphael was talking about.But he was too afraid to bring it up in that moment.---------------------------

The four turtles, Casey, Karai, and April gathered in the kitchen and discussed the predator.I heard about this urban legend from Maine.From this website I found about strange sightings, it tells about a weird clown that some people believe feeds on fear.

A sketch of the monster from someone who claimed to had seem it showed up on the screen.Now Michaelangelo was very, very scared.Oh man.Guys, something happened when I was in my bedroom.

-------------------------

Michaelangelo had been sitting in his bed listening to music with ice cream kitty when  he had heard a voice.Michaelangelo. The voice called.Huh?Leo? He responded.Over here. The clown called.Michaelangelo pinpointed where the voice was coming from.He looked up at the vent on the upper wall behind where he was sitting and stood up.Hello? He called.Uh, dude?You lost or somethin?

Hi there Michaelangelo. It said to him.Um Hi there?

What are you doing here all alone in this strange place?

This is my room man.

Oh, what a strange place this is.Wouldnt you like to visit another, magical part of the sewers?

Ice Cream Kitty hissed at the creature.Cool it, Ice Cream Kitty.Brah, this is the best part of the sewers!I got everything I need right here!My action figures, my comic book collection, what else could be more magical?

Oh, if you come with me, Ill show you someplace with a whole room full of comic books.Every edition available of every series worth reading.And pizza.Do you like pizza?

Did you say pizza? Michaelangelo said.Suddenly, the strange clown peeking into his bedroom seemed a lot more interesting.Oh, why yes.Theres all kinds of pizza where I live.Pepperoni, Hawaiian, a jelly bean, anchovy, and jalapeno pizza  

Woah!Thats my favorite kind!Wheres this pizza from?

Oh, why from the best pizza place ever of course.Do you like Antonios?

Dude no way!How did you know Antonios was my favorite!? He said, stepping over the mountain of empty Antonios pizza boxes to get closer to the vent.Wait a sec, Antonios doesn't do Hawaiian are you lyin to me?Hey man!Whats the deal?

The clown grew impatient and was about to reach out and grab the young mutant just as a loud voice was heard in the living room.Woah, is that Raph? Michaelangelo turned around.He then ran out, just missing the grip of the things clawed hands.-------------------------------

Are you sure this is the clown you saw in your room? Donatello asked.Heck yeah Im sure!He was a creep.Peeking into my bedroom and trying to lure me away with pizza and stuff.Good think Im smart though, I saw right through that. 

Shinigami interjected immediately.I know who this is.Friends, this is nothing like you are all used to.He is not a mutant.He is not a physical being.He is a creature unlike anything you are used to fighting, a mystical North American yokia who has been feeding on the fear and bodies of children for centuries.I fought him once as a child.My friends and I barely made it out.But if I face him again I know I can end it.With this. 

She pulled out a small blade from a pocket in her hat.It is a gift from a mystic I knew in Japan.If you are injured with this blade, you can no longer use your powers against others.Instead, they are all released at once.Against you.His spirit is not as strong as he seems.If we can reach him, I know he can die.Of fear.






____

Part 2 coming up whether you want it or not cause I'm having way too much fun with this