Waddles-inc
It was 4:20 pm in a relatively empty, past it's time, laundromat, the smell of Landry detergent mixed with a slight twist of mildew filling the air of the otherwise stuffy room.In the rightmost corner of this laundromat was a young woman in her mid-twenties desperately digging through her pockets.*Poof*

" hey Lucy, whatcha need this time?"Said the young man who had suddenly appeared.

"hey.Uh, I need three fifty."She answered 

" three hundred fifty or three dollars and fifty cents?"" that last one, maybe more if this dryer doesn't crap out on me."" oh.I don't have my wallet."The young girl chuckled, " why do you always do this James?"" it's the only way I can get my kicks in nowadays."He said cracking a mischievous smile, pulling out a wallet from his pants.

"yeah I'm sure that's true.But thanks anyway, I really need these clothes clean for tomorrow."" What's tomorrow?"He said as he handed her the funds.

"turns out my dead end job ain't such a dead end!I got a interview to for the manager position at work."She said while changing the dollar bills into coins.

"so if you get the job, you'll be going from putting up with the people you think are idiots, to being personally responsible for said idiots."" yeah but I'd be getting two extra dollars per hour, AND a 20% management discount."She said proudly.

"well then you'll essentially be achieving the American dream."" hey speaking of money, how high is my monthly tab so far?"" hmmm.. well between the two packages of chicken thighs I got for you at the start of the month, the Starbucks mocha you asked for last Tuesday, those junior mints you begged for at the movie theaters and the 3.50 I lent you just now, I'd say give me a twenty and we'll call it even for the month."" are you positive?"" no im pretty sure my blood type is negative."He said serious until he couldn't hold in his cheesy smile.She could only sigh in apathetic acceptance saying " do you get tired of being a doofus?"Until she herself couldn't help but chuckle.

"I still can't believe you poofed me just to get you some junior mints, I mean the chicken thighs I can understand considering it was your first time cooking for the guy, but couldn't you have just gotten up and buy some on your own?"He said leaning back on the folding table.

"he fell asleep on my shoulder!I couldn't just wake him up, and my breath for whatever reason was really bad that day.It was a emergency!Besides you said you didn't mind."" I didn't, but the least you could've done was poof me into a better movie.oh that reminds me add " breath mints" to your " must carry at all times list."" 

" yeah yeah."" you should probably stockpile some with that *sweet* managers discount your going to get soon."He said laughing between his teeth.

"you mock it now, but you'll be begging me to use my cooperate given managerial power once you want to stock up on snacks for your late night munchies!Then we'll see who's laughing then!"" I'll be, when you forget your keys inside your car again for the fourth time this month."" heh, yeah probably."" so need anything else while I'm here?"" naw I think I'm good."Pulling out his wallet once again " oh here's another five in case your clothes come out a little damp."" thanks, I owe you again."" don't worry about it, text me if ya want to play some Overwatch later or something."" will do, be careful out there man."" will try, see ya."The young man then left with little fanfare, especially in comparison to the suddenness of his entrance.Things had been like these two for close to a decade now.This weirdly casual  relationship started in a blaze of romantic teenage angst, nine years ago a young boy met with the *then* girl of his dreams under a large oak ridge next to the high school the pair attended.The two of them had both been devastating rejected by the objects of their affections, and through what they had believed to be fate, found each other during this period of depression.Quickly trying to fill their depleted sense of self worth the two started dating for a week, before the young man took the young girl to his favorite place and asked her to be his girlfriend, promising in shakespearian fashion to " always be there when she was in need."And for a fifteen year-old he could've come up with a cheesier line, but little did know that Aphrodite goddess of love, saw truth in those words he first conceived on the back of a napkin.Unbeknownst to this divine observer, though the two once took solace in their shared pain, the two eventually grew apart once they found that this quick remedy they tried to stitch the hole in their heart with, only lasted for so long ( three weeks to be exact).However this bond they had built on mutual pain would remain, even to this day.( will write more if you guys want, thanks for reading 'u')