katmol
When I woke up, mommy and daddy werent home.I looked for them, but I couldnt find them anywhere.Mommy said she was going to the store today, maybe shes already there. I thought.Before getting dressed or combing my mess of hair, I pulled on my jacket and walked down the street.There was some yellow ribbon across my door when I opened it with something I couldnt read, but I just crawled under it.The store isnt far, just at the edge of the street if you climb through the fencing that makes it a dead end for cars but not people.Theres many sticks on the ground from the storm two days ago, but I dont pick them up this time to make music on the fence.Mommy isnt here, and she would want to listen.She always tells me how much she loves my songs.I walk into the store and begin wandering the aisles.A few old people shopping alone, a man holding hands with a girl, but no mommy or daddy.I almost start to cry, until another girl my age runs up and asks what my name is.Cynthia. 

Im Rachel. She replies.Do you wanna be my friend?

Ok. 

She leads me back to her parents and drops the box of eggos she was holding into the basket.The man looks really familiar, but I cant remember from where.Daddy would remember, he knows everyone.This is my new friend! Rachel tells her mom excitedly.Oh yeah, whats her name? 

Cynthia. Her and I both answer at the same time.Her mom doesnt look at me at all, but when they leave the store shes welcome to let me in the car to go home with her.Rachel sets up a tea party in the living room as her dad watches tv in the next room over.My eyes widen when I see her toy box.Can I wear the tiara?!

Aww, I wanted to wear it.

Please?I promise Ill give it back. 

She thinks for another moment, then hands it over.The tea party was awesome.She had a princess tea set (she said she was the princess but Im the one wearing the tiara), and other guests like Mr. Cookie, her favorite panda.Just as she was pouring the cup for Mr. Sky, the owl, I heard the tv say my address.Hey thats my house! I jump up from the table and run to the tv, excited to show Rachel.Where are you going? She complains.Come look, thats my house! I point to the screen which is showing the front of my house when its dark outside.Its one of those shows daddy always watches where they speak in weird serious ways and then he gets angry afterwards, yelling about someone named Trump.Theyre not talking about him right now, someone said something about a type of gas poisoning from our car.Im not sure I remember, but I think thats bad, especially the way the lady on the screen is talking.Then she says two names, Janice and Mason.Hey, thats my parents names. 

They, with their five year old daughter, were rushed to the hospital in the morning.All three of them were pronounced dead on arrival.