MotivatedLikeOtho
Once I had acclimatised, they led me into an office.Wood-panelled, decadent, I thought, for this place - but I supposed they moved with the times here as well.There was a man at the desk dressed in a white-grey suit.Subtle.They had told me about this man, when I had calmed down.He would show me all my significant choices, walk me through them, help me come to terms with them.He would enlighten me and discourage my false beliefs about myself, to cleanse me.I sat.He gently placed a large, red leather-bound volume on the table.It looked like a Victorian bible, but brand new.I touched the closed leaves of the volume: The pages were going to be petal-like, delicate, just the same as bibles.This book meant something.All the choices you have ever had, said the man in white.Try it.


I reached out my hand, hesitated, and looked to him.He exuded authority.He smiled serenely.Ill explain it all.Go on.


I opened the book.The first few chapters were uneventful, filled with childhood stories and corrections to memories I had reconstructed in my elderly mind.I remembered my mother and father here- I was smiling.No choices as yet, but Im only, what, six?Six, thats.. quite old.I looked up.The man had been sitting in silence, smiling- at me, or to himself?He sensed my worry.Significant choices, my friend.At this point, your life is controlled by your parents and you have little perception of wider choice. 


I continued.In year two of school, I was confronted with a choice.Little Jenny was being teased for her broken leg.The other children looked to me.Do you 

a) join in with the children teasing Jenny

or

b) tease Jenny along with the children?for a) go to page 265 or for b) go to page 265.What?I looked to the man across the desk.Your brain factored in being alienated by your peers against hurting Jenny.This one was a dead cert. He smiled kindly.Satisfied, if still slightly perplexed, I turned my eyes back to the book.Jenny was always a sick girl.She hanged herself after the same kind of bullying in her thirties.My eyes shot up, staring.The man seemed to look away, since as it to chastise himself.Of course you cant be blamed for any of this.You had no choice.


Shaken, at length I went back to reading.A pattern began to emerge.As I read further, my significant choices became more and more frequent.To watch football with the others?To steal some cool pieces of Lego from my friend?To question the nature of my fathers illness...?And each time, each option is the other, rephrased as if to give some illusion of choice.As I read further, greeted with what could only be described as amused patience from the man in white, all the pages led to the same place.What is this? I asked, finally, battling through the dread of the answer.Have you ever heard of determinism?All of us, pawns, players in some shitty game.And youre here-


Here..?


-and its not about responsibility, its about balance.And now you know- this eternity?Its all gonna be electrical impulses. The man in white paused strategically.He had done this many times before.They said you would help me come to terms with my choices!


The man in white leaned forward, smiling more explicitly now.I am.You have none.Submit.These are your terms.


...who are you?


He paused, and then leaned back onto his chair.Think of yourself as lucky.They live in blissful ignorance up there.Us?We know the nature of things.