mpaolino88
The people were screaming as the ran past the man, the only one that seemed to wade through the crowd toward the Chaos.It had been that way for years... decades, and god was he tired.Tired of it all, the same ole routine with the same ole villains.But he knew he had a duty to the city, and within that duty a certain pride made him swell out his chest and splash that famous boyish grin across his face that drove the ladies mad.Strutting toward the outward destruction, Guardian felt people brush past him, but he simply stayed the course until he came to the epicenter of madness.He could see the woman floating there in a cocoon of lightning, her body accented by flashes of light and a form fitting suit that seemed to hug her in all  the right spots.His grin curved just a little more upwards as he felt her sparkling blue eyes turn on her and seem to grow wider at the sight of him.Guardian knew it was fear of who was there, the city's epitome of hero's.He was tall and muscular, filling out his suit like a glove of pure muscle, his perfectly quaffed brown hair almost always seemed to blow lightly in that mysterious breeze that seemed to surround all his dramatic entries... And that grin, those perfect teeth that could even make the woman villains weak in the knees when they first saw him.It was all he could do to keep them off of him after all...

"Lightning star!Come on now do we really have to do this?The whole song and dance is getting tiring isn't it?Why not just stop and lets talk about this... Maybe over dinner?"He asked him, striking a little pose as he waited to see just what her response would be.Usually they said no, a fight ensued, and he would win between his seemingly nigh invulnerability and his super strength and speed.He was the hero everyone envied and every villain feared and he could see it was working.Lightning star was dropping out of the sky, the lightning storm that had ripped the court yard apart into chunks of stone debris that was finally settling back down to the ground.Trees uprooted, park fixtures throw around, it was chaos where he stood, facing the villain defiantly.Lightning Star finally touched down to the ground, walking over to the Hero who stood there triumphantly and just sighed."Yea... Yea I guess we can call it a day... Off to Jail?"She said somewhat dejectedly as Guardian just nodded and put a hand on her side, showing her the way...Lightning Star could only groan as she saw the small man shamble through the crowd to face her.He just looked so...Sad... A once proud hero that had struck fear into anything that even thought about evil in this city was reduced to... this...

His trademark grin had become toothless and empty, the once famous hair had turned white and scarce... And his impressive stature had been reduced to a bent over shriveled man.Sure he was still invulnerable damn near, but everything else was just... gone.Now he was nothing more than a bag of bones and skin, a shell of the former hero and pride of the City.No Guardian was gone, and in his stead was simply a man that was to far gone in his own mind with past glories that he would make him run headlong into the middle of a lightning storm with no real way of winning.Of course there was a certain sense of admiration to the man who was willing to still give up and sacrifice his body in such a man as to save a city, but she wasn't the only villain that seemed to cotter to the old man somewhat...

No it was that reason that found her walking along with the old man, that and many more reasons.Maybe admiration for what the man had been before, maybe a bit of nostalgia, or trying to have something in common with what the older villains had.No, it was probably beca-

"Stop right there Star!I wont let you get away with this!You're going away for good th... What are you doing old man?"Oh great, another rookie idiot.Sure she didn't have the same time under her belt as some of the greats of her generation, but that didn't mean she was a complete newbie.Even so, she figured everyone knew of Guardian, who he was and his current... Situation.Shaking her head she just shooed him off from behind Guardian's back.But the kid simply kept on, really irking Star now."Old man get out of here, what are you even doing out here?You're in the way!"The no name said as he grabbed Guardian by the shoulder and seemed to shove him aside a little rougher then what was good for him.That irked Star to no end, a lack of respect for a front runner, even more so as the boy brushed past the downed Icon with little to no care.It made her blood boil, and with the punch of her fist, she shot out a bolt of destructive lightning straight for the boy's gut.A ragged bloodied hole of charred flesh and innards was all that was left of the man's midsection.Gasping noises like the sound of a goldfish sucking for air out of water painted the confusion perfectly across his face as he collapsed a few seconds later.There was no need for disrespect, especially not of this caliber for a man of this respect.He had done great things for hero's, helped get legislation passed that helped protect the rights of those that came after him.He had helped set up academies to train and nurture the future of his kind.And yet everywhere she looked, those that he had set a future for just brushed him aside...It angered her to no end, along with quiet a few others in her circle, but for her it was personal.Guardian had been a idol for the woman as a young girl, and frankly who wouldn't look up to the top hero in the world, especially when it was your own dad...

"Come on Guardian, the other guy had other stuff to do.Another call I guess.You were going to take me in right?"Guardian seemed lost for a moment before nodding."Ri-Right!Now come along little miss... You know you remind me of my daughter.Such a sweet little girl, Always wants to come along but I always told her it was to dangerous!Especially after what happened with her mother.Sad side effect of the job you understand I'm sure. "He began to ramble on about her mother, tearing up old wounds.No, it wouldn't do to listen to this, but tonight... Tonight made her think.If the new crop wouldn't respect him, she would make them... 

Maybe it was time to take up the family business... 

(It's my first time writing one of these, please be kind!It was a blast though, I'm gonna start doing more of these for sure.)