b95csf
' they're... they... oh.Is that a-a...mule?...'It's easy to forgive Jake, the millenial inner-city kid who's only seen a cow on a soymilk carton.Not so easy to forgive Jake the West Point graduate and Marine recon company commander.He's sitting in his Fox IV submersible hovercraft, 12 miles off the coast of what used to be Russia, in the Barents icefield, blabbing away on the QR stream-of-consciousness style, like a rookie.

'Pull yourself together, mr. Parsons, and report!'' I'm seeing a column of... people, Sir.Refugees, maybe, or a prison work gang.They have carts pulled by what look like mules, or very small horses.Can't see very well in this blizzard, our MQ-30 is dancing like a...!'' Time to get ashore.Standard patrol deployment, MOPP gear and procedure.Leave the bird up as weather permits.And mr. Parsons.Do not wait for me to tell you to get out.Anything hinky, you bail.Anything looks like it MIGHT turn bad later, you bail.Any lights on the NBC board, you bail.I have released the forward battery of the Juneau into your immediate control.Godspeed.'If there's a gulp, it gets swallowed by static.Five minutes of sustained fire from just the one battery could reduce the entire 'city' of Murmansk to rubble, and bury the rubble under a layer of freshly-powdered rubble.He knows it.I know it.Everybody knows it, who's on the circuit - to devolve such responsibility to so junior an officer means I anticipate trouble, of the kind that can't be reasoned with.

'Commodore, we have some activity in the S-band.Comms, not radar.Looks like sidelobe leak from a microwave relay.We're still analyzing the protocol, but it looks like civilian stuff, low-entropy.'' Somebody calling home for instructions perhaps.Good sign.Fire up the greeter.'The greeter is something of an ongoing obsession with High Command and the politicos - the exact wording of the canned message has been argued back and forth for the past two years, and I'm only too glad to have been left out of the debate.It does make for a pretty sight though, lasers cutting through the morning mist to form the words 

DO NOT BE ALARMED.WE ARE THE US MILITARY.WE COME IN PEACE.Cyrillics add an air of rune-magic to the proceedings, but I would have done away with the loudspeakers (on loan from Ft. Huachuca, 10 kW acoustic phased-array jobbies that can literally scramble brains like omelettes, if you set them to the right frequency).The red white and blue signals rockets I could live with, but red does take on a devilish hue in the mist.Oh well.Shock, awe, hearts, minds and all that.[continue y/n]