CCyan
[This is like 9 hours old and I should be sleeping right now but inspiration strikes when it's least welcome and I can't get my scenario out of my head]

It didnt take long for Larry to figure out he was dead.Mostly because he remembered the, you know, dying part.A heart attack is painful, tell you what.Hed turned sixty-eight a few days before the heart attack that killed him on his bathroom floor as he was taking a long-awaited piss.*Oh well,* he thought, *cant be helped.*

He looked around, and saw that he was situated in an absurdly pink bedroom.A young girls no, doubt.His deduction was confirmed a few moments later when he felt a tug on his hand.Hi!Who are you? a little girl said happily.Larry.You?

Cassie!

Hi Cassie.This is your room, is it?

Yup!Isnt it pretty?

For your demographic, maybe

You talk funny, Mr. Larry,

Yeah?Well, you look funny

She giggled.Youre just in time, we were just about to have a tea party, Cassie gestured to the other end of the room, where a small table and four small chairs were placed; two unoccupied, the others occupied by a large stuffed tiger and a collection of barbie dolls, respectively.Cassie ran over and seated herself in one of the unoccupied chairs, and looked at Larry expectantly.A little girls imaginary tea party was not how hed planned to spend his afterlife, but what the hell, right?He sat down and nodded respectfully to the barbie dolls.Ladies, he added politely.Have some tea! she exclaimed, pouring a big dollop of nothing into an undersized cup in front of him.I dont drink tea, he said.Why not?

Cause I dont like it

So what do you drink?

Not tea.

Id get you a grown-up drink but I cant reach daddys cabinet she said, sadly.Dont worry about it kid.I dont drink grown-up drinks either, not anymore anyway

Why not?

Not going down that road with you, kid.How old are you anyway?

Cassie used to both of her small hands to count, and when she finished, she said, proudly:

Six!Im six!

Larry grunted.A lanky pre-teen with long black hair, his face buried in his phone suddenly appeared in the open doorway.Hey loser, Im gonna go grab a pop tart from downstairs.You want one?

No I dont want a pop tart, Alex!And dont call me loser!Thats mean!

Whatever, loser said the pre-teen, leaving.Larry raised an eyebrow.That your brother?

Cassie nodded.Hes a bit of a dick,

Cassie was shocked, and whispered:

You should put a quarter in the swear jar!

Im a ghost, kid.I dont need to put anything in anything anymore

Youre a ghost?

Dont worry about it.Say, your brother, his names Alex?

Yup

I got a grandkid named Alex.How old is he, twelve?

I think so.You have a grandkid?

I have two.A boy named Alex, and a little girl about your age

Whats her name!? she asked excitedly.Cassandra, said Larry, without giving it much thought.Thats my name too!

I thought your name was Cassie,

Cassie is short for Cassandra you big dummy,

Hey, Im not the one drinking imaginary tea here, girly,

Larry was starting to feel uneasy.One kid sharing a name with one of his sons kids could be put down to a coincidence, but both of them?Say, where are your parents?

Mommys downstairs, and daddys on his way to my grandpas house!

Your grandpa, eh?Whats his name? 

I dont know!I havent met him yet, but daddy said he was gonna bring him to see us soon!

Larry grunted.*Well at least my bodys gonna be found before it rots.*

Give me some of that tea after all, Cassie