I think they speak for themselves.
I shall send the other copy over to Firedagger immediately.
The letter read: "Dear Mr. Harry Potter, I am glad to hear that you are indeed attending Hogwarts.
That sounds like an ambitious goal," Anthony teased, before becoming more serious, "So that explains why you were able to ignore everyone."
Neville looked shocked, "Y-yes."
Which course should I take?"
He taunted, "What's the matter, Potter?
"Uh..." Harry was saved from responding as a perfect told all of them to line up so they could get to breakfast.
So what was growing up with goblins like?"
The wizarding government strongly disagreed with this punishment and the two nations went to war.
The fact that Professor Quirrell had cast the Imperius Curse in Hogwarts of all places did not bode well.
However, your theory that goblin magic and wizarding magic are vastly different branches of magic and one doesn't allow for the other does have some merit.
Because how else were Ravenclaws going to spend a free afternoon?
"Ah, Mr. Potter, you're awake!"
Already, his dagger had been flashing different shades of blue as he reached for the pumpkin juice, meaning someone was trying to sneak mind control potions into it.
Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Hogwarts Deputy Headmistress" "Hmm… interesting…" Firedagger said as he finished reading the letter, "I suppose I can clear some time in my schedule to meet with her later this week as I will have to be the public face of Harry Potter's guardian."
Dumbledore had disabled most of the alarms' noises, seeing as that they were really quite distracting and the previous headmasters always annoyed him when he just ignored them.
Draco turned red, furious, before marching to an empty desk on the other side of the room from Harry and sitting down.
Hermione seemed almost horrified that she wasn't going to be able to visit the library, but nodded along anyway.
"A sleeping potion that can be used to fake one's death," Harry answered, having learned this when he was 6.
