These kinds of events are for people who aren't willing to do things by their own effort."
At that point, almost everyone was drunk, except the reporters who stayed sober and alert in order to pick up any and all potential gossip.
Did you love potion him?"
Hermione stands up, and the spider scurries rapidly around her hand as she turns to face Draco again.
She'll either push it open to find him waiting for her, decoratively garbed in chocolate, or discover him held at wand-point by vengeful Death Eaters.
Harry was no longer trying to hide his dislike.
"Draco, it's nothing," she says as she kneels down and reaches under, gently catching it.
"Lift got jammed on the way down."
His hand slid down the door to my shoulder, and his fingers cradled the base of my head.
I snorted and angled myself towards him in the darkness.
Her fingernails had been bitten to the quick, and she stared at him with her lower lip caught between her teeth.
I could see that now, as I sat in the wandlight.
He shifted slightly so that my hip bone stopped digging into him.
"It was legislatively flawless.
Hermione Granger Wants To Save The World.
No matter how many Ministry events I'd attended, they never felt natural.
She was nearly shrieking with outrage.
He walked over to all the boxes of mind-bogglingly detailed analysis of several hundred legislative documents.
His eyes slid over her, and then flicked back to the photos on his desk.
Malfoy slid her bag off her shoulder and up onto his own and started taking all the scrolls.
Her expression cleared and her eyes lit up.
I cursed under my breath while leaning over to rub my leg.
Zabini said he saw Granger studying here."
He quirks an aristocratic eyebrow and looks down his nose at her.
"That you were in love with me?"
His hand reached surreptitiously for his wand as he tried to determine what had set her off.
There was a part of me that wanted to reach out muss him up a bit, lace my fingers into the hair at the base of his head and light a cigarette against his lips.
Draco shrugged and gathered up the photos again, flipping through them slowly.
Hermione slowly raised an eyebrow of her own.
Draco quirked an eyebrow and leaned back in his chair.
Instead she finds him standing casually upon a precariously small side table in the middle of the room.
Rating: T Category: Rom-com Warnings: None.
As the doors slid shut, Harry watched her slip her hand into Malfoy's and lean her head against his shoulder.
"Look, it even has a hat."
The way he pronounced my name curled and wafted through the air like the smoke.
His hands had curled into fists, and he looked as though he were on the verge of trying to deck Harry.
The door is slightly ajar.
Draco quirked an eyebrow and snorted.
"She assumed this was from me.
"Right"—his voice was stiff—"because if I hurt her, it would assuredly make my family look better."
It was an unspoken question.
Before I left, I always said, "You should make an appearance, just for a few minutes.
I was so focused on what was happening to me that I never bothered to see how much I was asking from her without even noticing.
"All gone and nobody died."
His eyes peeled away from her, and he reached down to pick up one of the photos.
It was fine, until it wasn't fine any more.
Why did you have to break my heart?"
It turned out, in retrospect, that Draco had drunk too many glasses of champagne while telling himself that it really was going to be the last time he interacted with Granger.
"There are several things I'm interested in."
Did you still want to check out the new cafe in Diagon, or were you in the mood for something else?"
I have no idea where she is.
Her cheeks were stained scarlet as she glared at him.
He stared at it for several seconds, and then sighed, and turned around.
Draco walked slowly around the burning boxes towards the door of the vault.
He straightened as he watched her reaction carefully.
He blinked, pushed off the naked witch draped over him, and sat up.
Hermione raises an eyebrow of her own.
Draco had not been, but no one listened to him.
He touched the tip of it against mine and paused.
Except she was gone when he woke the next morning; and he'd been lying in bed for ten hours now, trying to re-evaluate his entire existence once again.
I think she must have sedated herself, she went with it for less than an hour, then panicked and bolted."
Malfoy let out a disbelieving breath and stepped forward, jamming his thumb repeatedly against the buttons.
The man was deranged in his vendetta against Granger.
His road had led to Granger, but now that he'd reached her, she'd gone, gathered her things, and left without a word to anyone, not even the house-elves.
Were there any beetles with unusual markings?
Somehow that road had also led to Granger: in his drawing room, screaming while his aunt tortured her.
He isn't in the library or his study either.
"Ah…" his tone was light.
He'd swerve at the last moment or perform a Wronski Feint or something, and the road would go around Granger.
"It's what everyone keeps telling me."
I'm positive I told you."
Draco tried not to choke audibly.
I wished I'd asked for firewhiskey.
"There are about five hundred people on the other side of that wall," he said after a moment.
It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls and ships of war."
Neil GaimanCategory: Comedy, Fluff Rating: M Warnings: references to torture, alcohol abuse.
I just don't want it in the dungeons."
Did she wear stockings with a garter belt?
But then—" her voice jumped, "when we had rounds on Thursday night, he told me that I was right and he'd written and informed his parents of his intention to formally court me so we can get married following graduation."
She doesn't care whether anyone will appreciate it.
That I—always based my decisions on it, rather than him.
Every year, I'm more staggered by how young we all were.
I caught sight of his face.
"I should go back out before I'm missed."
Malfoy slammed his fist against the doors and stood, radiating rage.
The comedic absurdity was as glaring as the light.
There were several more minutes of silence.
Draco stepped back over to his desk and caught up the envelope, flashing her a final grin.
After several deafening minutes of silence Malfoy snorted.
He cocked his head slowly to the side, laying the photo down and tracing his fingertips lightly over it.
The stairs were narrow and could barely accommodate the width of both our hips.
"I fancied leaving her to stew and panic about how bad it'd be before moving in for the kill.
When I saw you get on, I legged it down the stairs.
Hermione lifted her head, scowled, and started furiously marking up spelling errors on Harry's essay.
He was dressed to the nines in that casual, effortless way of someone who wore their clothes rather than being worn by them.
"You could have used your wand," I said when my heart stopped pounding.
"I'm not trekking around an unfamiliar city at one o'clock in the morning to find another hotel.
Just days before her very public breakup with Adrian Pucey.
"I'm not going to attack you.
Harry pressed a button on the lift and then stepped back, leaning back against the wall and folding his arms loosely as he stared at the pointy-faced prat his best friend had just announced she was dating.
