She wondered at her sudden appetite, but in truthfulness, she didn't believe anyone with a working nose wouldn't have had an appetite.
She wasn't in the library when he'd finally cleared the last stair and peered around the door frame, so he sat down on the sofa and waited for her inevitable arrival.
"Have a flair for doing things the Muggle way, do you?"
"Good afternoon to you too, dear.
"You've taken quite the vested interest in Hermione Granger it seems."
"First, I will give you one hour for the written portion.
T for whichever subject you want to teach; you can do this at the end of this month or next at the Ministry."
She was quite surprised to find him telling the truth; he was quite studious, and even looked the part when he donned his reading glasses.
The answer is, of course, yes, provided that you sit the N. E.W.
Marchbanks grabbed it with an amused smile.
Much like your other practical examinations, your points will be determined based on the skill level, creativity, and finesse you display when completing the tasks."
He knew that there were charms that would have allowed him to reposition Hermione without waking her (used commonly by healers), but he didn't dare try them for fear of accidentally hurting her.
Adept as he was with Transfiguration, Charms was another matter entirely.
"Wonderful wandwork, Miss Granger.
Looking out over Upper street, and past it into London, the soft glow of light from the city filled his room.
She was so completely out of sorts that without the physical likeness, he didn't know whether or not he would be able to discern that the witch who'd fought a war, and the witch haunting his hallways were, in fact, the same person.
Standing upright and impeccably dressed, her voice was clear and unwavering as she spoke.
"When you've completed your N. E.W.
But it was never obnoxious or grating on her nerves as it could be with Harry and Ron sometimes.
"The door's unlocked but I look a bit of a fright at the moment."
James was gifted enough I suppose even with his reckless tendencies, but Peter, it was difficult to believe even then.
"If I can convince Hermione that she'd do well, I would consider it very strongly."
"Well, I suppose I'd rather you have some guidance if you are going to be adamant about doing it."
"When you could be polishing off some of the old 'Black charm' and wooing some pretty young Gryffindor?
And initially, a driving force behind it was trying to right my family's role in her-" "Sirius, you're not to blame for any of that."
"I think I'm going to head upstairs now, Sirius."
"Than you are certainly among good company, dear.
Please don't leave on my account.
"There's nothing formidable about a Hogwarts dropout with no N. E.W.
"But-" "Yes, my day was quite relaxing, thank you for inquiring."
Sirius busied himself with cleaning off his glasses to try to seem like he hadn't just said something extremely vulnerable.
"Can we shrink my mother down, and make her watch us hand over the keys?"
She lifted her wand and summoned the desk as well as all of its contents closer to herself and then levitated the yarn, causing it to unravel.
"From me, that is a compliment."
"I've got a flair for doing things the correct way, mind you."
She deserves better than the attentions of an old ex-convict.
The muggle postman deposited the newspaper through the ornate mail slot, only for Sirius to hear the poor man jump as the scandalized screaming began.
Sirius Black, in the library, with the lack of tact.
A bit intimidating to be certain, but brilliant.
"Well if it tastes half as good as the kitchen smells right now, I suppose I'll have to agree with you."
My fondness for her is not rooted in her relationship with Harry.
He felt for her and her difficulties, but hearing her cry and scream from the dungeons, completely helpless was a bit of Harry's own trauma to heal from.
Remus' eyes widened at Sirius' tone.
He drifted off to sleep with a million thoughts in a busy mind.
"Once I'd run away, I realized that I was actually going to need to make a living in order to afford to live somewhere after school.
"Good, I'm just glad the girl has somewhere to stay.
Maybe… But he couldn't even bring his inner voice to say the last word floating in the depths of his subconscious.
She felt the shift in weight on the mattress as he sat on her bed, "I thought you might be needing this."
The barmaid was quite annoyed with them, as they'd been sitting there for over an hour, and would clearly not be needing refills.
"Yes, making sure your environment is undisturbed when you advance to each step so you don't get distracted or disrupted, for example.
"Best be careful, or I'll give you detention for your cheekiness, Miss Granger."
This clearly was not what Hermione had been expecting to hear from the wizard.
Her eyes widened, but she obliged and sat so her back was to one of the arms, pressing her face into his neck.
You must perform this every night, it will probably take no more than an hour, but it must be done or you could fall into a dream-like state.
She gave him a disbelieving look.
"Yes and no," he replied honestly.
You may begin as soon as you like, the hourglass will start as soon as your quill touches parchment."
I loved her in the way that an uncle loves and is proud of a favourite niece.
He cradled her head and neck in one hand and held her tightly to himself with the other.
Sirius Black didn't fancy himself an easily shocked wizard, but walking into the library and sitting in his customary leather armchair to find a sleeping Hermione Granger lying opposite him with her face smushed up against the sofa, rendered him speechless.
He couldn't stop laughing.
Really though, Hermione, help yourself to anything you find."
With this spell, Hermione had each of the objects returned to its original state, and the creature's memory restored before casting Evanesco on all of the supplies.
He promptly broke it and bought a subscription to the Guardian.
But before he could begin, he quickly noticed the look of consternation on the face opposite him.
You may find that your Patronus shifts or is inaccessible to you for a time, you may find that you have days where you feel like you're not yourself, you may even find that you have days when you want to stop the process.
"You said that you understand that you're not to blame for that, correct?"
She couldn't tear her thoughts away from Sirius' hug goodnight.
"And then…" "Hermione."
"I've sent Kreature out for some things this morning, so I'm afraid breakfast will be made by yours truly."
After several hours, and some input from Hermione, he settled on making sure that the Elemental Law of Transfiguration and a formulaic understanding of what creates powerful and effective transfiguration, would be the first thing covered in the first year, to set up a solid foundation for understanding the subject.
She collected the rat, vanished it to someplace unknown, and motioned for Hermione to follow her out of the testing rooms at the back of the ministry offices, and into the entrance of the department.
I don't want a shred of what I feel for her to be coming from guilt or pity.
I was rather hoping that there was in fact, a way for her to complete those or the specific one that she would like to teach and that you would be open to the idea.
At the end of it, your time in guided contemplation will prompt you to drink the potion and perform the spell one final time, and you will transform.
Disclaimer: If you recognize something, it was probably created by J. K. Rowling.
Sirius felt the rush of blood to his face and ears as he finished his remarks.
Voldemort made you sever yourself from one of your two worlds, and in turn, rely on the world that you chose to make up for that which you lost.
I know that I'm not far from it, but nonetheless, should I even approach her about it until I am in love?
"Was I supposed to be helping you with something?"
She'd walked down to the kitchen not long after waking despite having much preferred a lie-in.
The t-shirts relegated to this task couldn't have been softer if he'd performed charms on them; the outcome of sleeping in them for decades.
"James flew into a rather nasty little bate after botching his Charms final.
He noticed in a moment of panic, that her eyes were getting misty, and realized the familiarity of the situation.
Would she be more willing to engage with me if she knows that I can be in love with her?
He looked up to find her standing in front of him, shifting from foot to foot, a sweet parallel to his actions only days earlier.
"I'm not bollocks at it, but I would be horribly offended if you decided to forgo coming down for breakfast entirely, due to the chef."
Suddenly struck by an interesting idea, he expressed it aloud.
Well played, she thought.
"These past few months seem to be treating you well, Sirius, you're looking better each time I see you," she paused for a moment. "
"Really, what better for the brightest witch of her age to be doing than instructing the next set of young minds?"
So I adjusted my behavior in the last two years, applied myself, and positioned myself where he could see me.
Warning: Marshmellow-level fluff "I'm confused."
Hermione, I' have gone out to run some errands and will be gone until this evening.
"Do I not get my hug tonight?"
"She's interested in filling a position?"
If you're speaking about the difference in semantics between the two words, pity implies that you see her as incapable, beneath you in a way.
"Do we invent spells if someone else could've reached the same conclusion and unlocked the same thing?
He sobered a bit after the look on her face told him that she was not joking.
After a few minutes, he could hear that she'd stopped crying, but she didn't make a move to get up.
