...that is the rather appropriate blurb for rather extraordinary debut novel- Star by Pamela Anderson.
Charlies Angels 2, Putu insists, is one of the great movies of all time.
Goodness, what do you mean?
&nbsp; At an unearthly noctural hour Putu discovered the  urlLink online edition of Granta  and spent the next few hours devouring the  urlLink extracts  that are available online.
Dr Cream  Oh yes, I noticed that too.
But he makes a subtle point about the 'duty' of the writer that rather different from one the one which Ms Roy makes about the need for writers to be activists as well.
The problem in India is that the State’s ecological programmes are sometimes lopsided.
Another movie that Putu recommends highly, though it has nothing to do with cats and is a thoroughly bad movie, is Barbarella, Queen of the Galaxy, starring Jane Fonda and a host of other bad actors.
The classic climax sequence where the villain tries to kill Barbarella by playing a piano that has sex with its victims till they die (Ms. Fonda takes it all and wants more and the piano explodes in flames) is truly one of the best sequences of 20th century  filmmaking.
(the sixteen-ton weight falls on him)&nbsp;   &nbsp;  Anyway, there's also a nice profile of  urlLink Spike Lee  on NYTimes.
From  urlLink all accounts  it seems like a semi-pornographic story about an aspiring starlet called Star Wood Leigh who wears skimpy t-shirts with messages such as "Shuck me, suck me, eat me raw" and aspires to make it big in Hollywood.
Now you shall learn the wisdom of the lash.
I'd tell you what it was about, but I'm  urlLink too lazy  to type any more.
When we reach the crescendo, you will die... of pleasure.
Your end will be swift, but sweet... very sweet.
Cut back to milkman with doctor.
All the evidence that Moore presents and more has been catalogued in Craig Unger's House of Bush, House of Saud and Putu recommends  urlLink this review  by Martin Jacques in the  urlLink Guardian .
A fisherwoman by profession, in a tough male dominated world  urlLink she chronicles  the exaggeration and lies that a characterises a fisherman's world.
I've got something for you.
It may change your tune as well.
