You belong to the six-winged Seraphim!
Oh yeah,  urlLink suing little girls  for $150,000 PER SONG they've listened to on the internet is "appropriate action."
I received some public comments, some private comments; I walked in to join friends for lunch yesterday and they greeted me with "Liked your soccer story," so I guess people are reading and enjoying.
Established what I can only consider great new relationships with some really great people, and our hosts made sure we were completely taken care of the entire time, despite several other (unrelated to us) burning fires that cropped up and needed their attention while we were there.
Intent on keeping my brain distracted.
Chris is sound asleep (having been up for over 24 hours himself) and I'm dyng to go to bed myself, but must wait until Kate has had dinner and goes to bed before I can give up the day.
It's not anything like that.
Many people, not knowing how the organization is run to begin with, get a wild and twitchy at changes they associate with any of the wounds of the past.
John was in my preschool class.
Sounds like it's definitely a good time for Chris to be working on the revamp of  urlLink DragonFist .
Later, I went to pay for the hall where WedCon will be held this weekend, found out that we had to give a floor-plan for how we want the tables set up and that we could pay with money order ONLY, ran off to the post office to mail several things and pick up money orders (one for the hall rental fee, one for the refundable deposit).
Evan put a lot of work in fine tuning some data collection forms for demo applicants and convention support requests.
Why, when we can see the problems is it so hard to come to a solution?
Rinse duck with cold water; pat dry.
So good I just about needed a cigarette afterwards!
Nothing exciting to report.
This year, though, it's beyond annoying!
I've talked to the people at the equipment place three times since placing my order, and each time I've been told that either my order has not arrived and they don't know why, or they don't know anything about my order and "someone will call back" which they don't!
Ray whipped up some homemade pasta when we got back, Chris shook up a few martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives and we noshed and caught up on gossip.
Made a serious dent in the work.
