You be the judge and leave a comment!
It's funny, a lot of people put down  urlLink  Sex and the City   saying that it is characters are mean, harsh and that the story line lacks any hidden insightful meaning, but I would have to strongley disagree.
&nbsp;and i won't think twice to stick that barrel straight down sancho's throat.
So I realized that I need to move to a place that I wouldn't mind waking-up on Sundays in, you know somewhere fun and exciting with lots of things to do......I don't know, maybe I am just crazy...... Bangs, Bangs, and more Bangs    My friends ex-boyfriend had hair that hung down over his forehead, thus he had bangs, he was also bipolar, well we think he was....someone saw him, he looked like a rocker they said, rocker, who still even uses that word???
", we shouted at one another while we danced around to Prince's "Little Red Corvette".
The room is silent and I wake up in a panic and shoot up right in my bed.
that awful feeling in your kidneys   whenever I think of my ex-boyfriend I want to barf........what does that mean???
Bikinis are always fun when you have a  funky print on them.
I always jump into it without thinking, so I would like to go back and change something, I know that I can edit my blog and change the actual first response I put, but I feel that it to describes me so I will leave it, but I will answer it again, for a second chance to tell you all what I am really about, and I believe that this next quote best describes me....   2.
I need a desktop for my home.
I remember posting about it and I also remember a few people out there who gave me some great words of advice.
Thank you, Paris All the Kleenex in the world wouldn't help me today....
Other than that my weekend was ok, nothing to exciting, but still nice.
Let's see.....I will start with Friday, and Friday started with me waking up and going all over town looking for a Halloween costume.
Saturday afternoon I headed to the mall in search for a pair of jeans that fit me as well as  urlLink  Seven jeans   do, but I didn't find any, I did however find that  urlLink  Seven jeans   have no been increased to anywhere from $225.00 to $283.00 per pair (of course these are CND prices, god forbid I paid US prices).
Second, it's raining, it has been raining since last Monday, except for when it stopped on Halloween, but started again Saturday.
Does she really like the cock that much?
As opposed to all the other bartenders in this world, he didn't seem like he was looking for a one night stand, he looked like he just wanted somebody to love and to love him back.
Always dress like a surfer chick.
Back to where I went wrong...   Last night I was driving around my city looking for a store to buy the newspaper so that I could look at there classified section for a new job, or even an idea for a career that I can take some courses on.
