I really feel that I am in my element, sitting in the Slackers lounge, or standing by the main stage...and just watching the people and the bands and getting into the music...I can't think of a more perfect evening.
:) Oh, and that thing happened again.
We watched a movie and ate macaroni and cheese, and talked about...Craig and Ryan...hahaha....we could go on double dates....writing news articles and BUILDING ROBOTS!!!!!!!!
The night began when Naomi and I went and ate lunch with Ryan and Kyle, an interesting pair to say the least.
We have known each other our entire lives, and although both of us have taken two drastically different paths in life, it seems like we have always stood on the same ground, and have always understood each other perfectly.
My brother and I had a convo yesterday about how I think Jesus was albino.
Why would anyone want to meet at a Wal-Mart?
Saul Williams spoke with the conviction of an evangelist but the principles of a liberal activist...he also was also amazing.
We parted ways a little bit after that and I've just been chilling with my family since then because Jason and Morgan just got in tonight.
"It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything."
Lisa: Hmm....I'll be right back.
Or at least I thought so.
I am just very excited is all.
Anyway, I looked at him and I was like, "Naomi, I know that guy.
Why am I in a non-good mood?
Ok, enough with that literary crap...hey I have some interesting facts here: Amy Wallace on  Notes On The Collection of Transfers  : “This work is arguably the most boring book ever written, and as any bibliophile knows.
Spending the day with Ashley was fun, but kinda weird.
We also went to this blues cafe that was supposed to be a happenin' place in town but we made up half of the people that were there...but we did get to see Ironing Board Sam play a few songs and then he handed out his biography to everyone.
And I laugh whenever JoAnn screams every time someone touches her neck, and when Naomi makes dirty jokes (Because I never thought she would!
and make my way to the wall o jeans.
