went to lunch with an emmy award-winning producer today.
so far i've envisioned either  chappelle  or rock as othello, and maybe conan as romeo, but that's about as far as i've gotten.
i'm still about to ebay for a sony dvmc da2, though, a unit that converts final cut pro's firewire-friendly only signal into typical av inputs a tv monitor can read.
i have no idea how other people do it otherwise.
This short film, made before the Iraqi war, does much to accomplish one of Said's goals by shattering the notion of a unified Arab character.
she disagreed, and i can tell i've been warped into aural hyperconsciousness by making music films.
i want to be there as much as possible when i can see films playing out in the flesh, like being able to see those old vaudeville acts come to life 80 years way after the fact, after they disappeared far before you're born.
after we unplugged it and could look at the lamp without being similarly blinded, we could see the little insect corpse lying defeated on the floor.
coworker mike was watching an nfbc show today about cloning.
i arrived as a cataloger examining both broadcast news and documentary outtakes and programs, and for awhile now i've been working as a researcher for clients that range the gamut of the corporate and the independent.
generally i like the enclosed feeling of winters, but the taste of it i have here right now is fairly stifling.
so i tend to be quick to assume the worst.
finally, i give him a really angry, no, i've got it, thinking that he was trying to offer to help bag my groceries.
hey, i wasn't surprised either.
that's the saddest thing i've ever heard, to quote marty, who tends to help start my mornings these days.
i told her about being  the only white american surrounded by french-speaking congolese men  all last weekend and how disorienting it was by the end of it.
but last sunday i sat in a theatre and again got a headache from hunger, de-caffeination, and staring up at a screen from my seat only three rows back.
the links no longer work, i know.
so to quote ham again, nooo fucking around, dude.
i think when i indulged in anorexia as a teenager, i fucked some things up.
