Corrupt business I tell you.)
Since school got out, I've gone to Trumbull twice.
Given my abondonment of all social-related issues, I had nothing more about which I could coherently complain.
She is a nice person - if I sit with her she will talk with me, if I ask her for my screen name she will give it to me.
Hopefully, she will be on and I can talk to her.
I needed to finish filling out my application for Easton EMS, so I figured I'd bring it.
Sitting on the UPS units, relaxing.
Granted, this is probably because he has nothing to report ("In this year we have made great strides in protecting our nations resources - I have allowed drilling of the last untouched nature preserve in the United States, encouraged clear-cut logging of out nation's national forests, and increasing the pollution output of our nations dirtiest industries"), but he probably could find some additional lies to throw in just to bring the topic up (such as last year's hydrogen car).
Besides, many blogs aren't indexed by search engines, but with Blogger being owned by Google, blogger users (such as myself) are now being indexed much better.
So, I announce the creation of:       I will be working on this business in the coming months.
If students want to violate the law by going fast, they should just die."
I hate logistical things like this.
And then my grades will get lower because I will hate my home life, and so on and so forth until I'm misserable and my grades are so low I can't get into any decent college, and so I will continue to be unhappy.
Also, this in no way affects attendence/EDs.
Thus, I routinely pay higher prices in stores or pay extra for fast shipping so I can have my purchases as fast as possible.
My friend, who used to know her, simply told me, "well, I hate for me to put so much effort into a complete failure," if I'm not willing to wait.
However, there are plenty more people.
"You told mom that you weren't going anywhere three hours ago."
This isn't a problem, I factor it into the cost of buying an item, and if it's a business related purchase, I can deduct the cost from my income tax return.
However, I had copy/pasted to Word.
