Speak like Yoda I sometimes do.
Does writing pointless blog entries count as worship?
Should I link to this site on my blog?
Err, how bout owning more John Cusack movies than all other movies combined (not quite true)?
Justin mentioned having a new laissez faire attitude about career stuff.
Anyway, J. C. if you are reading this, send me an email and we will commence negotiations for having you come on board!
I didn't figure what else to do, but at least I have grown more comfortable with the idea of being ok with whatever comes after this.
But I know that law school seems really interesting, so I figure that I've just got to decide what works for me right now and worry about the future when it comes.
So, what do you say Kami and Kate?
Here we were, innocent, naive, sheltered....and being kicked out into the cold, cruel world of no rent control.
Towards the end of that year, we attended a presentation on finding off-campus housing, as everyone was getting kicked out of the dorms (Berkeley has this policy of admitting more students than it can provide dorm space for).
Ok... Now back to tweaking my fantasy baseball team...
So you're just gonna be stuck with my brain's leftovers.
Yet another blog to pass the time with....I wonder how this one will be different from the other one...
My roommates were Jennifer and the Invisible Woman (ie, she was never there.
Memory fails me here, but I believe there were some overnighters spent on campus in protest.
We had a great time where we did all sorts of things; we went wine tasting, saw the blue mountains and the three sisters, drove on the wrong (well right for them... well, actually left for them...) side of the road, flew on lots of planes, took most every modern form of transportation, discovered lots of tasty local chocolates, went on a brewery tour and drank plenty of good NZ beer (and some so-so Australian beer), hiked on a glacier, took lots of pictures, relaxed on the beach, saw my first topless beach, petted a kangaroo, found out a dingo was really just a reddish looking dog, ate good food but stayed away from the 'roo or emu burgers, saw a sky full of unfamiliar stars, failed to notice which way the toilets flushed, due to the oddities of traveling over the international date line we lost June 24th 2004 forever but gained an extra July 12th (why did we have to choose gaining an extra Monday?
Sorry I haven't been participating too much.
To 5 kids from Berkeley :) > John Cusack for Co-Blogger!
I don't expect to make a huge success of things with anything that come after this job as I once hoped to.
