Fill a cocktail shaker with ice.
Our main course was a Dungeness crab($26.99) cooked to perfection in a golden curry sauce.
They rolled the heads in a spicy salt and deep fried them.
Everyone braved the rains and gathered for a simply wonderful evening.
com Sunday, May 2, 2004 -  12pm  Canton Seafood Restaurant 2649 Richmond, Houston, TX 713-526-1688  Attendees: Marty  Rebecca Laura  Cost Per Person: $30  Ok, I messed up and waited too long to reschedule.
Our vegetable dish was Sautéed Romaine Lettuce with Special Spicy Sauce(5.95).
Strain into the glass and serve.
Then add the cauliflower florets and stir until fully coated and yellow looking.
Then add the chunks of potato - stir until well coated in spices and then put the lid on the pot and let it simmer on a very low flame for around 15 mins.
Aloo Gobi  *	1 large cauliflower - stripped of leaf, washed and broken into bite-sized florets *	2 large onions chopped into coarse chunks *	3 medium potatoes, peeled and chopped into bite-sized chunks *	3-4 pod of garlic grated * 1 inch ginger root grated * 1 jalapeno or green chile grated *	Spices: Turmeric (halidi), Garam Masala, Ground Coriander, Salt, Dried methi (fenugreek) *	Seeds: Onion seed, black mustard seeds and Cumin (Jeera) seeds.
Let stand about 10 minutes, until frothy.
There were bits of caramelized ginger in the sauce.
I chose the grilled eggplant ($6.95), which while not significantly seasoned or memorable, was light and refreshing.
Add the juice, vodka, triple sec, and shake.
When I couldn’t reach Marty & Rebecca, I headed out to the restaurant.
Then add the powdered spices: 3 teaspons of garam masala, 2 teaspoons of ground coriander, 2 teaspoons of turmeric (haldi), 2 teaspoons fenugreek and 1 teaspoon of salt.
hts/dining/cook/1581159 Well, I can't believe we were so damn good.
Karen’s Peppery Fish ($8.95) was served in a hot pot and was delightfully seasoned and fresh.
My favorite was Tracy’s Vietnamese steak or beef ($8.95), which was tender with a very flavorful sauce.
We also got Spring Rolls (4.95), which I am not an aficionado of, but thought them wonderful.
