Perhaps you were an aspiring tyrant striving for the unquestioning obedience of the populace.
We talked about these abstract theories, we share the same interests along these lines.
We know that the future is ours to create.
...Formaldehyde (also detected?)
How many of these forces are tied to the necessity of mitochondria reproduction, for which we are merely vehicles or vessels?
"How long will the oil keep flowing?
This paradigm shift that restructures the fabric of society will be paid in blood, and that is why we have to come together as people, as bipolar creatures of flesh and guts instead of hiding behind our abstract ideas and words.
urlLink Cosmos 'a billion years older'   Measurements made in an underground laboratory suggest an atomic reaction that produces energy inside stars is slower than was believed.
- Vittorio Formisano, Ph.
But the vision I had was somewhat more mundane, acknowledging some of the current threads which will irrevocably necessitate a fundamental shift in the way we humans relate to each other and our world.
This is the message from the Association for the Study of Peak Oil (ASPO)."
),  ad hoc  network routing, and P2P applications by the weekend.
"The Day Out of Time is the 365th day of the Thirteen Moon calendar year.
and   urlLink Life After the Oil Crash  "Interest in the Titanic has been revived because it's the perfect metaphor for our nation.  Intuitively, we know this is true.  We just don't want to admit we've already hit the iceberg."
urlLink World's first brain prosthesis revealed &nbsp;&nbsp; |&nbsp;&nbsp;[via  urlLink New Scientist ]   The world's first brain prosthesis - an artificial hippocampus - is about to be tested in California.
In the same way, P2P software allows for a wider spread of content, removing control from the previous gatekeepers in the various media corporations.
As it falls the drop is singular among many, distinguished from the other drops nearby.
As one delves deeper and deeper into the Self, more and more of creation is reflected on its surface.
It is, therefore, the day to experience true freedom in fourth dimensional time."
Here's to another billion years of not knowing what the universe really is!
