He instructs Aimee to pay him "whatever you think is fair" We give Derrick as much money as we can afford and the promise of our firstborns.
We go to Louisville and spend a lovely weekend with our friends and the baby, who are just glad we're there.
All in all, not too bad an experience, though I could have done without it.
Sarah has enjoyed her first three days at  urlLink NOW .
This weekend we had her friends Elizabeth and Erin visiting for Sarah's birthday (which was yesterday), and this coming weekend Ron and Lisa will be in town.
After the forum, we stayed for the NOW PAC auction (Sarah because she had to, me because....well, I had to too).
At one point, this exchange occurred:   Trucker  (talking about the male fashion consultant on the show): That one's queer ain't he?
Final Final Exams   I've started studying for my last set of finals in law school.
As a member of the council, they paid for me to come to Providence, Rhode Island and not only participate in the NWSLC but also participate in a panel/workshop at the National Convention which was held simultaneously with the Conference.
Once I caught her, she ran to the corner and promptly took a shit on the carpet which she hasn't done in months.
I've got my first one Saturday, and then I have two more in five days.
Because of the amount and the fact that we don't really have 120 bucks to give the bank, I decided that I should overcome my fear of talking to people and call to see if anything could be done to salvage a generally crappy afternoon.
They support getting patient consent prior to circumcision.
I wonder if this is the same reasoning people use when having more kids?
Interesting Tidbits   When you run spell check on a blog entry, it pulls up blog as a misspelled word (Replace with bloc, Bloch, blow)...  A woman in France married her dead fiance yesterday.
(If  you are prochoice, plan on being there!)
Instead of talking about why our commander-in-chief led us into a preemptive war on faulty evidence during this election, we're are going to be talking about whether or not the government should be able to tell me who I should marry.
$0.75 per answer to anyone that can answer any of the following questions.
Last week, I was leaving Paducah and thought this van was too close to me so I swerved left (I was in the left lane) and overcorrected into to him.
The mysterious stranger (we'll call him Jim, since that was his name) called the station and ordered us a tow truck and told the manager to "treat us right."
