if im not home  right on time he sends mom out to drive around and look for me.
but i basically have my entire family after me to be as much of a person as daveid and go and see him because hes asking for me and im going to feel sorry if i dont.
it was like going back in time to when she lived across the street and i could go see her whenever i wanted!!
=D =D the third one won us a free game, i think i won two or three and lisa got the other one....if i only got 2 then either cory or byron got the last one.
i ended up sleeping over because i was there pretty late and i rode my bike to get there.
dont lie to me, i dont  want u to lie to me, be honest, ur such a little lier, etc, etc.
but uhm...yeah....oh the other thing that was weird was that this morning i got my marks thing, cept that all i got was the Virtual Learning Centre Honours Certificate....there was no report card, so i know that my mark is higher then 80 coz i got honours, but i dont know how MUCH higher, lol.
*cries*  Stupid cruel little voice making me cry all the time.
(evil ben *glares*  *lil voice cheers*) then b4 we got to the mall we stopped at the park and played for a bit, lol, laura chan would like that park, theres a swinset on top of a hill, so ud go rolling really far if u jumped off from level with the bar!!
well anywayz, , the piont is that he was MORE controlling when he was living with my mother b4 i was born and they were married.
owell, do i care that much???
i think i zonked out around 1 or something because i dont remember brenden coming home, and i know i was up again @ 4 because i looked @ my watch and it was bright enough to see it, so that made sence.
hes such an asshole cuz apairently hes thought this for quite a while.
nywayz, then we lost everyone coz we thought we were going swimming, then we werent, then ppl came back to look for bathingsuits in the car, and then they left and appairently told us to meet them by the whale, (a statue near the door where we came in), but we didnt coz we thought that they were coming back to get us, and i at least knew my way around the mall...how i knew, i dont know, coz i cant for the life of me find my way around gcvi, and i think that the skewl is just an itty bit smaller then that mall, lol.
he is embarrasing and he harasses my friends.
nywayz, i was fine this time, it was sooo much fun, lol.
and then a while later, jim (dad) came home, and hes exactly the same, lol, hes scottish and yeah, he sounded like arnold shwartzernigger (yes i know its spelled wrong, shiaddup) a couple time, lmao, twas funny.
and theres absolutley no one online on my laptop.
Anywayz we ate and then mom called me and she was home so we went home and hung out for a bit, my wrist really starting to hurt by this time, and we jus like sat around for a while, then john wanted to watch the Lion King 2 so we did and cory and lisa came over too.
arrg....owell...hopefully itll do me till we get back to guelph....but id almost rather get one here coz theres no provincial sales tax....owell, i spose ill have to live.
