Tomorrow is the introduction day that I will just screw everything and say hi to everyone and crap now that I know were my classes are and junk.
*click I just find these sort of in-depth conversations with tele-marketers trying to 'save you money' sad.
I had homework in every class except band here lately and it's not to much fun.
By the way, I'll take your great comments from our conversation to heart.
This was a lame excuse for a post was it not?
Nobody knows exactly how many songs we are playing this year so it might be four like usual or it might only be three this year.
What you're wearing: Blue and white long sleeve baseball style shirt and green courtary shorts just like in  urlLink this picture  actually.
I'm not a big fan of things that crawl but it's only really when they sneak up on me.
Exactly what you're doing to me But that's okay... 'Cause I'm not playing anymore CHORUS I see what you're trying to hide It didn't take me long to realize You can't fool me with your disguise I can see right through your lying eyes You took your shot, pushed me around You're never gonna take me down So get out of my face... With your masquerade Since I've moved on Things are going everyway but wrong It's a brighter day (across the sky) A new life, new friends It's got me wondering where I've been I was in a haze I know... That you're still bearing down on me That's okay... 'Cause I'm not running anymore CHORUS When it all comes down You won't have control over me You can shape it how you want But you have been revealed You took your shot, pushed me around You're never gonna take me down CHORUS - The song is awesome even tho my posting it now is a little late but I sill feel the same way.
Who would have guessed Irby could sing like he did!?
Tonight was a little depressing.
I'm running on empty and running out of words but please just hear me and read these last few words.
And Tyler too for listening to me ramble Sunday night about everything that happened on the trip!
I love my website but believe it or not folks I do have prirorites and my website isn't number one, two, three, four, or five.
Am I completely certain as to why I am?
Friends can be  very  confusing.
Part of my list of homework tonight, as always on Monday nights for english, was to write sentences using my current list of SAT Prep vocabulary.
Still working on my profile and getting reid of the kinky too.
All the acts at the talent show were really good.
The bus ride to and from was very interesting.
