Peace Started work today and I am now really really tired...I am going to bed...
It is left over MAD (mutually assured destruction) protections built into the system.
I look at facts and roll them into my own conclusions...that usually strikes a balance.
The side effect or symptom of many of the social programs and laws that were passed to protect workers and the environment actually produced the middle class.
Such deep thought is always hard...and yet I am always compelled to think this way.
Then Sunday I get to return to the crass commercialism of the mall to sit there and laugh at people and read a book.
There are many steps to achieving this, but all in all the technique is relatively simple overall.
I have been pretty busy and my brain is mulling over many things right now...I promise I will respond.
Well you see that is from my neighbor.
Cheney may still yet be prosecuted in France in a bribery charge against his company Halliburton.
These people are scared of people in the far flung corners of the planet not because there is a genuine threat but rather an irrational reaction because their leaders (the right wingers), and indeed the moderates leaders as well.
If they get this infusion of cash many wealthy people will cash out of the stock market and many others will simply steal the money as we have seen at Enron or Tyco, and many others.
If it was a genuine ad from someone they need to know that as well and perhaps have the author defend his position or offer his view.
The reality is that Liberals are far from that...well ok maybe one or two want to do that, but almost all of them to a tee want to see the Government returning services for the massive amounts of money it collects each year.
and he was sued by many different organizations for his book and ideas.
I will spare no mercy on those who do not agree.
And the excuse as far as I could tell for not using commercial airlines all the time was because of his security detail carrying weapons and that poses problems on airliners.
The bed and open closet design (and little storage things so it looks like I am anal).
On one side you have Gillespie, Bill, and Hillary Clinton.
I imagine she would have a very large guy in her life that would easily beat me to within a mere smudge of my life.
