You see there was this game for extra credit for the grammar test coming up.
3rd period, I have AP Euro with Matthew Kaizor, some teacher named Mr. Ferrante, Jimmy Smith told me he was awesome so I guess I'm set.
The second day was normal... except for the raging seagulls which made Britt and I die of laughter.
Ok, GanGstA GoO iS OuT, PaYcE Bla bla blah blah MR. ROGER'S EATING HIS WAY THROUGH THE HEART OF A PENGUIN.
Ok, I gotta do it now, later...and next time I'm writing in this blogger, I'll be a changed man...a changed man...a changed man.
So back to the rest of the day.
Then the rest was torture as we walked and ran about 10 miles.
The Lion King show was magnifecent, I fell for Pochohantaus and the Dinosaur Travel Through Time Ride kicked major wung ho.
So, Matt could only stay for like an hour, then he had to go to soccer.
Tomorrow night my dad and I are going to see it in Manhattan, I think I'm gonna piss my pants.
Friday was lay back at Vistana Resort day.
Ok, so you have good stuff in school.
This morning I hung out with Paul and went into town with him, said our last final goodbyes.
Has somebody been giving me nose candy in my sleep?
"All that we can do is just survive All that we can do to help ourselves is stay alive  Ragged lines of ragged grey Skeletons, they shuffle away Shouting guards and smoking guns Will cut down the unlucky ones  I clutch the wire fence until my fingers bleed A wound that will not heal A heart that cannot feel Hoping that the horror will recede Hoping that tomorrow we'll all be freed  Sickness to insanity Prayer to profanity Days and weeks and months go by Don't feel the hunger  Too weak to cry  I hear the sound of gunfire at the prison gate Are the liberators here?
Now Heaton's sleeping over and we're gonna watch The Matrix Reloaded again.
All the ones had to deal with love but never loved their love as much as Neo did and Neo believed that he could save Trinity along with Zion if he picked the other door.
Nothing but black space with white stars, and the gaseous galaxies far into the distance that aren't even there, they are only printed onto a wall of no memory, no existance, it's only a painting.
With the U and Y. Weird distinct Paul Stoltz laugh.
We fulfilled our tradition of throwing the pickles onto the glass wall like they do in Billy Madison.
