As I was walking I was thinking about what to do  with college and all the other junk I need to start thinking about.
and thanks about the solo thing, jason :) i have a correction to make: i play flute and piccolo, and im thinking about learning clarinet and saxophone over the summer, considering they'll be lying around the house cuz neither my lil bro or sis have the propensity, lets say, towards music....
-- Oscar Wilde (18:33:15) Jason: so have an idea for your op-ed column?
I also met my very old friend Amanda who I haven't seen in a couple months so that was fun.
I just haven't been very happy lately and I don't really want to turn this into an angst blog so I will limit my activity here.
I couldn't get it to turn on.
But even islands enjoy connectedness--to oceans.
There are Harvard Grads that are bum's in the street (not many) and people who went to unknown colleges who do great things.
i am now thoroughly disgusted.
it wouldnt happen again, however; in the morning i would be gone.
that means I cannot count like my new site?
Kill the Wabbit Kill The Wabbit!
sleep work poker alchy (I did not partake) sleep x5  Jackie is a little poker addict now poor Jackie  have fun with your ipod at Duke..try not to pawn it when you lose big :-P urlLink The official church of Spongebob Squarepants    Dear Lord....please smite them....please http://musicmaster.
Not good....It had a lesbian and a  light  sex scene outlined oh boy I'm screwed.... Long Live Jesus SARS I'm sick of all these no comments make a fricken comment.
its the only gravy i ever liked.
Found cool company  urlLink Magnatune: We're a record label.
I wish I got a chance to say goodbye.
in retrospect that was pretty dumb urlLink  take this pol party compatibility quiz   I am 80% compatible with the Green party   GO NADAR studying for APNSL hard crap anyway busy tired need sleep may god help us all urlLink  Bash.
[Music- Ben Folds -Fred Jones part 2] ...Life barrels on like a runaway train..... Jason     is a Human-Sized Lizard that is Radioactive.
im at a dc leadership conference, and i was supposed to go at 10 am, and it's now 10:25.  im so sad i made so many good friends and now they're gone.
