It's the PR equivalent of the Bush Administration claiming they are cracking down and pursuing corporate polluters.
However, in the rush of reports, the CIA and its then leader, George Tenet, were hardly mentioned.
...and I mean from the top down over this ever-widening scandal of Iraqi prisoner abuse and now  urlLink  murder  !
He makes a  urlLink powerful case  for all moderate Republicans to take a close look at not what the President has said but what he's done.
Then we tried it our way for eight years.
In the meantime, pleasure-seeking individuals in Alabama can always  urlLink order over the internet .
As for Iraqi civilians, between 8,789 and 10,638 civilians have died since war began March 19, 2003, according to one group of British and American researchers that surveys media reports and eyewitness accounts.
EPIC also points out in the letter that Article 25 of the Treaty lacks a "dual-criminality" provision under which activity must be considered criminal in both countries before one country can demand the citizens of the other be spied upon.
(That's right, I'm a New England Hate-triot!)
I'm not a big George W. fan but his new campaign ad is thought-provoking, informative and might just sway the election in his favor.
With most of the industry already shut down, this can only prolong things until the dust settles.
It should be enough for a couple of new face tats, at the very least.
Does this strike anyone else as unbelievable?
How about going on Arab TV and apologize to every Iraqi who you claimed to have liberated from the evil despot, Saddam, who tortured his people.
Want to see Condi's lies?
Was Saddam such a friend to Islam, other than paying lip-service to Allah?
This interest is a sign of how far Web media such as blogs have come in reshaping the data-collection habits of intelligence professionals and others, even with the knowledge that the accuracy of what's reported in some blogs is questionable.
This is exactly the kind of pressure that needs to be applied to Diebold and other manufacturers of electronic voting machines so that they will produce equipment that will maintain the basic integrity of our democracy.
Now it's time to elect a president who at least seems smart enough not to screw up a budget, an economy, and a war.
The Justice Department has imposed an unusually broad veil of secrecy on the Edmonds case, declaring details of her case to be a matter of "state secrets."
