Generally, I gush about fandom and other light subjects at  urlLink my blog  and  urlLink my LJ , with the occasional "real life" post thrown in for good measure.
And if you're a stupid person  stay the hell away from the airport self-check in kiosks .
I can't even begin to fathom, though, what it must be like to deal with this illness on two fronts--both a parent and a spouse.
The same goes for grocery store self check-outs.
&nbsp;  I was rather disappointed, therefore, to see so many posts at a particular message board ranting and raving about how horrible this news is, particularly with regard to the possible impact it will have on the burgeoning Luke/Lorelai relationship.&nbsp; People have threatened to stop watching the show if there is even a hint of romance between Lorelai and Christopher.&nbsp; Others have railed against series creator Amy Sherman-Palladino, declaring that she has been leading them down the Luke/Lorelai path with subtext (and not-so-subtext) since the series began, and it would be wrong for her not to allow that couple to be together.&nbsp; Naturally, there have been several rather impassioned posts declaring what a jerk Christopher is.
Don't cut me off to get into the drive-through lane first, and then sit there reading the menu for five minutes.
I can only hope that as time goes by, and we come to understand the brain better, identification and treatment of these illnesses will become faster and easier.
Unfortunately, because he was actually bipolar and not simply depressed, this caused him to enter a manic state.
I'm sure it wasn't easy for their son and daughter-in-law, either, who recently moved back to MI from AZ, where my dad's cousin lives.
&nbsp;  It just amazes me how much to heart some people are taking this news.&nbsp; Repeat after me: They're.
A while back, we learned that my dad's cousin's husband (did you follow that?)
Over $200 dollars for what was basically a tube of satin.
Because of this, her son, B, is currently living with his aunt and uncle, while J, along with their 15-month-old daughter, live at home.
My mom gave M a call, wanting to lend her support, and she learned that R had told M he was going to divorce her.
The speed limit is 45 and there's no traffic?
And it's "supposedly," not "supposably."
A part of me would like to think that, because I am willing to talk about my experiences, others are willing to confide in me.
In the past five years, though, I've learned of a startling number of people who suffer from it.
&nbsp;  I find it hysterical, therefore, to see such vitriol, such threats of violence, as people spew when they are angry over something like a piece of casting news.&nbsp; In the past week or so, there have been important announcements about two of my favorite shows,  Gilmore Girls  and  CSI .
That's not to say it was an easy experience, of course, but many people with bipolar disorder are never truly stable.
