fuckin most fun ive ever had  sure, u sucked at school and were annoying  but u r my best friend  and i miss you  more than you know  i feel like your dead  because after this shit that happened, i know that ur life isnt going to be the same  i know that your parents are gonna be on ur case  and i know that ur never gonna be able to party again  fuck man, i miss the days of petey pablo, of playing ball during the day and messing around with chicks at night  i miss the sleepovers  i miss the room with all the shoes  i miss the can  haha  the can  i miss the schmirkneever  fuck man, i miss you  so, even though you cant read this  because ur off in outward bound somewhere because frankly ur life sucks right now  im here for u dog  remember the time u poured beer all over sarahs pants  or when m and c got hella wasted and me u rand and putshit had to make sure they didnt kill eachother  shit, i had my first drink with u   remember our endless quest to get papers?
"Sam, what did you do on your vacation?"
no, I was greeted with a "Sam, sit down" I proceeded to park my derriere in a seat at the dining room table  which still possessed the placemats I had set upon it just a few hours earlier for the next 20 minutes I was inundated with reasons why I wasn’t good enough, especially concerning my grades this left me speechless I had worked my ass off in every one of those classes I had raised all my grades to b's, except in Spanish, in which the teacher specifically said that I had been working just as hard, and just wasn’t getting it now, if anyone else had said this to me my mother, for example anyone other than my father I would’ve ripped into them I would’ve yelled like there was no tomorrow no, but here I sat listening to my father telling me that I wasn’t someone that colleges want the only words I spoke during this verbal tirade were  "dad, um, I'm in 9th grade?"
So, here I go, off to try and meet your demands again.
Steve's street is set up so that there's a place that has his same address but it's a block up.
But, don't be sad, children, for there is hope.
And we usually know what we do, and do what we know.
I suppose it's fine; it's summer and if I want to I can sleep in all day.
Talk to me if you have any questions.
when I was done  I cleared his plate, and my mothers, and everything that was out on the table  I then put everything in the dishwasher  I then ran the dishwasher  at this point  I was heated  and retreated back to my room to escape from the retardedness of my family but wait it gets better after thinking about it for a while I realized that not once during the entire day had anyone thanked me for giving up my time to help them : whether it was at my mom's work, or through my tireless kitchen chores I thank my mom when she does the slightest thing but no, a simple, thanks Sam is too much to muster after an hour of being removed from the situation I am summoned once again this time by my father who had just arrived home from Chicago there was no hello son or, my trip was grand, was your day swell?
Ok, probably not,  but maybe I should just let this burn out until I don't like her  anymore, all feelings don't need to lead to a relationship.
I wish I could be like you, easily amused.
I’m not asking you to get straight a's I’m asking you to get b's, b+'s, a-'s, that sort of thing so Sam does it make sense?
we sat up until 3 in the morning just talking"  i hear u sistah  i want to have one of those  but it would eventually have to lead to sex  because everyone knows that if u wanna get laid, just mask it and ull get some  from some ugly bitch  and then  then cry  because ur life  no its not a mess  its just sorry, boring and pathetic  and most of all  ur work  ur art  ur life  is unappreciated  and then  then u r the man dear peter,  im sorry  im sorry i couldnt have been there for you when u needed me.
I could  never see people from there again.
I think that this is the problem.
I feel empty, like I'm in a holding pattern, or I'm out of the loop, and then I wonder why I'm not motivated to do anything.
And  And  And  if you counted the number of times I cried over you  You'd need to use your fingers and your toes  And this is sam  Crying  Doesn't happen.
remember taco del mar and when i ordered 6 meats?
i am back, fat, and ugly as ever.
