Well once the media pulls all the info together, they'll publish it.
Alchol shall be consumed.
I don't even want to know what I got anymore - if I can't write my own name and address, I certainly can't pass the stupid test.
It must be my sexiness or the free tacos that I hand out in the street.
sigh and i couldnt help but laugh at his stupidity.
If Sharman Networks hasn't banned it, it'll keep working, and that like is uselful.
well so schools HERE lol and we've been waking up UNBELIEVABLY early...well tomorrow i'll still be there early but a lil late.
In any case, I really hope you're feelin' better, hope it wasn't too serious.
Do you mean Zashid...or whatever...black guy?
Besides that today has been like crap with crap on the side and some more crap for dessert.
We had fun, I got to be a  massuer , the guy who gives massages.
Very bloody, and very funny.
Appareantly I never went to get my diploma or my report card, both of which are actually right next to me, and, according to the cut card, my continued absence could put my school success in peril...  Well, I'm the Zenman, and...wow...that's some impressive stupidity...  "Did you say the F-word?"
today's been busy, yet fun.
xoxo For all you windows users:  urlLink Power Toys, Improve your Windows GUIness  They have some of the kewlest little window tweaks, such as the Alt-Tab replacement and the Desktop manager.
It was a completely hipster crowd though, but that can't be helped.
As my new year's wish, I ask that very one flame  urlLink this  retard with emails stating that he should be sent off to a leber colony and be left there to rot until even the lebers grow tired of his company (which shouldn't be long).
Peace out... check this  urlLink penny arcade cartoon  out.
I was actually thinking about that message on my friend's profile... Today is the official salute to all the losers, those who don't care to be on top but rather just want out of the dog pile.
The girls did their nails today and turned out beautiful...damn bubbles...and yes, I will be obsessive about them.
