"He's somewhere up the Laughing Brook.
"I want to think it over.
"I'd like to know what you're making such a fuss about, Mr. Crow, but I've got to feed the cows and milk them first," said he.
"I--I guess it wasn't the fault of that thing.
"It's worse than I thought," cried he.
"My, but those sandwiches will taste good," thought he.
"Reddy, Reddy, smart and sly, Couldn't catch a buzzing fly!"
"Somebody _has_ been fishing here, and they have had better luck than I have," thought he.
"Yes, Sir, I'm going fishing.
"You take my advice, Little Joe Otter," continued Grandfather Frog, "and always make friends with those who are bigger and stronger and smarter than you are.
And Billy Mink, who had been watching, ate the fat trout.
And right away everybody lost a great deal of the respect for Buster which they had felt.
And that brings us back to the question, did Buster steal Farmer Brown's boy's pail?
And while he was wondering, he ate it all up.
Anyway, that is what he said when he told about it afterward.
At the next little pool the same thing happened.
Blacky didn't know what to make of it.
Buster Bear _had_ come to live in the Green Forest, and Farmer Brown's boy _had_ seen his footprint.
But he didn't get so much as a nibble.
But when his temper is aroused and gets away from him, then watch out!
Chatterer gave a little frightened gasp and looked this way and looked that way.
Farmer Brown's boy looked over there as if he wondered what all that fuss was about, as indeed he did, but he didn't start to go over and see.
He always whistles when he feels light-hearted, and he always feels light-hearted when he goes fishing.
He felt that he had the greatest news to tell since Peter Rabbit had first found the tracks of Buster Bear in the Green Forest.
He found this just as muddy as the other.
He frightened the fish so that they fled in every direction.
He hadn't seen Buster Bear, and he didn't know that he or any one else was anywhere near.
He just chomped them all up together and patted his stomach from sheer delight.
He licked his lips hungrily as he spoke.
He looked this way and he looked that way suspiciously, but there was no one to be seen.
He ran just as Peter Rabbit runs when he has got to reach the dear Old Briar-patch before Reddy Fox can catch him, which, you know, is as fast as he can run.
He reached out a big paw and pushed it gently.
He spread his arms and legs out just as far as he could, and that kept him from falling as fast and as hard as he otherwise would have done, because being spread out so flat that way, the air held him up a little.
He was hungry--hungry for berries and nothing else.
His little eyes twinkled with enjoyment, and he didn't mind at all if now and then he got leaves, and some green berries in his mouth with the big ripe berries.
How Chatterer did wish that he had kept his tongue still!
I'll eat you all up to the last hair on your tail!"
If he had had his terrible gun with him, it might have been different.
In less time than it takes to tell about it, Buster was alone.
It is a very simple plan, and if you will all hide where you can watch, you will be able to see for yourselves if Little Joe Otter is right.
It seemed to Buster that he had had all that he could stand that day and a little more.
It was a bad beginning for a beautiful day and Little Joe knew it.
Little Joe Otter gave a frightened squeal and without even turning to see who was speaking dropped his fish and dived headfirst into the Laughing Brook.
No wonder Sammy was excited.
Now when Little Joe Otter found that Buster Bear had been too smart for him and that instead of spoiling Buster's fishing in the Laughing Brook he had really made it easier for Buster to catch all the fish he wanted, Little Joe went off down to the Smiling Pool in a great rage.
Now you know that Buster is a very big fellow, and it takes a lot to fill him up.
Of course Farmer Brown's Boy didn't let him.
Of course, Peter Rabbit helped spread it.
On another lily-pad sat Spotty the Turtle.
One of them moved now, and quicker than a wink had scooped one of those foolish fish out on to the bank.
Sammy Jay looked at Blacky the Crow, and Blacky looked at Chatterer, and Chatterer looked at Happy Jack, and Happy Jack looked at Peter Rabbit, and Peter looked at Unc' Billy Possum, and Unc' Billy looked at Bobby Coon, and Bobby looked at Johnny Chuck, and Johnny looked at Reddy Fox, and Reddy looked at Jimmy Skunk, and Jimmy looked at Billy Mink, and Billy looked at Little Joe Otter, and for a minute nobody could say a word.
Sammy waited a little until he could see better.
So Farmer Brown's boy made his lunch on blueberries and then rather sheepishly he started for home to tell of all the strange things that had happened to him in the Old Pasture.
So, when Farmer Brown's boy started for the barn instead of for the Green Forest, Blacky didn't know what to make of it.
That's just what I'll do.
The fact is, he was afraid to.
The sharp eyes of Sammy Jay and Blacky the Crow saw him.
Then Little Joe gave a funny little gasp.
Then there was another yell.
Then there wouldn't be any secret.
Then, and not till then, did Buster recover his usual good nature.
There is something that I used to have and don't have now.
There was no doubt about it, for with the yell Farmer Brown's boy turned and ran for home, as no one ever had seen him run before.
They were real berries, and all he had got to do was to help himself.
This is the end of the adventures of Buster Bear in this book because--guess why.
This puzzled him more than ever.
Unc' Billy Possum, sticking his head out from a hollow tree, held _his_ breath.
When Blacky and Sammy saw him coming, they moved a little farther in to the Green Forest, still screaming in the most excited way.
When he came in sight of the little pool, who should he see but another fisherman there, who had already caught a fine fat trout.
When he had eaten the trout he had caught, he moved along to the next little pool.
Why, right in the middle of the biggest patch of the biggest blueberries he ever had seen in all his life!
With a blow of a big paw he sent it clattering against a tree.
With a roar of anger Buster Bear charged out of his hiding place.
Yes, Sir, Buster Bear ran away with the big tin pail of Farmer Brown's boy!
Yes, Sir, that's what it was, and all it was.
You see he wasn't well enough acquainted with Buster to know that Buster is quite as smart as he is, and perhaps a little bit smarter.
You see, they had come to believe that Farmer Brown's boy wasn't afraid of anybody or anything, and as most of them were very much afraid of him, they had hard work to believe that he would really be afraid of even such a great, big, strong fellow as Buster Bear.
