Silence filled the air as Mr. Darcy now found himself alone and brimming with a restless energy that he knew not what to do with.
With Jane then observing that it was not too far from Meryton, she reminded her mother that the family would still be able to visit with Mrs. Phillips and vice versa, describing the opportunity it offered them all to travel more frequently.
Makes one almost wish he were there to see it."
And as she now began to realize, there very much was cause for concern.
Agreeing, he reiterated his thoughts with regards to their next steps, "I believe it now paramount that we leave Longbourn as soon as may be; it is clear that any delay is not possible.
In addition to this, he had also spent much of his day having to stand quietly by as Mrs. Bennet bemoaned their imminent departure from Longbourn to all who would listen.
For a moment she paused, not failing to notice his slight intake of breath upon hearing her words.
With Mrs. Bennet having not had word from Elizabeth in several months, he could not image what fantastical tales the lady must have spun in her absence; Mrs. Bennet's penchant for nonsensical ramblings surely excited.
Silence once again descended on the room as they both appeared to be at a loss as to what to say or do next.
With a gentle smile, Aunt Madeline rose from the bed and approached the window, patting her niece's hand in a show of compassion and understanding.
"You know I would wish to see her!"
The cleaning had worked wonderfully and the necklace was once again restored to its stunning beauty, as it had been years prior when worn each day by the late Lady Anne Darcy.
Why are you concerned for Jane?"
But now, finally, his long day of trying to will Father Time along had at last brought so very close the moment he had awaited.
But not wanting to appear ungracious before her fiancé's relatives, she quickly added, "Pray do pass along my deepest appreciation for their well wishes."
When it was finally Mr. Hurst who piped in, his contribution to the situation was by no measure helpful.
I know not how to comfort Reggie, who still seeks his mother's attentions each day.
Dear Jane, always trying to see only the best in others.
I believe you will find its contents to be of particular interest."
Draped in a flowing gown of sapphire silk, her blond curls piled high beneath a hat adorned with countless feathers and ribbons, she was undoubtedly a woman of high status and high style for her day.
