I am glad I was not a week later then."
However, as they are so very desirous to have dear Emma dine with them, and as you will both be there, and Mr. Knightley too, to take care of her, I cannot wish to prevent it, provided the weather be what it ought, neither damp, nor cold, nor windy."
There is a quickness of perception in some, a nicety in the discernment of character, a natural penetration, in short, which no experience in others can equal, and Lady Russell had been less gifted in this part of understanding than her young friend.
"She is pretty, I think; Anne Elliot; very pretty, when one comes to look at her.
"Well--I am so glad you do.
We all wish her extremely happy; and Mrs. Ferrars's conduct throughout the whole, has been such as every conscientious, good mother, in like circumstances, would adopt.
Nothing ever happened on either side that was not announced immediately.
Well, Mrs. Weston, you have prevailed, I hope, and these ladies will oblige us."
That evening seemed to be made up of exquisite moments.
After her entrance, Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before, and Mrs. Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long.
Before the middle of the next day, he was at Hartfield; and he entered the room with such an agreeable smile as certified the continuance of the scheme.
"I understand you," said Elinor.
Perhaps just at present he may be undecided; the smallness of your fortune may make him hang back; his friends may all advise him against it.
"At present," continued Elinor, "he regrets what he has done.
"Why should you think so!"
Two months must bring it to the proof.
His concern however was very apparent; and after expressing it with earnestness, he added, in the same low voice,--"But, Marianne, the horse is still yours, though you cannot use it now.
"But she raises none in those most concerned.
Marianne's countenance was more communicative.
Elinor wished that the same forbearance could have extended towards herself, but that was impossible, and she was obliged to listen day after day to the indignation of them all.
