Chapter 1: History Changing July, 31 1980 Third person POV They were expecting one child but they got two. The first Twins in the potter family. Edward Charles Potter, he had brown hair with streaks of red but not the same color as lily's, hers was bright fiery Phoenix feathers red, no his were a kind of burnt red, darker then lily's hair. Edward's eyes were a bright brown that had streaks of green going threw them. They made a bright hazel. He was an average sized baby with all the cute baby fat. He came screeching at the top of his lungs, loud enough to ring through the St. Mungos hospital. Edward's godfathers were Remus Lupin, Sirius black and Peter Pettigrew. And his godmothers were petunia dursley, lily's sister and bailey Mckinnion. All of this was decided before the children were born. They never knew another child was coming. The Second child was Harry James Potter. His hair was the darkest black, it appeared to have blue hue. His eyes, they seemed green, seemed. They looked like an emerald shining in the sun, a blue ring that was very faint but made his eyes pop even more. But if you looked close enough you would see that that you could not describe that green, you could not put into words how it looked, you could not describe the color, The vibrance. The powerful glow these eyes had, you would put them to shame by describing them, you cannot imagine how they looked. His features looked as if he was an angel, sculptured by the gods. His eyes held intelligence that was not of his age. He seemed too old for his babyish looks, he had little baby fat looked as if he lost it all. This boys was pure perfection. Harry's godfathers were Severus Snape and Frank Longbottom. His godmothers are Narcissa Malfoy, Alice Longbottom and Minerva Mcgonagall. Edward came out loud, Harry didn't make a sound. The doctors had to make sure he was alive. He was too quiet for a baby, much too quiet. Sitting there holding her children, lily felt as if someone was watching, someone of great importance was witnessing their children's birth. They would never know who that person was because they was too caught up in the love they feel for them, their children. Edward was born at 11:32. Harry was born seconds before 12:00, seconds away from August 1. No one was paying attention, They were all in awe at the twins. No one saw how those few seconds changed the world. How this grave mistake will change the magical world for the worst. The nurse that was Helping Lily give birth said Harry was born on August 1 at 12:02. No he was not, he was born 9 seconds before 12:00, Those 9 seconds the nurse was not paying attention changed Harry's life. Changed the potters lives, it will change everyone's life. The first year of their lives, they were equals. They were treated the same, had the same love, gifts, treats, punishments. Even when the two boys looked nothing alike, they were true twins, True family. Until that one fateful Halloween night, where everything changed. Where they all changed. October, 31 1981 Magic and festivity hung in the air like electricity before a storm on that cold hallowed night. Frigid puddles interspersed over a slick deserted black road and a wind that howled a mournful cry at the moon curled up into the air. Tucked into the warm and quiet house, a two children slept soundly, ignorant of the harsh and dangerous world outside of the nursery's four walls. A man walked up to a house that was lit with a fire and warmness. Many couldnt see thos house because regular people don't live there, no four magical beings live their. The man was tall, he had smooth pale skin and dark chocolate locks that fell gently on his head. But it was his eye you were drawn too, they were red, I sticking crimson that could be glamored to a light brown. He knew he shouldn't do it, he knew that it's wrong to waste magical blood. The child did not deserve to be killed but his mind was foggy he wasemt in total control. Something was off in his mind but he didn't notice how bad it was because his soul and mind was not in the right place. He walked slowly to the front gate as the shadows seeped into his lungs. As the trees swayed as the 4 great powers came to watch the great event about to unfold. The winds took the happy feeling as the gate creaked with old age and brown rust. A crash was heard in the house and yells echoed out the open windows. The man walked faster to the house. He would only kill one out of the family of four, the two adults were still young enough to have new children. The man pushed the door open with his magic, the father and husband of the family stood tall in the living room. He had brown hair and hazel eyes his name was James potter. The potter lord was told Voldemort was a snake man, but James was shocked to see the dark lord was normal looking. He froze thinking it wasn't the dark lord after all and that was all Voldemort needed, he stunned the man with a stunner and a deep sleep charms and then made his way up the white stairs. Toward the cries and screams. The magic in the air hummed as the events of great misfortune came into view for the 4 heavenly powers. The dark lord opened the door and watched as the woman with bright red hair and emerald eyes named lily potter weeped over her sons. " Step aside girl...or I will kill them both " "No, no, no, no, not my babies. Please not my babies, take me instead. Their just babies please spare them, please" The former Tom Marvolo Riddle cast the same spells on the woman as he did the man. Sh fell to the floor in a heap of limbs. Voldemort looked at the two children. One child know as Edward potter sat in the corner of his crib, screeching at the top of his lungs. Reddish-brown hair and hazel eyes. The dark lord closed his eyes and tried to feel the magic coming off of the toddler. It was average for one so small. The second child in his crib was quiet, and glaring at the dark lord. But babies can't glare, thought the dark lord. The toddler was Harry Potter. He had dark black hair and killing curse green eyes. The man dis the same as he did with the other child. He closed his eyes and tried to feel the magic coming off the child. It took him a moment to feel it but it was their, coming off him in buckets. He was the one, the one to vanquish the dark lord. "I would let you stay alive if I knew you would join me but with the people around you that is very unlikely...I'm sorry" He pointed his white yew wand at the black haired and green eyes boy and cast the killing curse. " Avada Kedavra " The spell that was the same color as his eyes rushed to the one year old but it was stopped by a shield of magic around the boy. One great power decided to intervene, making a large rift in the first foretold events. Making everything different but not unwanted by the other 3 heavenly powers. The boy deserved to live. To change the world. The fatal spell hit former Tom Riddle in the chest not killing him, no because a piece of his soul stuck to Harry because the boy was the next powerful thing in the room. The soul let Harry's magic absorb it making him all the stronger. Backlash of Harry's shield destroyed the room, a piece of wood from the crib and roof hit edward making a V on his cheek. Harry fell back exhausted from the shield and use of his magic, fell asleep with his dark gleaming hair in his face. Edward lays awake screaming because of the scratch of the magical wood making it a scar. Sirius and Remus run through the door to find James just waking up from the stunner spell... they never knew where the house was but now that the spell was broken their memories of the plans for the potters to live there unlocked. James awoke rather violently at that moment. " whe..where..LILY, THE BOYS... " he yelled running up the stairs to find his wife in the floor, Edward crying and Harry sleeping. He ran and picked up lily and Edward seeming to forget about Harry. Severus just arrived and ran up the stairs to find James with lily in his arms and Edward on the floor with them. He saw harry asleep in his crib. Severus ran to his godchild making sure he was ok. Just then Dumbledore walks through the door smiling with that sparkle in his eye. Lily on the floor coming to and holding edward. Sirius, Remus, and Severus couldn't help but sneer at him, Sirius found out what dumbledore was up to about two years ago when his brother was killed, Sirius told Remus and Severus had know for years now because he is a 'death eater', really he's just going to the side he saw fit. They know he is just a manipulative, power hunger old man who ruins people's life everyday. That old man just walked in the house like everything was ok. The three men were so mad that James and lily didn't even think to check on Harry. It was all that old mans fault telling them those lies. The three men soon became friends once they showed up pledging themselves to marvolo's side. Harry opened his eyes to reveal his eyes have they had an inhuman glow to them but his right eye had his normal killing curse green but his left had a bright red, the same color of our lords eyes, the same red of 'lord Voldemort's'. The three men didn't notice the change in the boys eyes because he blinked twice and then their back to there glowing killing curse green. " This...this means marvolo...marvolo is dead, something must have happened. We...we can't let anyone know we were pledged to the dark lord because when he returns we will need to be ready so we can let anyone know, no one! " Severus and the two other men turned back to start paying attention what dumb-as-a-door is telling lily and James, they man was mumbling until he cast his eyes on both boys then looked firmly at Edward and his now bloody scar. "...I declare Edward Charles Potter The boy-who-lived.. ". 'Why is it up to him, we have test to have this done, he could be wrong.' Severus thought it himself as he rocked his godson back into a peaceful sleep. The boy was clucking onto severus robes as the potions master stood and left the house with the other wizards. The decision that Dumbledore made changed history, changed the original plan of the fates, changed the plans the 4 heavenly powers had for that night. The boys were now separated and treated differently. Edward became famous for something he didn't do and Harry was left in the shadows, forgotten from the world except for Sirius, Remus and Severus. Authors note: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters they belong to the wonderful J.K ROWLING Narcissa is Harry godmother because lily and her were friends at hogwarts, way before all of this happened but now lily believes Dumbledore's lies and so does James. This is my first fanfic written on here so if it's bad sorry please review so I can make it better thanks. The chapter will get longer from here. Bye Edited on: July 11th 2018 Words: 2014
Thoughts Spells parseltongue ~6 years later~ Third person POV Six years have past since the Halloween night. The two boys have grown apart and the parents have forgotten their youngest child. But it was not there fault. When harry was three an old man tried to convince them to send the youngest twin away but the three spys fought back so the child didn't get sent away thankfully but for some reason the mother of harry potter didn't fight. She almost gave away one of her sons. And they did t know why, lily was never like that before, never, not even when she was a child. She would have fought for anyone but she didn't. She didn't fight for her son. Those six years changed the little boy called Harry Potter. He's not the happy and laughing child he was before that night. He was basically raised by the house elves and portraits, this is not the proper childhood. Harry had grown cold, well as cold as a 7 year old could be, the mask he had learned to wear is almost completely real, the only Time he is truly happy he is with his uncle's (Sirius, Remus and Severus) and that is not often because Dumbledore told lily and James that Sirius, Remus and Severus are bad people. He told them that the three men are untrustworthy and will resent them for teaching edward so early and the two potters believed him wholeheartedly. They don't question the headmaster at all, Dumbledore is lily and James's hero. Harry grew from a baby to a practical grown up by age 7, when harry was about four he could read and do minimal 3rd year magic because the portraits and the three spys knew the little boy was a top scholar. His parents never paid attention to him after he was about two so he knows they forgot about him that they won't remember him or anything he has done. But he wasn't learning for them, he was doing it for himself and so he could prove to his 'parents' they shouldn't forget about their children. ~Saturday/ Easter holiday ~ Harry was seven years old now and has finished his Wizarding education with the help of the family portraits, and his uncles. He's on a NEWT level on everything you could learn at Hogwarts, there are multiple things he's learned that are not taught at Hogwarts, languages, customs, many different creatures, and history behind it all. He started muggle school when he was three with the help of his actual aunt that lived in London. She wasn't very nice but when she heard what her sister had done she decided to help her nephew just to get back at lily. And when severus had explained to her that Dudley's children could be magical she wanted to be on someones good side in the magical society so her grandchildren didn't suffer. The potions master was taking harry to meet some friends today and the boy was happy to leave the manor and meet new people and see his uncles. He loved them and thought of them as his real family not his 'parents and brother'. Harry started casting his spell wand-lessly because he was not old enough to have a wand so he practiced until he could do it all without a wand and some even silently. "Tempest it's 5:23 so sev should be here in half an hour I need to get ready" He mumble to himself. He got up and grab a set of fancy robes but not too formal because usually they were really uncomfortable and a hard to move around in. The colors are black and dark green and silver trimmings. Harry always loved the color green and silver every since he learned the meaning behind the colors. Green ment life and power while silver ment resilience and strength. He grabbed black dragon hide boots and gloves since he never went anywhere without them because the need to look for potion ingredients and they could keep something dangerous away from his hands. He got in and out of the shower really fast making sure to cover his familiar Mark's on his wrist and neck. They were really rare and to find any of your familiars is really uncommon, most never find their bonded animals. (A/N this is it, he has two familiars, they're twins) After he got dressed and he quickly dried his hair with a gentle push of his magic and then went out to try and find dawn and dusk (his familiars, dawn is a girl and dusk is a boy) and get out of the house before everyone else woke up and tried to stop him from leaving. He was really tired of sneaking around the house so no one saw him. "Dawn,dussk come here please we need to get ready to go with ssev" He wait a few moments when they came sliding in into his room hissing and jumping at each other playfully. They were like small children. But harry loved them and they were fun to be around. "there you are come on you need a bath ssso we can go" -Harry "ok harry we are coming" -dawn " here we are, sorry we were hunting and jussst came back in" -dusk "Its ok guys as long as your ready for your bath" -Harry "Yaayy we get to play in the water again. I love the water" -dawn "Ok let'sss go then" -Harry He let them climb up his legs and up his body so they could wrap themselves around his neck. After he gave them a bath they played for about ten minutes because again like small children, Dawn's purple and blue scales shining in the water contrasting with her molten mercury colored eyes. Dusk's black and a gold scales gleaming now that they are clean, his emerald green eyes, that were so like his masters were shining with happiness because he is with his sister and he bonded human. The wards flared around harry telling him that his uncle sev had arrived. Harry hadn't seen him in about a month because of his teaching position at Hogwarts so he couldn't visit his godson often and when he did get the time to visit the potions master always tries to make the most of his time with harry. Harry started making his way down to the entrance hall when Edward comes out of his room a few doors down from the stairs opposite to Harrys. Harry pulled his mask up to full 'power' while he tried to make his way down the stairs with put being seen. "wha..who are you...?" The boy-Who-Lived asked his you ge twin brother. After looking at harry a moment he hesitantly says "ha..harry? "Yes, thats me. What do you need brother?" "ummm.. ok what are you doing here, I mean up this early?" "Well I'm going with uncle sev to meet some of his friends so yeah I'm going now" Harry said making his way down the white marble stairs. He grabbed the golden railing and glided rushing down the stairs. He stops and turned around when he heard Edward again. "Wait Har..harry why do you have two snakes wrapped a..around your neck" "these are my familiars of course, bye now." Harry turned down the hallway without a second glance at his famous brother knowing that the boy would forget about him in a few hours maybe even minutes. Harry finished making his way down to the entrance hall while he was stuck in his own thoughts and then he ran into the potions master and then falling off his feet. "I'm sorry uncle sev I didn't see you there" " it's quit all right Harry, what were you thinking about?" "I ran into Edward in the hall way and he was asking about dawn and dusk" "who is dawn and dusk Harry?" " oh right you haven't met them yet here let me show you...dawn dusk could you guys come out a sec, plz... ok here they come" Harry looked up and to see sev is starring at me in shock, not beacause of speaking parseltongue becaue he always been able to do that, even before the Halloween incident. "umm Harry those are baby basilisk do you know what that means... I mean nevermind, where did you find them" "they found me in the woods a few weeks ago, well their mother did and then they hatched and became my familiars" *flashback* He was walking down the trail deep within the forest behind the manor when harry heard someone asking for help. " .. help I need help..any one" He followed the hissing/talking to find a mother snake protecting her eggs from a giant lizard. She was a basilisk but was pretty young considering they could live for thousands of years. " GET away from her you stupid lizard" Harry Said with high command laced in his voice, his eyes flashed as his magic was pushed into the command. "oh a speaker, your a speaker of course I shall leave" The giant lizard backed away slowly then he turned and ran the opposite direction from where it was standing.. "Are you alright , I hope you are. It would be bad if you got hurt on my watch" " yes young speaker we are all right, I haven't meet a speaker for a great number of years young one what is your name?" "I dont know how I'm a speaker I've been told my family is not related to any other speakers. My name is harry potter by the way" "Alright harry and a speaker dosnet need to be related to get the ability you just need to be given the ability from lady magic but with how fluent you are with it I think you are related to a speaker somehow, a speaker is someone who speaks and understands the sacred language of old magic that why lady magic gives the ability to those strong enough to handle it responsibly" "Thank you for telling me that, and are your eggs alright miss...?" "Oh my name is Luna and my eggs are alright too, I was just scared for a minute, I haven't yet grown into my venom, that will come to me when my eggs hatch though and thank you for helping me harry it is very appreciated" "Your welcome...would you like to bring them back to my house becaue now the the lizard knows where you are." "That would be very helpful, I also see great potential in you, young Harry, yes it is great, I would love to come with you if it is not a problem." "No, not at all. You just have to stay with me and not wonder near the other humans." "Ok let's go!" Three days later "Harry, HARRY my eggs are hatching wake UP!!" "Oh, huh, did...did you say the eggs?" "Yes, Harry we must go now!!" "Ok ok I'm coming." He ran into the room they had setup for the snakes and he saw the eggs inside the nest by the fire place with cracks running through them. This was really exciting for harry becaue baskaliks are very rare, almost extinct. "Ok luna, what do we do now?" "We have to Wait now child, all we do now is wait." About half an hour passed when they heard the first hissing, it was slurred together but still understandable to the two inside the room. "Hmmmmm that smells good, what... what is that." "Help out... tangled up...help out!" "Luna what do we do she is tangled up?" "It's ok harry. I will help my daughter." Luna helped the little girl snake out of her egg and untangled her. By the time she was done both snakes are out and looking at the boy, confused harry asked their mother. "Luna, why are they looking at me like that" "Harry move closer to them" He walked up two feet and the snakes seem to smell the air, looked at the boy and then they leap up on harry and wrapped around his neck hissing happily. "Umm Luna what are they doing?" "Well it seems that they are bonded to you now all you have to do is let them bite your neck so you will be bonded to them" "Is that safe for me Luna, like I won't die at all?" "No Harry you won't die it will sting a little though, is that ok?" "Yes as long as they don't kill me" "By the way Harry there names are dusk and dawn" "Ok thanks" Dusk and dawn bit into Harry's neck and he could feel his blood and magic adapting to them and my neck and wrist sizzled with a new found mark. It stringed for a few minutes but after that harry was fine. He looked at his mark on his wrist and grinned. The mark was two snakes making an infinity sign, yhey were black and gold on his skin and The designs were made of beautiful waves. "Oooohhhh that so cool Luna" * end of flashback* Harry explain what happened to severus and he smiles at his godson saying " great job Harry already found your Familiars that's really lucky of you, many wizards never even find their familiars and you found both of them." "Thanks uncle sev, now i want to know where are we going to day, I've going crazy wondering." "Harry we are going to meet my very best friends and there son, you and him might become good friends and I'm going to go pack your stuff because your staying with me there for a week, 0k?" "Really...really a whole week do...do you know how many books I can read in that time, and they have a library and training room right?" "Yes Harry they do you shouldn't worry I have you covered now We have to go pack your stuff come on" Harry followed his godfather up the stairs and toward his room. Edward wasn't in the hall witch was lucky since Edward was told severus was a bad person. And they both knew who told Edward those things, James potter. Severus packed his things and they made their way back the entrance hall so secure could apperate them to their destination. Harry hadn't left the manor in so long he was nearly bouncing on the walls and to k ow they had a library was even better. Harry had finished every book in the potter library even if the books were only about light magic and very prejudice to everything even remotely dark or grey. Harry really wanted to learn all aspects of magic beacause well why wouldn't he, it was amazing. To section it and ban it wwa a horriable thing to do, their was so much magic to learn and they people banned the information. They were all so lucky to have magic when muggles out their had nothing like they did. They didn't even know it was possible to access this part of the world. Harry and severus popped out of potter manor with little noise. The next thing harry saw was a tall four story high manor. It looked old and abandoned, the pair was peelingpeeling off and the land was barren. The gate was rust er d and blackened. The garden was weeds and vines, while the cobble stone drive was rocky and missing pieces. But that was what it looked like to the muggles. When severus opened the front gate, it changed with the woosh of magic. The manor changed to a beautiful pure white while the gate took on a silver color. The grounds turned from hideous to breathtaking, it was a lush green with every kind of flower and color. The hedges were in the shapes of magical animals and albino peacocks ran around the lawn. The path took on a brand new look as the pieces came back and it was shiny clean. The flowers and plants reached for harry as the made their way to the front doors. The knocker was golden and in the shape of a snake and had leaves wrapped around it. Severus Snape POV Harry having two familiars means he is very powerful and I could still feel the magic coming off him without evening trying, I think he will have more because he took in toms soul and just because how powerful he is. I see the plants are trying to reach for him... wait what? They plants are trying to touch him...oh by Salazar's snake, what in the world is happing and what was with the magic flaring when he walked through the gates that has never happened before. It didn't look like harry had noticed the flare of magic. I will ask Lucius and see what he says. By the time we reach the door the vines from the ground are following us... oh wow. I pick up Harry and walk faster to the door. When I get there I nock and Lucius answers the door "Oh yeah Severus, your finally here, and with a little boy?" Hey Lucy, this is Harry, he's staying with me this week until I leave" I tell him I put Harry done and say to him "Harry this uncle Lucy ok, just uncle Lucy, his wife is your godmother too so that means he is your honorary godfather too, kinda like me " I look up and say to Lucy "isn't that right Lucy" luv is red now and Harry walked up to him and said with his hand out " hello uncle Lucy I'm Harry Potter, it's nice to meet you" I burst out laughing because he called him uncle Lucy with a straight face...I will never say this but it took me about five minutes to stop laughing. Luc is giving a death glare while he shakes Harry's hand, that's funny. Third person POV "hello uncle Lucy I'm Harry Potter, it's nice to meet you" He said to the man knowing that it wasn't his name but it was fun to play along. Anybody who's anybody knows that the knocker was the malfoy emblem and when harry heard severus start laughing behind him, harry knew the man found it funny. 'Uncle Lucy' sent severus a glare when he shook Harry's hand. Lucius was surprised about how harry looked, the boy looked nothing like his father, he looked more like a black really, 'Dorea black lives on' lucius thought to himself. "why hello harry it's nice to meet you, uncle Lucy is not my name you can call me uncle luc ok, is that alright?" "Yep." Harry leaned up to the malfoy lord and whispered to him " lets leave sev out here for a while!" "Ok let's do it" The malfoy lord said back to him smiling brightly. He pulled harry inside to the entrance hall and locked the wards and door behind him, they waited for about five minutes and then here "Hey, hey, hey, luc let me in, I won't laugh anymore" Sev yelled while banging on the door with the knocker, Luc looks at harry and asked. "Should we let him?" "I think so, do you want too?" "Yeah let's let him in, we wont want to get him vengeful" Lucius unlocked the wards and harry open the door and sev looked at harry then at luc and says "Oh no this is bad, another little kid to deal with" he looked at harry again and asked. " I give you the job of looking after him, Harry can you do that, can you Look after uncle Lucy for me?" This time harry started laughing and it echoed throughout the malfoy manor. Uncle sev and luc looked at the boy w weirdly and then I hear foot steps coming down the stairs so I turn around to see a little boy with bleach blond hair and blue-grey, like ice, colored eyes he looked like I miniature luc, literally. "Hey dad what was that sound it sounded like laughing, it was unfamiliar." He comes to a halt at the end of the stairs and looks at luc then sev and then harry. His eyes widened after he looked at harry for a moment. " who's this dad?" He asked "I'm Harry Potter, nice to meet you." Harry held out his hand, the boy stood frozen for a moment then he burst into action "Hi, nice to meet you too I'm malfoy, draco malfoy." Draco shook harry hand with a smile, severus had told him about harry some time ago. He knew that harry was really smart and that the were Godbrothers. Draco didn't really like people that much, but to meet someone who was like him. Harry smiled brightly and he was a little happier than he was before to meet someone new and have a potential friend. Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy became the bests of friend. Harry trusts Draco with his life and Draco the same with Harry. Through the next few years Harry and Draco are inseparable, they basically lived together. Harry was the happiest he has ever been. Narcissa and Lucius treated him like a son and Harry had finally found a family. His real family didn't even know he leaves potter manor. The four heaveanly powers that watched over the special boy were happy that the little prodigy had finally found a source of happiness. Many things were to happen to this boy and they didn't need him cruel and not want to help when he was needed. A/N: That is all for chapter two I hope it's good and this one was extra Long with about 7 hundred words I'm going to try to get it longer then this later on so there is more to read please tell me if there is mistakes so I can fix them thanks. Was it good? Please review! Edited on: July 11th 2018 2687 words ~phoenix~
Chapter 3: The Hogwarrs Letter and Knocturn Alley. #Gobbledegook# Parseltongue Four years later... Third person POV Today was the day the Hogwarts letter came for the two best friends. Harry and draco had grown close, like brothers. They did everything together. The malfoy family had welcomed him with open arms ans narcissus treated harry like he was her son. A little after harry started staying at the manor for weeks on end, Sirius and remus moved in with them. They barely got to see the boy so they wanted to be close to him. A long while ago harry had finished his muggle education when he was nine and fell in love with the muggle technology, so he started working with it and was the first person to ever get magic and technology to join and work together. First it was pretty hard because it had to run on his magic, but it did help stretch and exercise his magical core. Then he connected to the family magic but after that he researched further and found the magical ley and earth lines and connected his inventions to that, now that was hard. After that he started experimenting with different potions ans cures for the muggle sickness and brought alot of cures for both worlds. He never liked the spot light so got the head healer and remus to be his spokesperson. They told everyone that the healer wanted to stay out of the papers and harry was soon named the miracle healer. Not something he really wanted but who really cares. Well today was the special day, hogwarts letters. His would be delivered to the potter manor because legally he lived there. He left the malfoy manor around 8 and went up to the second heir tower to gather his things from the room and then made his way down the main stairs to the dining room. Lily and James were sitting at the table with three plates set up. About 5 minutes later a barn owl came in with three diffrent letters. Lily took the letter from the owl and gave the bird some bacon from her plate and he flew away. He looked through the letter and held one out to James. Since that night they were attacked lily hadn't acted like herself, she acted like herself but never really was lily evens. No she acted like the perfact pureblood wife, never talking unless talked to and always sitting straight, her eyes were a foggy green instead of the emerald green they were before. Lily handed the letter to James and asked "Can you call Edward down, he hasn't awoken yet" "Of course, pip" An elf popped in beside and she trembled at the sight of James, he always treated his elfs badly, thinking them are below him. Luckily harry had convinced lucius to treat his better when he knew elfs can betray a family and get into the most warded places because how diffrent the magic was. James told the elf to wake up Edward and get him down stairs. Lily looked back at the letter and held up another letter. "James, who's harry?" Harry then walked into the room, it was something to not remember your kid even when told his name, I mean it says harry potter, like who would be. "That would be me" He said while walking in the room. Lily turned around so fast she almost fell. The boy infront of her brought memories back to her head, but she couldnt break free, he almost started cry at the sight of her youngest son, but she wasn't in control. Instead her body looked at his confused. He walked up to her and took the letter she was holding, and he almost got to the door when " who are you,young man?" James asked Harry turned around and pulled his masks all the way up, his magic was sucked into his body and he stood almost impossibly straight, his eyes lost all emotions and his face was blank. "Your youngest son and Edward younger twins, Harry James Potter, now I have somewhere to be, goodbye" Harry walked through the manor but stopped by portrait hall, saying hello to the people?...who basically raised him. He wrote some runes on the frames and let them join portraits at malfoy manor so he could see them all, then he appareted out of the potter manor to the front gates of Malfoy manor. Well that went better than expected. He walk in the front hall and a blond blur knocked into harry and he fell. Luckily all the floors and walls had cushioning charms on then. "Harry Harry Harry my letter is here where have you been" Draco asked his loudly. " well Draco Draco Draco I had to go get mine" Harry answered. He heared laughing from behind Draco and saw aunt cissa and uncle luc laughing at them, they had draco's letter in hand and moony and padfoot behind them started chuckling " Draco I think you can get off now please" Harry asked, draco was pretty heavy when he tried to breath properly. The blonde blushed and stood up, dusting him self off and putting his hand out for harry to take. "Sorry Harry" Harry grabbed the other boys hand and straightened his robes. He turned to face his makeshift family in everything but blood. He held up the Hogwarts letter, moony smiled at him picked up the boy he thought of as his son and spun them both around happily. " well cub let's go open yours and Draco's letter" " lets do it moony I really want to see" They walked up to the family sitting room with remus still carrying the 10 year old boy. " you can put me down now moony" "Oh umm right, sorry" Sirius laughed behind them and Remus goes red. Remus sat the harry back on the ground and coughed "Sorry harry, moonys excited, it also really sad that your leaving" "It's ok moony" " Ok let's open them now" Harry sat down in the arm chair ans opened the letter and it read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Harry pulled out another piece of parchment and smiled it read: MR. Potter you have formally been accepted into the accelerated program at hogwarts. This program has you doing two apprenticeships under two diffrent subjects. You will be doing everything for the class for every year in one term then going to the next. Your first year consists of Transfiguration and charms. You will have different class then ever first year after the first week. Your first week of class will be with the fellow first years then you will transferred to your accelerated classes. The Second year apprenticeships will be potions and runes. The Third year will be history of magic and defense against the dark arts. The forth year will be herbology and arithmancy. The fifth year will be care of magical creatures and divination. The sixth year will be a year long healing apprenticeship and astronomy. The Seventh year will be abroad studying with masters and mistress of each magic. When you finish a apprenticeship you will take OWLs then NEWTs for each apprenticeship. A/N: ok harry still has to go to class with each teacher but they will be at different times and away from the other students. You can only have two apprenticeships per year but he still has classes with each teacher every year. "What why can't we take a broom" draco asked "Yeah why remus you told me that the school brooms are bad" " well I guess you can't take any and it said only three animals what are you going to do with your snakes?" Remus asked " well it said as pets not familiars and if I have to show my mark with them I will but I'm still taking them...dawn, dusk can you come here please..." A few moments later the snakes slithered Into the room, they had gotten much bigger, to where they sat around Harry's shoulders and the tails touching the floor, he made a spell about a year ago that would shrink them without hurting them so he would be able to take them to hogwarts and not scare people. "Harry Harry did you get your letter?" -dawn "Yeah Harry can you read it to us?"-dusk "I'll read it later, but you get to come with me, won't that be fun"-Harry "Yay we don't have to leave you and we get to see the big castle you and your uncles talk about"-dawn "Yeah we will be happy if we go with you"-dawn "Ok come here and you can hear us talking and we will be leaving soon to go to Knockturn"-harry They slither up his legs and curled in his lap. He looked up and saw everyone looking at him and his snakes with a confused expressions, Draco says "Harry warn us next time you know that you mess with the magic in the room" "oh right sorry" "Yeah yeah sure you are, now are we going to get our school supplies or not" Draco said looking at lucius "Yeah let's get ready" "Wait, while I was at the potters they got three letters mine,Edwards and another one why would they need another letter" harry asked his uncles "I don't know Harry maybe it's from,Dumbledore" Remus said with hate laced in his voice " yeah Harry just forget about it, come on let's go get ready to go" " yeah your right let's go" About ten minutes later they floo'd to the leaky caldron and walking into Gringotts for money withdrawals from the black, malfoy and Harry's vaults "#greeting my dear goblin,I have come to have a transaction from my vault#" The room falls into silence, all the goblins looking at him very very shocked because not one wizard since the founders has spoken in Gobbledegook. "#d...do you really speak our long forgotten language#" "#yes of course ever magical human should because you all work here and should know your language and culture#" Now all the people in Gringotts was staring at him even the ones he arrived with, and then Sirius whispered "You know moony he is always surprising us" "I know padfoot It really is weird he knows all this stuff at 10,I didn't know all this at 10." "You know what I think Harry is smarter then you moony, and that means a lot" 1st person POV Now they are smiling at me. I turn back around and see that the goblin has walked away. A few moments later he comes back with an even older goblin. "#hello sir I heard you need to get money out of your vault, my name is Griphook, I will take you#" "#ok let's go, mister Griphook,my name is Harry Potter but you and the rest of the goblins can call me Harry, my vault number is 679 and I have the key right...oh shoot I forgot it...#" I snap my fingers thinking of the key and it pops into my hand "#ok here you are the key#" "#Oh, ok so you really do speak ok let's go#" I follow Griphook to the door behind the desk when I notice my family is not behind me I turn around to see them looking at me surprised. I gesture for them to follow me "Are you coming or not" Draco snaps out of it first, him grabbing cissa's hand pulled her to me, I continued to follow Griphook to my vault, it's a newer one so it's not that long until we are almost there "First since it's a newer vault you have to go through the magic sensors" The goblins are now talking in English so my family will know what to do. One by one everyone goes with no problems until I go through last it's alarms sounding throughout the room "What's wrong" "Well Harry it seems that you have foreign magic in your system, would you like to get it removed" Griphook says with worry in his voice I look at everyone that nod "Ok I might be gone awhile can you all go ahead with your plans I will meet you all in Knockturn at the wand shop" I turn back to Griphook "Ok Mr.Griphook let's get this removed" He nodded and went back the opposite direction back outside to the main room. All the other goblins still a bit shocked because a little wizard spoke there language and had those views about them. We walk in another room with runes on the walls and floor I didn't have time to decipher them because Griphook says "#now Harry it might hurt a lot but you cannot pass out or we will have to do it again#" "#alright Griphook I won't thank you for helping me with this#" I bow to show respect and that I'm thankful. He looked shocked once again "# you are quit welcome young lord, we accept your respect and thanks#" He turns around and goes out the door again I wait a few moment when he comes back in with three potions and goblins in sacred ritual robes "#these Harry are to help with the pain than to loosen your magical hold on the foreign magic and these are the goblins that will help get rid of it and you have a binding on your magical core#" this time he is openly angry and worried at my predicament "#ok Griphook but I would like you to the foreign magic in..." I snap my fingers and my favorite bracelet pops into my hand it is basically the Hogwarts crest with a charm for each house but I have three for Slytherin because it's my favorite house"#... in this but I want the bind off immediately#" I say trying to keep my anger and magic intact. The goblins are looking at me surprised. Griphook speaks first "#h...how in Merlin's beard did you do magic in this room, it should be impossible#" "#oh that umm if you pay attention to the runes there are different sized gaps between them and if you focus on the runes around them you could over ride them to put small bouts of magic out there and that was a spell I made that basically teleports the things I want to me#" I flash them a sheepish smile. That looked really really shocked now then one of the other goblins turn to Griphook "#Griphook this boy...I can't even explain what he just did no one should be able to do that... no one, and he has a bind, Merlin he is powerful without his full power, ok but we should get started so he can leave#" Griphook turns back to me still unable to talk, Hands me the potions and I knock them back, I hand him the bracelet and he nods "#ok let's get this over with#" I walk to the center of the room and Griphook walks out, the goblins circle around me and start to chant first it's not that bad of a pain but then it gets bad but I know not to show weakness and since I have a high pain resistance I don't make sound, when they finish a black kind of substance comes from my scare then after the moment there is a blinding white light in the room, then it turns black and dies down, i slump to the floor panting trying to calm my nerves, I try to stand after about a minute but my knees give out and I fall again "Man that hurt, what in the hell was that" I look up to see the goblins just gawking at, just staring. I try to stand again but this time I don't fall, but I'm still a little shaky on my feet "Well at least it's over now, that was NOT fun, like at all" I say to my self I see griphook back in the room chuckling at the staring goblins one of them snaps out of there trance and mumbling to himself, taps on the other goblins shoulders and then walks out with them following. "Well Harry you just earned a lot of respect from them and that's really hard to do I think your the first" "Umm why I didn't do anything special" "Well you didn't make a sound when they did the ritual, and you did magic in a room that is supposed to be wizard and witch proof only goblins can do magic in this room but you just did some so they recognize that you are a very powerful wizard, oh and here is your bracelet while I put the magic in I found that we have other things with this magical signature would you like them?" I pick the bracelet from his hand and put it around my wrist, it it feeling warm there making me feel safe "Oh ok I didn't know that, and I would love to have the other things I wish to research them, and I would like to ask, do you know who put the bind on me and how much magic did it block from me, and I need to thank you again" "It's quit alright Harry and the person who put it on you was none other then the light lord or as you know him Dumbledore, and it looked like when it was first put on you I was meant for 90% but it seems like you magic started to break about 3 or 4 years ago but when we took it off it was a little more than 50%, and here are the other objects with the magical signature and you know your appearance has changed a bit, I think you had a glamor on you with the bind " he says leading us into his office I think I try to keep my magic in check but it started to circle around me and lifting everything in the room, my eyes glowing dangerously bright green and red, not that I knew that but, then I hear things start to break,smash and crackle, you could now see the magic curling around me, the colors now visible, silver, black, gray and gold bubbling and popping. I really don't want to get on the goblins bad side so I start to pull it back in while taking deep breaths. After I feel it retreat I calm it down and push it out to fix the room and everything I broke, I hear this going back together after the hit the ground I let my magic settle then I pull it back in and lock it in my body, ignoring the gasp I hear, and begin going through my shields and put them back up at their fullest, put my emotions behind it to hide my fury, no not correct I'm livid but I need to do good so I hide it in my mindscape and open my eyes again the glow not there anymore, and them only green this time " I'm so so so sorry griphook I don't mean to mess up your office, just Dumbledore's really an idiot if he thinks he can get away with that, man I hate him with all my being" I realize what he said and walk to the mirror and see that the hair is not the untamable mess it used to be but silky and straight with a blue kind of glow to it, my face once again having pure blooded look with sharp features, and my eyes more bright and clear a sharper kind of green with the blue around them a hard icy color, I have grown about six inches taller making me look at least an average 12 year old, and it seems I have a lot of grace in my walk that I have never practiced, it seems that the bind really was blocking my body too, that man is so dead, so so dead, I think to my self, griphook barley getting over his shock while he stares at me wide eyed and trying to talk after a few moments he just shakes his head. He hands me four things, a book that looks pretty old with a name on the spine Tom marvolo Riddle, a ring with a golden band and a black gem with the Peverell crest, I put it on, then he hands me a locket that is golden and has an S in the shape of a snake on the front. I shrink the book and put it in the locket then put the locket around my neck, then he gives me a diadem that has blue gems on it with a blue kind of bird on it I transfigure it into a bracelet and put it around my wrist. "Thank you griphook again really but I need to meet back with my family and get money from my vault, when I get home I will send you a letter to see what I find and I need to Pay for the ritual and the help you gave" "It's alright Harry and no need to pay for any thing , we were so glad to help you, it's been a really really long time since we met a wizard who could speak our language" "#May your gold ever flow and your enemy's fall to your blade, may we meet again in the future great goblin#" "#may your enemy's fall at your feet and you vaults fill with gold, honorable wizard we shall meet again#" he says surprised once again About 15 minutes later I'm walking to the front door but I stop spin around drop to my knee and say loudly "#Goodbye great goblins,May your gold ever flow and your enemy's fall to your blade, we shall meet again" The room once again is in shock when I walk out the doors don't close because the guards are in shock also I spin around and flash a great smile then walk away happy and feeling free without the bind on my magic, it's flowing freely within my body, since I have gotten taller Remus can't pick me up anymore, ha ha ha Remus now I'm not a baby, I say in my head I walk to knock turn and to 'greenwech wands' I see everybody standing outside, I wave at them, they look at me surprised, " Harry you know you look different, and taller no fair" Draco says "Yeah having having a bind on your magic Holds back a part of your growth and it looks like I had a strong glamour with it too , the head goblin told me" I hear growling and some gasps, Draco looking at me with fury on his face and worry in his eyes "Harry...who put the bind on you, and how much was it to block from you?" Remus asks with his eyes flashing and fury laced in his voice Seeing this is not the place to explain it I walk up to the group and push out my calming magic and aura, the effects are visible, Narcissa's eyes are not icy, Remus and Sirius are growling and Draco glaring at the people around Lucius is now looking down breathing deeply to keep his magic in check, "Guys i will explain later but this is not the time, let's get back to shopping and when we get home I will sit you down and show the memory's and explain, now I really need you all to calm down, just close your eyes and breath and pull up your strongest shields" I say in the voice I know calms even the maddest person, I push my magic out even more and it starts to circle each of them forcing their magic to settle and go back into their shields. They are all breathing deeply, they are quiet for about 5 minutes until draco says " ok let's hurry and get this done so we can go back to the manor so you can tell us, but know this whoever did that to you Har- my brother, I'm killing them, straight up killing them," Everyone looks at Draco and nods I here mumbled "ok's" through out them all "Ok let's go" They nod again and follow me into the shop, my senses Are assaulted with smells of potions and wood, the room is bigger compared to the outside and there is wands and woods on display, the walls are a dark brown and the desk white with black specks here and there, it looks freshly cleaned with boxes stacked neatly in the corner and wall. Then a old aged witch comes from the door on the other side of the room at the back, her robes professional wand making ones, black with gray and purple on the edges and Nicely trimmed on the sleeves and bottom, she looks and Draco for a moment and nods then she looks at me and her eyes widen and she stumbles back a bit "Let me guess, you had a bind on you magic and got rid of it today" she asks, confused for a second, I nod "Yeah about 30 minutes ago I did, how did you know miss..." "Oh my name is Lilith greenwech, but you all can call my liles, and I am very sensitive to magic and I can tell about half of your is newly freed" "Oh ok, well miss liles we are here for untraceable wands, we would like them made also" "Please call me just liles and of course let me do yours first young malfoy" "I...ok miss, how did you know I was a malfoy and call me Draco then?" "Well your hair of course and that you parents are behind you so..." she says smiling Draco smiles back and walks up the liles, she hits a button on the desk and selves pop out with all kinds of jars and wood on them " now, Draco I want you to wave your hand over each and every wood and grab the one that pulls at your magic, ok?" Draco nods and waves his hand over them slowly stoping at a few then moving on, he stops at one that I think is hawthorn, and picks it up, liles nods and grabs the wood, Draco waves his hands over the cores stoping at two one I know is unicorn hairs and the other is green scales he points at them and liles nodes again picking them up " ok Draco your wand will be made of hawthorn wood and unicorn hairs and mamba scales, it will be 10 inches long, good for healing and charms, potions too when needed" Draco nods again and turn back to his parents smiling happily, liles turns to me looking very happy "Now you young man look like a pure blood what's your name?" "I'm Harry Potter miss but you call me Harry, please" "Ok harry since you magic in new I want you to sit on this chair and push all of your magic until it fills the entire room, can you do that" I nod and sit on the chair she is pointing at I close my eyes and drop my shield that is holding my magic in and push it out until it can't move anymore and open my eyes ther is a wand floating in front of me, i lose focus and my magic snaps back in my body and I threw my shield up, the wand falls to the ground and I hear multiple people say "wow" I turn and pickup the wand and twirling it around in my hands "Who's is this?" "Well it seems you Harry are a descendant of Salazar Slytherin, that is his wand and since you instead of the other family got it first you will now be lord Slytherin until the old lord is renewed, but I also have to get your own wand so come do what Draco did to the wood, you will probably get more than one" I nod not registering what she said I walk up to the woods and go by them slowly, after a moment I get 4 and grab them handing them to liles, me getting stared at with shock, SIX8im.in, she takes them and sits them down. She points at the cores, I do the same and get six this time, three look like some kind of hair, one looks like a horn, and another cloth, the last bottle has five feather in it with different colors, there's red, yellow, white, blue, and black, now liles faints straight up faints and if not for my quick reflexes she would have hit her head on the desk. After a little Rennervate she is sitting on the chair looking around, I ask after her calming down "Lilies why did you faint" "Harry you...you just got six.. SIX cores that's impossible yo-nobody has gotten six, even Merlin had five not six, Harry six." "Is that bad" "No Harry that is amazing, impossible, but amazing...ok let's get to making them, since I have never worked with 4 and 6 you will have to come back in about three hours , ok" "Yeah that's fine we still have to get the rest of our school supplies, we can come back in about three hours" She nods and we leave, about an hour later after getting our books we walk into a pet shop looking for owls, I walk into the shop trying to find another of my familiars, so after Draco got his owl I push my magic and seeing if it connects to any of the animal. I follow the pull to an egg at the back of the shop, the egg is black and purple with little white dots here and there making it look like the night sky, I walk back to the shop keeper and ask her about it "Umm the egg at the back of the shop do you know what it is?" "Oh that thing some man brought it in when my grandpa still owned the shop, it's been here a long time, I don't know what it it or the story behind sorry,do you want it?" "Yeah I had a familiar pull to it, I would like it how much?" "Wow a pull well, since it's a familiar it's free plus we were about to get rid of it" We walk back to the back and when she hands my the egg, it starts to glow and warm up it starts to hatch, when it's about to open it shines bright where you can't look at it "Master master your here yay I have waited a really long time" I hear in my head The light dies done and what looks like a cat, with galaxy colored fur, with black and purple wings, flying around and she gets bigger, then bigger, then a little bigger and land on the ground, now looking like a lioness with the same colors, she starts a stretch, she walks up to me and starts to pur while she is running up against my leg "Yay finally I'm free, no more being in that stupid egg" She starts to growl at it in my hands. I hear footsteps and a shout then it comes to a stop, Draco says wow and Remus looks at me afraid "Harry I need you to back up from that thing, now" "What why?" "Because that is one of the last of its kind and it's really really dangerous, like by a lot" "But she's not mean, right?" I look at here asking and she starts to pur again but this time she is shrinking and then she's back to being a cute little kitten, she jumps in the air and curls on my shoulders and her tail wraps around my neck "See moony she not mean, just a cute little kitty, well ummm with wings too but still, cute," He stars at me wide eyed and looks like a fish out of water, but no sounds are coming out of his mouth, the cat still purring " Umm, do you have a name little one" "No"I hear in my head "Well can I name you" "Of course master" "Don't call my master, just Harry and how bout we name you... Celeste, because your fur and wings" "Yay I love it mas-Harry I am now Celeste, yay, you know Harry you have another familiar in this shop lets go get her" She hops down and walks to the front of the shop, then goes to the owls "You know Harry I don't know why she is with the owls she should be with the other birds because she is a Phoenix, and a shadow one at that" "Really maybe she was hiding so only I would find her" "Yeah that makes sense let's get her she is right there" She points with her tail at one beautiful black owl with harsh violet eyes looking at me, she hoots then starts to pick at the cage until it opens she flys around the lands on my head hooting happily "Well aren't you pretty girl, now what to name you hmmm...Athena, Greek goddess of wisdom and war, how bout that, do you like it" She hoots again and hits me with her head, then she flys around again then I hear Celeste say "Harry until we get home and bound she won't be able to talk to you like I do but she likes the name, a lot" "Ok well they'd go pay for her I want to get the rest of my school stuff and then my wand and when we get home you can meet my other familiars dusk and dawn, there snakes" She jumps up and says "ok" And sits on my shoulder and Athena lands on my other one, I walk back up to counter, the shop keeper looks and me then the Athena and starts to stutter "You.. you got the m..meanest bird to..like.. you, y-y-you c..can have her for free, t-thanks we were planing to get rid of her too" Two hours later we are walking back to the wand shop after we got the clothes and supplies, there is nobody in the shop this time either, when we get inside liles is no where to be found. We wait about five minutes and she comes from behind the door with two wands. She walks up to home and hands him a black wand with these snake and feather designs on it, then she turns to me and hands me the other wand that's about 11 inches and is multi colored between black,gray and,blue, with some other colors from the rainbow in there. "Well Harry your wand is 11 1/2 inches made of black yew wood, beech, black walnut, and elder wood the first and last piece I have and will ever own.Your cores are blailisk horn, dementor cloak, Phoenix(one for each bird) feathers, Veela hair, thestral tail hair, and unicorn tail hair, there are five Phoenix birds, fire, water, earth, air, shadow, you have one of each bird in your wand, and Slytherin wand is snake wood and blailisk horn, that's it and it will be 160 gallons, I know it's a lot but that elder wood was extremely expensive." "Oh that's fine I have the money and how much was Draco's" "His is 34 gallons" "Ok here is the goblins new invention all you have to do is tap your wand on the card and say payment 194 gallons" I hand here that card the goblins gave me and she nods taking out here wand and saying " payment 194 gallons" I take my new and and say "payment excepted" "That's everything let's go everybody, thanks again liles I will visit when I'm back in Knockturn have a nice rest of the day" "You too Harry see you soon" Third person POV Harry walks out of the shop with his makeshift family happy and content with what happened i the day, he doesn't know that a women with the same color eyes as him watching him leave in the floo, he doesn't see his family looking at him, or know that they were in Gringotts when he arrived and left, he doesn't know that when he arrives at Hogwarts his life will change a lot, all he is worried about is telling who put the block on him to his family. let's just say when Harry goes home and tells them what happened after they left him in the bank, Remus, Sirius, and Narcissa has to be licked in the manor for a week because they wanted to kill the light lord, and Harry is silently plan his death and fall from the Wizarding World, that man is in for a game he can't win, Albus Percival wulfric Brian Dumbledore, made the worst mistake when he messed with Harry James Potter Ok I have been researching a lot to get the facts right for this so it took longer for me to finish this chapter but I made it longer then the last chapter and tried to make sense but if you see mistakes please tell me so I can fix it thanks till next time. Edited on: July 26th 2019 ~bye~ Words: 6534
