Harry Potter: Brightburn: A Harry Potter Fanfiction Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its associated characters: all rights belong to JK Rowling. I do not any crossover references used in the story: all rights belong to their original creators. I do own any OC spells explained at the end of a chapter. Plot: Inspired by Brightburn: When an orphaned boy whom many think of as a freak discovers the truth of his legacy, and the great power that comes with it, he becomes something more. Something with a hunger for vengeance and a message guiding his life: Take the World! Author's Note: So, let me stress it now that this is NOT a crossover with that awesome dark-superhero-horror movie franchise, but it IS inspired by it and so, if you see anything that's similar, just think of it as a coincidence at best or worst. And, as always, if you don't like it, don't read it. Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my friends and fans, especially those that love it when I go Dark Side: my recommended reads are The Rise of Thanatos by JasminSky, Harry Potter: Lord of Darkness by AngelSlayer135, The Rise of a Dark Lord by LittleMissXanda, The Downward Spiral Saga – Harry Potter and the Homecoming, Harry Potter and Salazar's Legacy, Harry Potter and the Year of Broken Chains, Harry Potter and the Return of the Lost, Harry Potter and the Dirge of Hope and Harry Potter and the End of War – by BolshevikMuppet99, Harry Potter and The Prince of Power Book 1 Birth of a Snake by ACI100, Don't Anger Harry Potter by Loki Palmer, Path to Power by sirius009, Controlling Darkness by Generatedname, Brutal Harry by LordsFire, Harry Potter and the Prince of Slytherin by The Sinister Man, A Different Life by Tiro, When Daylight Dies by BloodyRose90, Dark Prince and The Allure of Darkness by LoveMyRomance and Darkly Dreaming Harry by Lineape Key Pairing: Eventual Evil Harmony (Evil Harry/Hermione) Other Pairings: To be determined Normal Speech 'Thoughts' /Parseltongue/ Chapter 1: Take the World! To anyone who'd heard the name in the quiet, dull, boring and judgmental minds of the sheep who lived in the cosy little town of Little Whinging, the boy known as Harry James Potter had never really been a normal sort child. Indeed, for as long as he could remember, Harry had always felt like he was different to the rest of the town's occupants, not that he thought of that as a bad thing. He was strong-willed, gifted with a level of intelligence that some of his teachers had often referred to as a skill known as eidetic memory – or at least, it was what they used to say before they were either convinced to seek employment elsewhere or had nasty rumours circling that wound up costing them their jobs, all because they showed a sense of kindness and warmth to Harry – and someone who seemed quiet and content to keep himself to himself, but, above all those things, Harry had still felt like he was different. The proof was there, be it on his face, where he bore an unusual-looking lightning-bolt-shaped scar over emerald-green eyes that seemed too bright by the standards of Privet Drive and Little Whinging, or in his unusual dreams that he would later learn were actually memories. But, what he didn't yet know was that he was different. Not that that was a bad thing. Brightburn When he was one year old – well, fifteen months, if one was being technical – Harry had been involved in a magical massacre, the likes of which the magical world had never seen before and never would again…or so they hoped. It was the night of October 31st, a night that was also known as Halloween and Samhain to those in the know and, for Harry, it was a night he would never forget no matter how hard he tried. It would also be his earliest memory that he often remembered from time to time: although he was only a baby, Harry's memory got better and better where the events surrounding that night were concerned and, by the time he was seven, he could remember it as though he'd been there as a grown-up. He remembered his Mother, Lily Alexandrea Potter nee Evans, putting him down in his crib before she'd kneeled down and, placing a soft kiss on his brow, she'd spoken to him. "Harry you are loved; so loved: Harry, Mama loves you, Dada loves you; Harry, be safe, be strong…and never forget that you are loved." However, it would be her next words that would guide him, though maybe not down the road Mrs Potter would have intended; "You are so special, my sweet little boy and, one day, you will take this world and make it your own, in your own way, with all your power, brilliance and loving friends at your side and at your command." It was a strange goodnight message to give to a child, by anyone's standards, yet it would, one day, be Harry's guiding light for the path he took. But we're getting ahead of ourselves… Brightburn At the time, Harry had been silent, speechless and watching as his Mother stood up before their home, a quaint, but nice little place in the town of Godric's Hollow, was attacked by magic. Once he was able to fully recollect the incident in question, Harry would be able to remember hearing his Father, James Charles Potter, screaming for his Mother, Lily, to take Harry and run before he was struck down by the dark wizard, Lord Voldemort. Rather than follow her now-late husband's instructions, however, Harry would also be able to remember how his Mother had turned and stood between Harry and the door to the nursery. On that night, Harry had been introduced to the Dark Lord Voldemort, the dark figure that haunted many nightmares and left hundreds of witches and wizards sleeping with the lights on. He had watched, and would later remember the image of his Mother begging and pleading with Voldemort to spare Harry, even going as far as suggesting he take her instead. Then, Harry would remember how, in a flash of green light, Lily Potter was gone…dead. Brightburn Even years later, when he thought of that moment, Harry still felt the same burning fury building inside him – a sensation his infant-self hadn't been able to understand – as he'd looked at Voldemort, who sneered before he pointed his wand at Harry. "Only I can live forever," he told the boy, before commanding his curse, Avada Kedavra, and sending the same murderous killing light that had taken the lives of Lily and James Potter towards Harry. Brightburn However, the reason that Harry had spent many a day and night trying to remember the night until it was as clear as crystal in his head was because of what he remembered happening next. It was a moment that, though he didn't yet know it, was as much a mystery to the men, women and children of the magical world as it was to Harry himself. When the light struck at him, it was almost like this otherworldly energy, born of naught, but pure magic and willpower itself, had surrounded Harry and seemingly taken in the magic of the curse, leaving the baby with little more than a lightning-bolt-shaped marking upon his brow. As for Voldemort, the magic that had enveloped Harry seemed content, if not determined to fight back and send the curse back to its owner, albeit with a blast that was more like a nuclear explosion, destroying Voldemort and tearing down the house until all that remained was Harry, curled up in his crib, crying loudly. When other magic users had come to investigate, they'd been relieved to find Harry alive and well, but none of them knew what Harry knew. None of them knew about it. And for a long time, Harry didn't really know about it either. He just knew that it was there, watching over him and protecting him from harm. And, one day, it would be there to help him do what his Mother had said he would have it within him to do one day. Take the World! His world! One day…it would all be his! Brightburn The first time it made itself known to him, Harry was only five years old, but it was a moment that stuck in his head for a long time to come. On that particular occasion, his cousin Dudley – whom he had been left with along with Harry's Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon – had thought it was a funny idea to try and drown Harry in the kiddie pool at the leisure centre. The only reason they were there was because of a business deal of his Uncle's going the right way because Vernon lied about teaching his kids to swim. Of course, Dudley might as well have floated like a life-buoy while Harry didn't even get a chance to start before Dudley decided it'd be funnier to see how long Harry could stay underwater. However, in trying to fight back, Harry had felt an overwhelming burning fury rise up inside him and, seconds later, little Dudley was being washed away out of the pool by waves that had sprung up out of nowhere. No-one could explain it, not even when the attendant and teacher pointed out that there wasn't even enough water in the pool for such a big wave, but Harry had known it. He'd known that he'd done it and, though he said nothing to his Aunt and Uncle, he also knew that they knew he'd done it. He just wished he knew how. Though he didn't forget to thank it for helping him out. It was his friend, after all. The only one he had in Little Whinging, but it was all he needed. Brightburn The next time Harry needed it to do something to help make him better was when Harry was nine. As he usually did at school, Dudley seemed content to try and chase Harry around the school, using some of the other big boys of the school to cut off Harry's escape route in a game they so cleverly called Harry Hunting, which was a game that he had to play because, if he didn't, Dudley went whining to his parents and Harry was punished while Dudley was given a reward for doing the right thing and putting the freak in his place. Anyway, during his flight from his cousin, Harry found himself backed into a corner in a small alleyway near the bins, without an escape route or a means to try and get away without doubling back and finding himself in the line of fire once again. As Dudley drew closer, Harry closed his eyes and felt that same burning feeling that he'd often felt before – like when Petunia savagely tore at his head and called it giving him a haircut, but then, somehow, the next morning, he was fully-haired once again; or how clothes he hated always shrank in the wash or even when he'd called it out and used it to turn that mean teacher's hair blue – but this time, something was different. Harry could feel it. And what he felt was something that was less like burning and more like tingling…a sort of ticklish, warm tingle that washed over him like a cool breeze on a hot day, making Harry feel like there was something different about it. He didn't know how to describe it, exactly, except to say that it was almost like something had finally acknowledged him as its new bearer. And now, it was his to command. It was his. It…was Him! Holding onto this strange new feeling, Harry opened his eyes to face his would-be pursuers and attackers, but when he did so, he was momentarily surprised to find the equivalent of a small army of birds, cats and dogs standing between him and the boys, all of whom went white at the growls, hisses and even twittering chirps that filled the air from Harry's legion of faithful protectors. As if that wasn't weird enough, Harry felt like it was helping him add an air of badass, cool-villain or seriously-awesome-hero atmosphere to the moment as, before he could stop himself, Harry had given the creatures a command. "Take them." All anyone heard was a loud cacophony of barks, chirps, loud meows and screams from the boys, which had filled the school and resulted in some of the boys needing to be sent to hospital for therapy. Even stranger was how, when questioned, one of the boys had even described Harry walking through the assault from the animals as though he were parting the Red Sea, wearing a pleased smile on his face, as though he enjoyed seeing them suffer, but nobody really believed their words, especially not when Harry was questioned and only lasted one session before he was given the all-clear. So, yet again, no-one could explain what had happened to the boys. No-one, that is, but Harry. Even if it was a little longer before he found the true name of It. Brightburn Magic. That's what It was called. And, at long last, after years of wondering and using things like comic books, stories, cartoons and his own imagination as a guide for learning how to make It his to command, just as he had felt It becoming, when Harry was eleven, he learned this from a giant man named Hagrid, who showed him that he was going to be attending a school for witches and wizards known as Hogwarts. When Uncle Vernon tried to argue otherwise, accidentally letting slip something Harry had known for a long while now anyway – that they knew what he could do – Harry was surprised when Aunt Petunia came to his rescue and told her husband that Harry had to go, but she also told him that he couldn't come back until the summer. Despite the fact it meant he wouldn't be able to show them what he was capable of with his new powers, Harry wasn't too slow on agreeing. By the time his day of information was done and Hagrid dropped him back off at home, Harry had seen and learned much of the magical world from the unusual, but pleasant district known as Diagon Alley. He'd also managed to acquire the means to focus his power, by means of a wand, and even found a friend who made him feel as good around them as he had felt whenever It was awake inside of him. A beautiful snowy owl, whom he named Hedwig, but who also became his truest of true friends, if not his only one, in the days, weeks, months and years to come. She was his and, though he couldn't understand her, he felt like she often told him this because she was as loyal as a well-trained dog and, whenever his relatives tried to make something of his work, his training or even keeping out of their way, she was there for him. Suffice to say, by the time September First came around, the Dursleys had set a new record in the local doctors' surgery for freak accidents that looked more like animal-inflicted wounds – the worst of which had been Vernon nearly losing his sight when Hedwig raked his eyes out for threatening Harry because he wasn't making dinner. At the same time, Harry was looking forwards to going back to the world that he had been born into. Mostly because he had a mission to complete, but also because, when he was told by Aunt Petunia that he wasn't to ask them anything about his world, he realised why it was they'd never said or done anything with other magical moments over the years. He knew why they had left him alone for many weeks and months at a time, only speaking to him to feed him and tell him to get out of bed; They were afraid of him! They feared his power. They feared him becoming too strong to control. 'Good!' After all, how else was he supposed to do as he wished he could – a wish that was now able to be granted thanks to him discovering the truth of his Magic – and take the world, if not through fear and making people know what happened if you went up against Harry James Potter? The only downside, if there was such a thing, was how he discovered that the magical world called him their hero. But, as Harry often thought, right up to September First, it was like a wise man had once said; Wait until they get a load of me! Oh boy, talk about dark origins, but now Harry knows what It is, what will he do with the power he's found inside of himself? Also, what sort of impact will he make on a world that expects him to cower, beg, whimper and, generally, be as weak as a worm when, thanks to Voldemort, ignorance and bias against his greater power, he is more like the sleeping dragon whom has now been tickled? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: Darkness might be Harry's ally, but it's safe to say even someone as determined as he is to make the world his realises he cannot do it alone; fortunately, there's a whole school full of narrow, weak-minded, weak-willed fools just begging to be ruled by the right lord…and he doesn't mean the old git in the gold toilet seat; Please Read and Review
Harry Potter: Brightburn Disclaimer/Plot/Author's Note: SEE FIRST CHAPTER Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my fans who love it when I go Dark Side: my recommended reads are The Rise of Thanatos by JasminSky, Harry Potter: Lord of Darkness by AngelSlayer135, The Rise of a Dark Lord by LittleMissXanda, The Downward Spiral Saga by BolshevikMuppet99, Harry Potter and The Prince of Power Book 1 Birth of a Snake by ACI100, Don't Anger Harry Potter by Loki Palmer, Path to Power by sirius009, Controlling Darkness by Generatedname, Brutal Harry by LordsFire, Harry Potter and the Prince of Slytherin by The Sinister Man, A Different Life by Tiro, When Daylight Dies by BloodyRose90, Dark Prince and The Allure of Darkness by LoveMyRomance and Darkly Dreaming Harry by Lineape Key Pairing: Evil Harmony Other Pairings: To be determined Normal Speech 'Thoughts' /Parseltongue/ Review Answers: Gracealma: That's an understatement, friend; PrinzessTinkerbell29: As if you can have a darker-Harry story without our favourite ferret; don't worry, I have a plan for him; WhiteElfElder: Before I read your review asking that, I wasn't so sure, especially since my opening AN does say this isn't a crossover with the movie, so I thought the answer might have been obvious: even so, there are some aspects of BB that seem to be possible, but not others, so…for now, I'm going down the road of the latter; Winged Seer Wolf: Get ready for darkness, my friend: glorious darkness…oh no, wait; that's glorious chaos! Ah well, same thing; "Harry you are loved; so loved: Harry, Mama loves you, Dada loves you; Harry, be safe, be strong…and never forget that you are loved." However, it would be her next words that would guide him, though maybe not down the road Mrs Potter would have intended; "You are so special, my sweet little boy and, one day, you will take this world and make it your own, in your own way, with all your power, brilliance and loving friends at your side and at your command." It was a strange goodnight message to give to a child, by anyone's standards, yet it would, one day, be Harry's guiding light for the path he took. Chapter 2: Voices When Harry heard the screech of the Dursleys' newest car fleeing King's Cross Station like demons fleeing a holy man, a part of him vowed that it would be the last time he either let them think they could just ignore him or, if the Fates were kind, he'd never have to see them again, so that was the last time they had anything to do with him. Maybe, when he was older, he'd go back to them and thank them for their loving hospitality, though that thanks would come in the form of him using all his power to end their miserable existence because, quite frankly, freaks like them had no place in his world. Maybe as pets. Or toys. Or slaves. But as equals, people who got the right to live and breathe the same air as their betters? Nope! There was, as the old saying went, not a snowball's chance in Hell of that happening. For now, though, Harry had a new problem facing him; 'How am I supposed to find Platform Nine-and-Three-Quarters? Damn ignorant giant!' Brightburn "It's the same every year, packed with Muggles, of course!" As unsubtle as it was, Harry couldn't help but thank whatever ignorant, morbidly-naïve ignoramus had sent such a loud voice to guide him to the right location; even as he followed the owner of the voice – a portly-looking matriarch of a lady, whom was leading a small brood of kids through the station, all of them with flaming red hair while, with the exception of the youngest and only girl, they all had trunks; one of them even had an owl – Harry hid a smirk as he wondered exactly how stupid a witch or wizard had to be in order to be so ignorant to the ways of their own world? Maybe taking the world would be easier than he thought if this was how stupid the people of said world were going to be. Brightburn Mind you, this wasn't to say they weren't already sloth-level stupid, as was made evident to Harry when he'd been forced to endure the consequences of Hagrid's stupidity in Diagon Alley, when every Tom, Dick and Barry had decided he was supposed to let them wander up to him, shake his hand forcefully-hard and tell him what an honour it was to see him again. He'd thought it then and, as he made to follow the redheads, he thought it again now. 'Insects!' Brightburn Keeping himself as casual-looking as you like, Harry followed the small crowd past several pillars standing between Platforms Nine and Ten before, to his amusement and curiosity, the loud-mouthed matriarch spoke to her brood. "All right, Percy; you first." From what Harry could see, Percy seemed to be the eldest of the redheads accompanying the woman and, judging by the way he practically had his nose pointing to the skies like a compass that always pointed north, it was also clear to Harry that Percy had quite a high opinion of himself. If he had to guess, Harry would put this overconfident fool in the same category as Petunia, who always had her nose in everyone else's business and, as was evident by Vernon's place as a CEO - and how quickly he seemed to get it too, which, apart from being able to walk and talk at the same time, was quite a big achievement for the inebriated gorilla with an incontinence problem – she liked to think she was part of the in-crowd. And the same was clearly said, if not suggested, by the way Percy carried himself. 'A magical Dursley, who knew finding one would be this easy?' thought Harry, smiling coldly as he wondered how he might make the best use of his magic to have some fun with the peacock-like insect who swaggered towards the pillar before him before, to Harry's slight amazement, he vanished through it as though he were made of nothing more than smoke and shadows. Once the arrogant moron was gone, Harry saw the redheaded woman turn to her brood once more before she insisted, "Fred, you next!" "He's not Fred, I am!" insisted the next-eldest of the redheads, though not before a second boy, whom Harry instantly suspected was his twin, judging by their perfectly-identical looks, shook his head with disapproval. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our Mother." "Oh, sorry, George!" retorted the woman, ushering the boy forwards while, when he reached her, Harry hid a smile when the boy perked up. "I'm only kidding; I am Fred." With that, Fred-slash-George-slash-Fred took off at a run, closely followed by his twin, George-slash-Fred-slash-George, as they both mirrored Percy's disappearing act, vanishing through the walled pillar as though they hadn't been there at all. This just left the woman, as well as the girl and a lone redheaded boy, who seemed to be the youngest male. When he looked to the last member of the group, however, Harry frowned suddenly when he felt an oddly-familiar rush of heat rise up inside him; a rush he usually associated with feeling It – aka, his magic – flaring up in response to something. And, even then, the surge usually came in response to a threat or challenge to Harry and his future. But this time, Harry was surprised to note how the rush didn't feel threatening, let alone protective. Instead, as he watched the youngest redheaded male approaching the walled pillar, Harry could have sworn he heard a voice whispering in his ear, like a little person on his shoulder, like his own personal Jiminy Cricket, whispering sweet nothings into his ear and his mind. 'This one…he feels good…well, good for us, Master…perhaps we should introduce ourselves.' "Excuse me?" Before he could stop himself, Harry saw the remaining redheads turn to him; when he did so, however, he thought he saw an oddly-familiar look of greed as well as something that could have been described as relief, if not victory, cross the redheaded woman's face as Harry nudged his trolley forwards before he spoke again. "Sorry, but can you tell me how…how to…" "What? How to get onto the platform?" asked the woman, letting out a laugh as Harry nodded, feigning a sheepish expression for appearances' sake, before he listened as the woman added, "Not to worry, dear; it's Ron's first time at Hogwarts as well." The redhead Harry had noticed before gave a curt nod and a friendly smile to the green-eyed youth, earning the same from Harry – though, again, for appearances' sake, he shakily smiled and even managed a blush – before he returned his attention to the woman as she told Harry, "Now, all you've got to do is walk straight at the wall between Platforms Nine and Ten. Best give it a bit of a run if you're nervous." "Good luck," added the girl, earning another weak smile from Harry as he stepped past her. As he did so, however, he had to fight the urge to react when the voice in his head, or in his ear, suddenly remarked, 'Ah, a worshipper…she likes you, Master…she feels like one who will do anything to be close to you…maybe we can use this.' Ignoring the voice for now, if only because he didn't quite understand what the heck was going on with it, or why he was suddenly hearing voices in his head, Harry took off at a run, heading straight for the wall. For a brief moment, he half-expected a loud crash and a few minor injuries to be waiting for him, but then, to his surprise, he felt a rush of cold air as the world went dark for a second. Seconds later, Harry stumbled out onto the other side of the darkness, revealing a heavily-crowded platform and a beautiful-looking scarlet steam engine, which stood stationary, waiting for the kids and teens on the platform to get onboard. Over his head, Harry saw a sign that told him all he needed to know, if not to confirm he had done it. PLATFORM 9 ¾ Hogwarts Express 'And Hagrid couldn't have told me that…why?' wondered Harry, even as he made his way towards the train. Though he didn't forget the feelings he got from the redheaded boy and the girl whom had to be his sister. Nor did he forget to get a chance to investigate the voice he was hearing, if he was even hearing it at all. Chapter 2 and the biggest screwjob in HP canon is now behind us, thank Merlin, but…hmm…this is interesting: what could Harry be feeling from our favourite redheads and will he allow the whispers in his ear to give him something he didn't ask for…yet? Also, what is the voice in his ear and why does it seem so confident and yet so eager to submit to Harry's whims and decisions? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: The journey to Hogwarts lays the foundations for our hero's future, but when the Sorting takes a turn for the interesting and fun, it leads Harry into a whole new realm of opportunities, all of which can be summed up in his three-word creed; Please Read and Review
Harry Potter: Brightburn Disclaimer/Plot/Author's Note: SEE FIRST CHAPTER Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my fans who love it when I go Dark Side: my recommended reads are The Rise of Thanatos by JasminSky, Harry Potter: Lord of Darkness by AngelSlayer135, The Rise of a Dark Lord by LittleMissXanda, The Downward Spiral Saga by BolshevikMuppet99, Harry Potter and The Prince of Power Book 1 Birth of a Snake by ACI100, Don't Anger Harry Potter by Loki Palmer, Path to Power by sirius009, Controlling Darkness by Generatedname, Brutal Harry by LordsFire, Harry Potter and the Prince of Slytherin by The Sinister Man, A Different Life by Tiro, When Daylight Dies by BloodyRose90, Dark Prince and The Allure of Darkness by LoveMyRomance and Darkly Dreaming Harry by Lineape Key Pairing: Eventual Evil Harry/Hermione Other Pairings: To be determined Normal Speech 'Thoughts' /Parseltongue/ Review Answers: JasminSky: I appreciate that more than you can imagine, my friend: I hope you like my twist on the idea; Winged Seer Wolf: Unfortunately, my friend, I do have my own idea about who is going where and it's safe to say chaos is in the cards; ALSO: This chapter is dedicated to JasminSky for giving me permission to use an inspirational trope rarely seen, but I have given it my own twist: for details on where the idea came from, see the AN at the bottom of this chapter… Over his head, Harry saw a sign that told him all he needed to know, if not to confirm he had done it. PLATFORM 9 ¾ Hogwarts Express 'And Hagrid couldn't have told me that…why?' wondered Harry, even as he made his way towards the train. Though he didn't forget the feelings he got from the redheaded boy and the girl whom had to be his sister. Nor did he forget to get a chance to investigate the voice he was hearing, if he was even hearing it at all. Chapter 3: Paint the World Red By the time the Hogwarts Express set off from King's Cross Station, Harry was comfortably set-up in a lone compartment, which he'd managed to secure with a little help from a sign on his door that encouraged visitors to knock first. He also pulled down the blinds so he was more or less locked in the darkness, ignoring the questioning glances and murmurs he supposed were coming from outside his compartment. He didn't need to care about the thoughts and/or opinions of anyone except Harry himself, even with the weird voice in his head that seemed to remind him of the unusual feelings he'd had on the other side of the barrier. Whatever. He didn't need friends! Brightburn A friend was just someone he hadn't shown his true self to and, even then, if they couldn't accept him or his path to the future, they went from being friends to something more along the lines of food. They went from pal to prey, so to speak. Harry already knew that the world was already chock-full of insects, thanks to the experiences in Diagon Alley, so why would he want to make friends with those whom he'd probably end up squishing under his boots one day? All he needed was himself. All that mattered was power! And, once he learned how to control it, to harness all the magic inside of him and make it obey his commands and his wishes instead of acting on whatever instinct led to so-called Accidental Magic, then he could truly begin to make his mark on this insect-infested world. And then, as was his destiny, he would be able to… Brightburn Knock-knock 'Who's there?' thought Harry smugly, even as he was broken from his train of thoughts by the sound of someone taking his advice and knocking instead of just barging in and trying to get involved in something they had no right to stick their noses in. When he saw that his visitor was the redheaded boy, Ron, whom his inner voice had reacted so strangely around, Harry didn't know whether to laugh or just find it strangely-convenient that his first visitor was one of the spirits of magic whom his true nature saw as someone who could be of use to Harry himself. Instead, he kept his face impassive as he asked, "Yes?" "Sorry," said Ron, his ears turning red as he saw Harry staring at him, the look in his emerald – though, to Ron, they were more like the colour of the Avada Kedavra Curse – green eyes almost hawk-like, if not something more like a ravenously-hungry lion staring at a bloody corpse, which made the redhead submit to the ferocity of the glare as he asked, "I…I didn't realise it was you; do…do you mind if I sit with you? I'd rather not go down that end where there's a lot of noise and ignorant prats." 'He wants to be yours, Master…' 'No shit, Voice,' thought Harry, smirking in amusement as, even with his limited knowledge and capabilities over his true strength, he could see how Ronald submitted to him, though in a way that was different from the boy who'd seemed so kind and welcoming on the other side of the platform. This warranted further exploration. Stepping aside, Harry nodded once as he told Ron, "Come on in." Offering Harry a thankful smile, Ron slipped inside and, with a little struggling work, he slipped his used, battered trunk into the slot next to Harry's, leaving plenty of space on the seats for the two boys to sit down. However, when Harry sat back in his own seat, Ron remained standing, even as he closed the door, returning the sign to the door in the process, before he turned to face Harry. Instead of meeting his gaze, however, Ron seemed to try to do everything he could not to meet Harry's eyes, almost as though there was a part of him that believed he was unworthy of doing so and so, rather than look Harry in the eye, Ron lowered his gaze to the ground, like a dog tucking its tail between its legs. 'He knows of your power, Master; he knows it and he wants to be useful to it, but he does not wish to assume anything…anything except the wish to obey, to belong, to submit and to be whatever his Master wishes him to be.' 'I hope you reveal yourself soon, Voice,' thought Harry, keeping his face straight even as he looked to Ron, 'Because, as much as I appreciate your words of advice, I can't help but feel like I'm talking to myself and I'm pretty weird enough, thank you very much.' Regardless of whatever the mysterious Voice was telling him, Harry decided to test its little explanation. Gesturing to the seat opposite him, he told Ron, "You can sit down." He didn't reassure the redhead that it would be okay for him to sit down, nor did he try to show any signs of friendship that might be misinterpreted by the redhead and lead him to believe that Harry was going to sit there and listen to a load of crap spew forth from Ron's mouth. In fact, you could even say all Harry did was give Ron an order before, to his amusement, the redhead obeyed, sitting in his seat while he still kept his eyes down as Harry cocked an eyebrow before, again, deciding to test the Voice's theory, he told Ron, "Look at me." Again, Ron obeyed, meeting Harry's gaze and never once looking away. He didn't even waver when Harry just stared, blinking a few times and letting silence fill their compartment before, at long last, Harry sighed, letting the sound escape his nostrils like the hiss of a train letting off steam as he asked, "You know, don't you?" "Know…know what?" "You know who I am." Ron opened his mouth to argue, but, as soon as he did so, Harry lifted a hand, cutting off the redhead as he told him, "Before you open your mouth and lie to me, you should know that I neither know nor care how you know me, because you helped me on the other side. Also, and, just so you know, if you tell anyone I revealed this to you, I will hunt you down and make you beg for mercy, which I won't give, but the point stands." His voice didn't even waver in its cold, deathly warning tone as Harry continued speaking to the submissive redhead before him, "However, you ought to know that I could tell when I opened the door and saw you that I wasn't the only one of us keeping our true selves hidden from the rest of these insects, so if how you know me is because of this real you, fine: just tell me the truth and, in return, I won't hurt you. I might even let you call yourself my friend, if you like, but only so long as you prove that the true you can prove himself of use to the true me, do you understand, Ron?" For a brief moment, silence filled their compartment again before Harry was actually, genuinely, surprised when Ron drew himself to his full height before, in a move that truly surprised the young wizard, Ron bowed to Harry, keeping his eyes low as he responded to Harry's question. "I understand, Master." "Master?" asked Harry, earning a nod from Ron while, as Harry watched, the redhead's submissive demeanour once again showed itself, but only in the way that meant Ron kept his eyes on Harry's, as he'd been ordered to do, while he swallowed hard as he waited for Harry's next words. 'Told you so.' 'Shut up, Voice,' thought Harry, licking his lips slowly before, deciding to just get it over with, he asked, "Why am I your Master, Ron?" "Ronald," argued Ron, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry before the redhead's ears went red as he told Harry, "My full name, Master: it's Ronald Bilius Weasley, sixth son of House Weasley, Son of Arthur and, if you would give me the honour, your humble servant, willing slave and whatever else you wish me to be." "Why?" asked Harry, earning a curious look from Ronald before Harry asked, "What I mean is: why am I your Master, Ron…Ronald? And, if you were going to find me and submit to me anyway, why did you act so pathetic and happy on the other side of the platform?" "Because she was there," said Ronald, though, when he did so, he hissed out the she part through clenched teeth while his eyes hardened in their sockets as he told Harry. "Molly Weasley, formerly Prewitt: she calls herself our Mother, but what she doesn't know is that the only one she has ever given birth to is my little sister, Ginevra, and my elder brother, and Prefect, Percival. As for my elder brothers, William, Charles, Frederick, George and I, we were all born through our Father's magic and our family's true talents." "What's that? Some sort of magical caesarean?" asked Harry, earning a shake of the head from Ronald. "No Master." "Then what?" "We weren't born, we were spawned," explained Ronald, earning a curious look from Harry while the redhead cleared his throat before, inclining his head, he asked, "May I have your permission to use my true power, Master?" "Why?" "What I have to share with you is not for them to hear," replied Ronald, earning another curious look from Harry before, deciding to see where this was going, the emerald-eyed scion gestured to the compartment around them. "Do it." Nodding once, offering Harry a thankful smile in the process, Ronald rose up before, to Harry's curiosity, the redhead retrieved the notice off the door and, holding it in his left hand, he lifted his right hand to his mouth. As Harry watched, his eyes widened when he saw Ronald bite down hard on his thumb, so hard, in fact, he shed blood, which he slowly began to trace over Harry's written words. With the last word re-spelled in Ronald's blood, the redhead whispered, "Sanguine Veritas." As Harry watched, a silvery glow enveloped the parchment, words and all, before Ronald returned it to the door; as soon as he did so, Harry saw a faint reddish-silver outline spider-web its way out of the parchment before it crossed the entire door, blinds and all. Looking back to Ronald, who seemed content to suck his thumb to stem the blood flow and stop any more blood being used, Harry frowned as he asked, "What in the name of Magic was that?" "Sanguimancy," replied Ronald, letting his thumb slide out of his mouth, revealing a now-clean thumb; there wasn't even a scar, let alone a trace of the blood that had been flowing just a few moments earlier. As Harry stared in bewilderment and a small amount of curiosity, Ronald cleared his throat as he explained, "Blood Magic: they would call it a Forbidden Magic and, were it one of them, they'd be right. However, my family has been spawning True-Born Blood Magi for nearly a thousand years, making us older than almost any family in the United Kingdom, with the exception of one House: House Peverell." "All right," said Harry, looking once to the door before he returned his attention to Ronald as he asked, "So, what does that have to do with you knowing who I am and whatever it was that made you…well, you, Ronald?" "Blood Magi are not born, Master," explained Ronald, earning another curious look from Harry before the redhead smiled as he went on, "As my big brother, William, told me when I asked him about it: we are spawned, hatched, you might say, like newborn dragons or other egg-born creatures, from a blended mixture of semen from a man, eggs from a woman and the blood of our Elders, brought together under the new moon, when its light is set to be reborn. From there, we're planted in the womb of a woman willing to house us for the nine months and then, when we emerge, it's in a red sac-like substance, which we take in as a first feeding, sort of like drinking breast milk." "Gross…and yet, so interesting," laughed Harry, earning a cold smile from Ronald before Harry asked, "So why doesn't Molly suspect?" "Father's had her Bloodbound to him for as long as they've been together," explained Ronald, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry, which prompted the redhead to fill in the blank. "It's a binding magical rite used by Blood Magi that basically makes Molly my Father's slave from the moment he binds her in marriage: all he has to do is activate the Trigger in her and she will do and become anything he says, wishes or needs her to become. So, for instance, if he leads her to believe she is pregnant then, until Father releases the Trigger, her body shows it. If he wishes her to believe she has a beautiful new baby boy in her brood, she will believe it, even with the Trigger released because, while none of her vile magic or DNA is actually a part of me or my siblings, she is Father's and, as his heirs, we are also his, just not in the same way she is." "And…Percival and Ginevra?" "Rewards," said Ronald, earning an ah from Harry as the redhead explained, "Not to mention decoys to keep people off of our scent: you see, Master, Percival has ambitions to be a part of that bleating sheep's flock, the Ministry of Magic. Ginevra, on the other hand, is a seventh child, the first girl and someone Molly deludes herself into thinking will be the future Mrs Harry Potter…but, of course, she won't become that." "I should hope not," agreed Harry, steepling his fingers together before he asked, "All right, so what's with calling me Master?" "Because it was asked of me by Father's will," said Ronald, earning a curious look from Harry that, again, prompted the redhead to explain, "Ten years ago, when the Dark Lord Voldemort was vanquished by your power, it sent a ripple effect throughout the Powers of Darkness. Every true Darksider, from Necromancers to Vampires and, yes, even us Blood Magi felt it and, while many chose to fear it, Father received an order from the Elder of our Clan that said these words exactly…" Drawing himself to his full height, Ronald put his hand over his heart as he recited the order; "From this day forth, let it be known that all True-Born Sons and Daughters of the Blood Knight Clan Weasley are to serve, protect, aid, guide and be of use to Harry James Potter, Last Scion of House Potter, Sole Heir of House Peverell and Master of All He Wishes! Any who defy this order shall have their blood fed to the guests at the next Crimson Ball and their flesh thrown to the Lycanthropes as a peace offering. All who obey this order shall reap their rewards and become as slaves to Him, even if it means we die for Him. From this day forth, He is our Lord, Master, Sovereign and, when he is ready to come to me, you shall bring Him and I shall hand my throne to Him. Let all who wear my Blood know my Will; let all who disobey this Blood Order start running now!" 'So, they already sensed your ascension, did they? Interesting, Master, very interesting…' Ignoring the Voice's taunts, Harry hummed thoughtfully as he asked, "So, even though you were obviously experienced in getting onto the Platform, you were on the other side because you wanted me to know you were there to aid me?" "Correct, Master." "And your Mother?" "Molly is under the Trigger," explained Ronald, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry while the redhead smiled wolfishly as he told Harry, "Ever since she realised what was coming and continued to corrupt Ginevra into her sick thoughts, Father had her under the Trigger and acting somewhat normal while fulfilling his wishes, such as making sure we identify our Master and let Him know we are here to do his will…and we are! Since I'm the one who'll be in your year, Master, my brothers agreed that I should find you first, but if you wish me to leave, I am gone and, by my blood, I vow I will never bother you again." "No," said Harry, shaking his head while he smiled wolfishly himself as he told Ronald, "You can stay, Ronald and, if I may be so bold, I find your little deception amusing." "Takes one to know one, Master," said Ronald, earning a scoff from Harry. "Yeah, it's just a shame I don't fully understand what my true nature is," argued the emerald-eyed scion, earning a raised eyebrow from Ronald as Harry went on. "But I'll find out soon: in the meantime, you can be a…a friend, as far as the rest of them are concerned. But once I know it all, I hope you'll honour your Blood Order and be of use to me." "I hope so too, Master," agreed Ronald, though not before he shrugged ruefully as he added, "And if not, I just hope I have your permission to die." Chapter 3 and, wow, talk about a VERY different first meeting, a VERY different Ronald and a whole new beginning to one of the best alliances in the series, but what else awaits our hero-not-a-heroes? Also, what in the name of Magic is that Voice and could it have anything to do with Ronald's order to serve Harry, no matter what that might mean? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: The journey continues and our heroes meet another familiar face, which helps set the scene for the future, especially since, like Ronald, this one is not all she appears to be either… Please Read and Review AN: Dark Weasleys So, I admit, the idea to have a much darker Weasley Family was inspired by my good friend JasminSky, who went down a similar road with their story The Rise of Thanatos and when I read it, inspiration struck me, so I asked them if I could use it too. Thankfully, they said yes and, if you go and check out the story, you'll see it is similar, but not too much; Anyway, a big thanks to my friend and I hope the rest of you liked this very rare twist to the norm
Harry Potter: Brightburn Disclaimer/Plot/Author's Note: SEE FIRST CHAPTER Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my fans who love it when I go Dark Side: my recommended reads are The Rise of Thanatos by JasminSky, Harry Potter: Lord of Darkness by AngelSlayer135, The Rise of a Dark Lord by LittleMissXanda, The Downward Spiral Saga by BolshevikMuppet99, Harry Potter and The Prince of Power Book 1 Birth of a Snake by ACI100, Don't Anger Harry Potter by Loki Palmer, Path to Power by sirius009, Controlling Darkness by Generatedname, Brutal Harry by LordsFire, Harry Potter and the Prince of Slytherin by The Sinister Man, A Different Life by Tiro, When Daylight Dies by BloodyRose90, Dark Prince and The Allure of Darkness by LoveMyRomance and Darkly Dreaming Harry by Lineape Key Pairing: Eventual Evil Harry/Hermione Other Pairings: To be determined Normal Speech 'Thoughts' /Parseltongue/ Review Answers: Winged Seer Wolf: Now, surely a Dark lover like yourself knows this, my friend: even the Darkest of Darkness can always get Darker; WhiteElfElder: I think it's safe to say they are not! "You can stay, Ronald and, if I may be so bold, I find your little deception amusing." "Takes one to know one, Master," said Ronald, earning a scoff from Harry. "Yeah, it's just a shame I don't fully understand what my true nature is," argued the emerald-eyed scion, earning a raised eyebrow from Ronald as Harry went on. "But I'll find out soon: in the meantime, you can be a…a friend, as far as the rest of them are concerned. But once I know it all, I hope you'll honour your Blood Order and be of use to me." "I hope so too, Master," agreed Ronald, though not before he shrugged ruefully as he added, "And if not, I just hope I have your permission to die." Chapter 4: The Not-So-Golden Trio After talking about Ronald's true identity and discussing a bit more about the way that the redheaded boy hoped to prove himself useful to his new Master – and, as far as anyone else was concerned, his friend – the two boys found their ride interrupted once again, this time by a loud, persistent knock at the door. As Harry opened the door to receive the visitor, his eyes narrowed when he saw a blonde-haired boy with grey eyes that made Harry think of the colour of steel, standing outside, an enraged look in his eyes as he asked, "Who do you think you are to deny me entry to my compartment?" "Someone you don't want as an enemy," drawled Harry coolly, keeping one hand on the door, if only to deny the blonde entry, as he asked, "What makes you think this compartment is yours, anyway?" "Because I say it is," answered the blonde, puffing up like a peacock as he added, "My Father is the head of the Board of Governors and, one word from me and you will be expelled." 'Great, a magical Dudley, that's all I need,' thought Harry, scoffing again before he smiled, at least on the inside, he did so, as he mused, 'Actually, maybe that's just what I need: someone I can use as my tackle dummy and a preferred target to use when I grow into my powers.' 'Now you're starting to think like a conqueror of worlds,' chuckled the Voice, earning a snort from Harry as, not for the first time, he ignored his unseen advocate in favour of dealing with the insolent upstart of an insect standing before him. "Well, in that case, you go right ahead and tell Daddy about me; it'll be interesting to meet a member of the Board." While the blonde fumed, Harry turned before he added, "But, until then, you can do us all a favour: don't go away angry, just…go away." "Wait until my Father hears about this, you…you…" snapped the blonde, earning an unseen smile from Harry as he stepped back into his compartment, more than aware of the look of mutual amusement and dark glee that crossed Ronald's face, even as the blonde sputtered, "Hey wait; you never gave me your name." "I know." With that, Harry closed the door before, sitting back in his seat, he asked, "Not like I care, Ronald, but do you have any earthy idea as to who that was I just had a bit of fun with?" "His name's Draco Malfoy, Master," replied Ronald, sniggering again when he heard the door rattling, suggesting the Malfoy brat hadn't gotten the hint, while Ronald went on. "His Father is Lord Lucius Malfoy, an insect and a pathetic excuse of a human if ever there was one. Of course, he doesn't know it, but he's also someone whom Father has often wanted to use as a serving at the Crimson Ball. I mean, he actually thinks he can take on Father by insulting his disguise of being someone who works with Muggle artefacts." "But who looks at the rabble for longer than they feel they have to?" asked Harry, earning a nod from Ronald while Harry chuckled, "Sneaky…I look forwards to meeting your Father, Ronald." "The feeling is more than mutual, Master," replied Ronald, though not before he rolled his eyes when the door to their compartment rattled again, earning a scoff from the redhead as he asked, "Honestly, how thick can you get?" "What is that enchantment?" asked Harry, leaning against the window of the compartment before he asked, "From what I can guess, you've taken my message to the rest of the idiots out there and literally made it so that they cannot disturb me unless they knock first: you said that was Blood Magic, but how, exactly, does it happen?" "Sanguine Veritas," answered Ronald, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry before the redhead added, "Loosely-translated, it means Truth of Blood: it's a mid-level Sanguimancy enchantment that, basically, takes the written word and makes it more-literal. So, for example, if your message to the weaklings out there said to go jump off a cliff, they'd feel inclined to do so. If the written word was something like burn or freeze or even open, the magic of my enchantment would make whatever it touched burn or freeze or open. But, yours just says that you're not to be disturbed and asks that all visitors knock first, so unless someone does knock, the enchantment will keep it locked and this compartment sealed for a good long while." "Until the parchment is removed?" "Precisely," said Ronald, earning a soft laugh from Harry. "And I suppose you didn't offer to take it down yet because you know I want to be left alone, undisturbed and only allow those I deem worthy to come in and join me?" "Of course, Master," said Ronald, earning another laugh from Harry. "And here you were thinking I was just going to kill you, Ronald: do you know something? I don't much care for friends, like everyone else will do, but something tells me I'm going to be very happy I have one in you…and, hey, if we're going to act like friends, less of the Master stuff in public. Just call me Harry, all right? And then, when it's just us and we're around those who will serve my needs and obey my wishes, you can go back to calling me Master." "All right," agreed Ronald, nodding once as he added, "Thanks Harry; I hope I can live up to your expectations of a friend." "Well, look at it this way, mate," argued Harry, stretching up tall before he sighed audibly, heaving a sigh of relief as he also noticed Malfoy seemed to have finally gotten the message and left them alone, even as Harry addressed Ronald again. "If you don't, I'll just go ahead and kill you…or, who knows? Maybe I'll come up with something that is a fate worse than death." Brightburn The next time the boys found their journey interrupted, it was by a kindly-looking lady whom was pushing a trolley full of treats, many of which Harry bought and stored away while he also bought a second large amount, which he graciously shared with Ronald. When their bellies were full and warm, Harry stretched out on the seat, resting his hands behind his head while he looked up at the ceiling, giving the impression that he was off in his own world. Ronald, meanwhile, took the liberty of cleaning up the remains from their feast, though he did so quickly and quietly, so as not to disturb his new master and friend. After a few minutes, however, a knock to the door made Harry look down with a slight frown of displeasure while Ronald straightened up, even as Harry muttered, "I can't be bothered dealing with another nuisance, Ronald; get that, will you?" Opening the door, Ronald saw a brown-haired witch with a shy, if red-faced look that even Harry noticed; as he took in her appearance, however, Harry also felt an unusual warmth rush through him, accompanied, as seemed to be the case lately, by the whispering Voice in his ear. 'This one…she smells good…rich…strong…claim her, Master!' 'Damn Voice,' thought Harry, a part of him suspecting that he wouldn't get any peace until the Voice's request was granted; lifting a hand to the door, Harry beckoned once as he asked, "Won't you come in, Miss? It's all right; we've got room. Ronald, shift some of that rubbish next to you." As Ronald obeyed, Harry saw the girl blush before, in a soft, oddly-cold tone of voice, she remarked, "Thank you…um…you don't have to answer if you don't want to, but this boy…Ronald…is he your servant?" "His friend," said Ronald, though when he looked to Harry, he saw the emerald-eyed boy nod once, as though giving Ronald permission before, closing the door to their compartment again, Ronald added, "But also…yeah." "Wow," whispered the brunette, sitting on the seat next to Ronald before she laughed as she asked, "So we're only first-years and you already have a servant to obey your every command, do you? That's so amazing: oh, sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. My name's Jane Doe." "No it's not." While Ronald looked perplexed, the brunette stared in disbelief and a small hint of amusement as Harry smiled slyly, closing his eyes as though he was easing into a state of relaxation, as he explained, "To even know that pseudonym, you have to either be a Muggle-born or a Half-Blood that was raised around freaks and degenerates, just like me, but nice try on the subtlety trick: as you can see from Ronald's look, those not raised around the insects of this world wouldn't know what that name really means, but, again, nice try Miss Doe…or is it Smith? Maybe Jones?" "Actually, I don't know who I am if you must know," argued the brunette hotly, earning another sly smile from Harry, which made Ron laugh as he realised what his lord had done, even as the new girl went on. "The freaks I was raised around, as you put it, gave me a stupidly-embarrassing name of Hermione and, for a long time, I thought that was my name: Hermione Granger. But then…" "They came out of the proverbial closet and told you that you weren't even their child," mused Harry, earning a surprised look from the girl known as Hermione, even as Harry went on. "You said you were raised by them and you thought that was your name. you also agree with my idea that the Muggle filth that keeps the real power from this world are nothing more than a bunch of freaks…oh, and then there's your funny attempt to hide your true identity with the pseudonym, so you were either adopted or, like the last nuisance to come to this compartment, your goal was to try and make me want to be one of your flock, which only makes you someone I rather want to hurt." While Hermione looked surprised, Harry opened one eye, so that he was looking at the girl, as he added, "But, luckily for you, I'm interested to see who you really are, Hermione, so, for now, if you don't mind, I'll call you that. And don't be too embarrassed; it's a good name…Shakespeare, yes?" "It was either that or Ophelia," drawled Hermione, earning a scoff from Harry before Hermione blushed as she asked, "You…you weren't taking the mick with me earlier, were you? You…you wanted to see what my real explanation was for hiding my name, right?" "Mm-hm," muttered Harry, closing his eye again before he added, "And, although it's not your name, since you gave it, I'll return the favour: my name is Harry James Potter. I imagine you've heard of me?" "I…I have," whispered Hermione, looking from Harry, who, for all intents and purposes, might as well have been sleeping, to Ronald, who was smiling like the cat that ate the canary, as she asked, "Wow: you…you're a servant to Harry Potter? I never would have thought he would even have servants because…well, you know they all think he's a hero?" "Why do you think I insisted on a knock-first, answer if I feel like it, door policy?" asked Harry, earning soft laughs from his two companions before Harry let out a soft sigh as he added, "I'll tell you what, Hermione: I assume you want to know who you really are?" "Very much so." "And," added Harry, opening his eyes again, though, this time, he glanced to Ronald as he asked him, "Am I right to guess you don't know any sort of spell or rite using your true power that can help her, Ronald?" "Unfortunately, I'm still just a Level One Mage, Master," said Ronald, earning a surprised look from Hermione while Harry smiled, guessing Ronald used the M-word because it was clear to him that Harry trusted Hermione to know of the true relationship between them, and she already knew he was Harry's servant anyway. "The most-advanced spell I've learned right now is the truth spell, but that was only because it was a gift from William when I got my Hogwarts letter. But there are rites that can be used, though they can only be taught to a Level Three Mage at least, because their invoking requires specific instructions, intense preparations and Miss…I mean, I would also need Hermione's consent because it wouldn't just be my power I'd be drawing out." "And, in order to use that power, you need something so sacred and precious, it should not be given willy-nilly, not even for something as important as this, because there's no telling what could be done with it," drawled Harry, earning a nod from Ronald while Harry sighed softly as he looked from his obedient servant to his new companion. "In that case, I'd like to make a deal with you, Hermione: if you join us, Ronald and I, I promise, on the graves of my parents and on my word of honour, I swear that I will do all I can to help find a less-costly, but just as effective way to discover your true identity…and once you have that true identity, what you do with your future, and what you've learned of Ronald and I, is up to you…deal?" Suffice to say, Hermione was stunned by Harry's remarks. Though that didn't stop her from agreeing, thereby setting the groundwork for one of the most-dangerous factions in Hogwarts history. A faction with a fearsome threesome that, in another time and place, would have been one of magic's greatest triad of heroes. Fate's a funny thing, isn't it? Brightburn "First years, this way, please! Come on now, first-years! Don't be shy!" "Not this oaf again," drawled Harry, even as he accompanied Ronald and Hermione off the train when it reached their destination; however, to Harry's annoyance, the reappearance of the tactless, brainless, common-sense-devoid moron, Hagrid, wasn't the only thing that got his goat. There was also the fact that they weren't even at Hogwarts, but, instead, their train had stopped in some nowhere village called Hogsmeade, leaving the students standing in the autumnal chill that blew around them as they heard the voice of the giant unhelpful groundskeeper call out for the first-years. Ignoring the idiot's attempts to, undoubtedly, seek out his face among the crowd, Harry stayed with his true allies, keeping his head lowered as he followed the crowd behind Hagrid, each one of them making their way away from the village and along a muddy, narrow path that was, apparently, the way to Hogwarts. 'And they couldn't have built the station or extended the track all the way up to the school…why?' wondered Harry. 'Because they're a bunch of narrow-minded weaklings who have no concept of true power, Master, not like you,' argued the Voice, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry, his curiosity only increasing when he found himself agreeing with the Voice's remarks. Of course, this didn't stop him from remembering how he hoped and prayed to find a solution to the Voice's identity and soon. At the other end of the path, Hagrid's guidance led the first-years to the edge of a lake that had a small fleet of boats moored on the edge; at the giant's instruction of no more than four to a boat – an instruction Harry found bleeding obvious, seeing as how the boats were no bigger than toy dinghies at best – Harry, Ronald and Hermione clambered into a boat, though when a few students made to join them, Harry made a point of claiming the boat for just the three of them as he stretched out, just as he had done on the train. A few of the first-years grumbled at the unfairness while, at one point, a particularly-timid boy actually apologised and said he'd find another boat, leaving the trio alone in theirs. Once the boats set off, however, Harry sat up again before, rubbing his arms through the sleeves of his robes to keep warm, he looked up ahead, letting his gaze take in the first impression of Hogwarts. To be perfectly honest, the only thing Harry could say was, "That's Hogwarts?" "Yep," said Ronald, looking to the castle that was perched atop a cliff, filled with turrets, towers and windows that shimmered with light that burned from within. "I already knew what to expect thanks to my brothers and, like you, Harry, I have to agree: it's not much to look at, is it?" "Not unless you go for that dark, gothic, Dracula's lair look," muttered Harry, pointing a finger upwards as he added, "I mean, look; there are even swarms of bats and flocks of owls flying about up there. What's next? Lightning strikes and an eerie, supernatural fog as we get closer? Wolves howling off in the distance?" As if on cue, a low, distant howl suddenly rose from the distance, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry before Ronald smiled and, beckoning his master and friend closer, he muttered, "That's the Forbidden Forest: it's said to be the darkest part of Hogwarts and home to Merlin knows what, but there have often been rumours of werewolves. If it's true, I'd say they've just discovered their Master has come home." "How do you mean?" asked Hermione, but Ron put a finger to his lips. "Sorry Hermione, but there are too many ears to tell you that secret; once we're free and clear, if he says it's okay, I'll tell you everything." Brightburn Suffice to say, Hermione was once again surprised by the way the bond of servitude only seemed to get stronger the longer Harry and Ronald were together, not that the redhead complained. Instead, though she didn't understand what was going on between them, there was one thing Hermione had realised by now. Ronald didn't just serve Harry for any random reason. He did so because he wanted to be Harry's slave and, from the content look on his face, it seemed Harry was just as willing to let Ron serve him. This was definitely not the Harry Hermione remembered reading about. She didn't know why she thought it, but she couldn't help but admit it, even if it was only to herself; 'This Harry's something more…' Brightburn After a long-winded speech from someone identified as Professor McGonagall, a bit of awkwardness as the first-years had been left alone and a moment of impatience on Harry's part, judging by how he continuously checked a non-existent watch, the first-years were finally led into a lavishly decorated banquet hall that was appropriately-named the Great Hall. However, as if things weren't being drawn out long enough already, Harry was annoyed to discover that the rest of the school were already seated and now, as the first-years walked among them, they eyed them up like sheep and cows at a cattle market or horses on dressage. They were also brought to the very front of the hall where Harry got his first look at the supposed great wizard, Albus Dumbledore. Not that such first look did anything to impress him in the slightest. 'Who does he think he is? Merlin? And what's with the gold throne? Is he overcompensating for something by making himself the centre of attention? And, Merlin's beard, what's with that twinkle in his eye? Looking at kids in such a way…mental note; don't let yourself be left alone with this disgusting old fool!' For the first time ever, the Voice just seemed content to chuckle in agreement, rather than make an audible remark – well, audible to Harry – even as Professor McGonagall revealed an old hat that looked as though it had seen better days. Then, the circus continued when the hat sang a funny little song about houses and traits, though Harry barely managed to block it out, though his stomach was one more nauseating move away from projectile vomiting, as the Sorting finally began. With a student with the letter A in her name being called up. 'You must be kidding me!' 'Patience Master.' 'Give me one good reason that I should!' 'Because,' replied the Voice, even as the B students got called up and sorted into their Houses. However, the Voice's next words not only gave Harry the strength of will to wait as long as this was going to take. It also filled him with excitement for what would happen with the Voice's answer; 'When this night is over, you will know everything about who I am and, with it, you will know everything about who and what you are!' For those answers, Harry would have waited in line with the rest of the freaking world! Brightburn "Granger, Hermione!" Even Harry felt Hermione flinch at her not-her-name as she was called up to the Sorting Hat. However, when the hat flinched in turn, Harry smiled coldly before, to his amusement, the hat made its decision. "GRYFFINDOR!" 'Interesting…' Brightburn A few names later, though they felt more like hundreds of names later, including when Draco Malfoy was sent to Slytherin – how? – Harry's name was called out and, as he'd half-expected, with the revelation of his name, whispers rose up. Dumbledore also leaned forwards, that damn twinkle returning in force as Harry sat beneath the hat, though as soon as he did so, Harry's eyes widened when he felt a great, all-encompassing swarm of cold magical energy wash over him. With it, the candles in the Great Hall suddenly turned blue in their places while, to Harry's amusement, he actually thought he heard someone sobbing, though when he looked afterwards, he saw nobody with signs of having shed any tears. This told him everything he wanted to know. The hat had been the one weeping, though the pleading notes in its voice also told Harry this as it whispered to no-one in particular, though its words were only heard by Harry himself as he remained seated beneath the Sorting Hat, waiting for the old rag to make up its mind. "No…please…don't make me…please let me…let me send him…" The cold magic struck again, surprising Harry as he felt it, though, when the magic touched him, his body actually grew warm while, at the same time, he felt something that could have been described as a parent's comfort, which embraced him, as though it was his own Mother wrapping a thick, cosy blanket around him to stave off the winter chill. And, as the warmth from his blanket filled him, Harry heard the hat whimper and sob again before its voice rang through the Great Hall; "GRYFFINDOR!" Even with the curiosities of what had happened in the so-called Boy-Who-Lived's sorting, the cheers were as wild as though England had won the World Cup all over again. And yet, Harry couldn't help but feel confused, if not curious about what he had felt. Brightburn "Weasley, Ronald." 'Come on,' thought Harry, having sat with Hermione at the Gryffindor Table, though not before he'd noticed three older redheads, two of whom he knew were twins from Ronald's explanations earlier, but the fact was that all three were Weasleys. All right, so only Frederick and George were like Ronald while Percival was nothing more than a disposable pawn, like an ant whose only purpose was to be crushed beneath the Lord's boot, but the fact that all three members of said family were in the same House despite those differences told Harry everything he wanted to know and more. Weirdly, as Ronald's Sorting began, Harry also thought he heard a familiar sobbing whimper before the Sorting Hat made its choice; "GRYFFINDOR!" 'And now,' thought Harry, beckoning Ronald over to him as the boy took his place of pride on one side of his Lord and Master, with Hermione sitting on Harry's other side. 'It begins.' Brightburn The feast was…acceptable. The Hogwarts song was…humiliating! The titbit about a forbidden corridor was…interesting…and a little enticing to the point where Harry decided he'd go ahead and break that rule, the first chance he got. But being led around, again, like sheep following a shepherd, and to have said shepherd as the blissfully-ignorant Weasley prat, Percival, who made a point of reminding them of his Prefect status every chance he got, and then to act like he was Arthur leading the Knights of the Round Table or addressing his subjects when they reached Gryffindor Tower… It was enough to make Harry want to execute Weasley there and then. The only thing that stayed his hand, for now, was the point that he had no idea how he was going to accomplish said feat; while everyone else went off to bed, Harry left the first-year crowd to sit alone in front of the Gryffindor fireplace before, after only a moment, he made a choice. With everyone in bed, the Common Room was calm, quiet and peaceful. In other words, it was the perfect bedroom. Laying himself across the sofa, kicking off his shoes in the process, Harry drew in a breath before he slowly closed his eyes, ignoring the looks from the portraits and the others who saw him act in such a cavalier manner. There was only one thing he was thinking about at that moment; 'All right, Voice…time you and I had a little chat.' Brightburn "Dream" Start Darkness. That was the first, if not, the only thing Harry was aware of when he sensed/suspected he had been drawn into his inevitable encounter with the unseen advocate whom lived inside of his mind, spirit and/or his magic. The darkness seemed to surround Harry on all sides as he felt a cold sensation brush against his mind…or maybe it was his heart…or possibly even the part of him that was his soul, maybe even his magic? Wherever it was, the sensation was potent enough to draw Harry out of the unconscious state he was in. When it did so, however, the new Gryffindor was a little surprised to discover the world around him had changed. Gone were the scarlet-red and gold colours of the Common Room in Gryffindor Tower; in their place was a seemingly never-ending realm of darkness that seemed to shift, contort and twist around itself like a nest of vipers. And yet, Harry could see this world all around him, but he didn't know where he was or how he'd managed to get here in the first place. 'So this is where you're hiding, is it?' thought Harry, turning on the spot as he tried to find a way out of this crazy place, 'All right, if this is to be a labyrinth, does that make me Theseus and you the Minotaur? What? If I fail, do you swallow my soul or something nuts like that? Come on…give me a sign…' "Harry." Suddenly, Harry spun around again, though this time, when he did so, his eyes widened when he saw an unusual, shadowy figure standing not a few inches from him, their body was bathed in darkness and yet, as Harry looked at them, he was dimly-aware of a faint, reddish-golden glow that seemed to rise up around the shadow. As he stared at the strange apparition, Harry scoffed before he asked, "It's you, isn't it?" "It is." "All right," agreed Harry, drawing himself to his full height before he spread his arms as he drawled, "I guess you've caught me: congratulations, but if you're expecting me to beg for mercy, you're in for a disappointment." He closed his eyes, blocking out the shadow, even as he added, "Go ahead…I'm ready…" For a long moment, however, nothing happened, surprising Harry as he opened his eyes before, to his amusement and his curiosity, he saw his shadow shake his head before he addressed the young scion before him. "I don't want to harm you, Master; I never have and I never will…no, what I want is this: I want you to be what you were meant to be…a great sorcerer…but for that, you must have POWER!" "Power?" asked Harry, a part of him surprised by what he was hearing, even as he addressed the shadow. "But how do I get that?" "You don't have to get it, Harry; you already own the power you desire; you just have to want to use it!" argued the shadow before Harry's eyes widened again when he saw the shadow's body change, but it still stayed dark, even though its shape was almost-similar to how Harry looked in his robes. A wand even appeared in the shadow's hand, but it wasn't a wand like Harry's: it was long and oddly-ridged, like there were a series of berry-like shapes along the shaft. At the same time, the shadow's voice seemed to fill Harry's mind with darkness and bewilderment, both of which came with a sense of calm and wonder as Harry listened to the shadow's voice. "To unlock its secrets, all you need to do is let go of fear, doubt and denial, and accept the truly-magnificent warlock you have it within you to be. After all, you've been touched by Magic in ways that mere mortals can only dream of matching, accomplishing feats that would make lesser men weep in fear, but not you, Harry…no, you rise, like a phoenix from the ashes, and you seize control of that power!" "And what makes you such an expert?" "Why wouldn't I be?" asked the shadow before Harry's eyes widened when, to his disbelief, the aura that enveloped the shadow suddenly grew brighter, revealing the shadow. More-importantly, it revealed more than just blackness and shadows making up the speaker's figure. Instead, the aura revealed a trim, athletic body dressed in plain black robes with no crest, but there was a pure-gold triangle stitched into the spot where a crest might go. Over the triangle, there was a small circle and a thin, vertical line, which formed a triad of shapes that, when brought together, made a form that made Harry shiver. Something about the mark reeked of…of…of power! However, Harry was more-alarmed at the face worn by the stranger addressing him. A young man with wild, raven-black hair and green eyes that shone with raw power, which looked familiar and for one good reason. "You…you're…you're me?" "Yes, Harry," answered the shadow, an amused smile crossing his face as he shrugged ruefully before he added, "I am the you that you could be if you give yourself the chance. For a while, I have been here, working my will through feats of Accidental Magic, but, all the while, I have been allowing myself to break free so that, with my freedom, you may have the power you deserve." "How?" asked Harry, taking a defensive step back as he asked, "By…by letting you control me? Possess me?" "I neither seek to possess you nor control you, my friend," argued the shadow, shaking his head as he told Harry, "I wish you to be all that you can be and more. With what I have to give you, now you are finally ready to seize control of it, this world can…this world will be yours!" Harry couldn't help but snigger as he looked up at his shadowy counterpart, a look of amusement filling his green eyes as he asked, "Say you're right, being me and all, what exactly are you? I mean, is this just some weird dream thing happening in my head or is it real and you're actually some incarnation of my true self that's finally able to speak to me?" "Of course, it's all happening in your head, Harry," chuckled the Shadow, earning a slow nod from Harry before the Shadow smiled slyly as he winked at Harry. "But why shouldn't that mean it isn't real?" As the Shadow gave the truth, as frankly as it sounded, Harry felt his hands clench into fists while he listened as the Shadow went on. "What is real about you and I is that we are not like everyone else, Harry; we're better and they know it. That's why they try and knock us down several pegs, make us feel meek, insecure and pathetic when, in actuality, we have it within us to be more than just a mere magician; we have it…no…that's wrong…" As he seemed content to change his words, the Shadow pointed a single, pale finger at Harry as he explained, "Not we…you have it within you to be a truly-powerful sorcerer. One with power, the likes of which, makes everyone else look like children! But they don't like that, they don't want that, so what do they do? They lie, they abandon, they choose to leave you in the lurch and ignore you unless it suits them." As Harry felt his anger spiking, the Shadow heaved a sigh before, reaching out, he cupped Harry's chin in his left hand as he told him, "I'm not doing this to hurt or sway you, Harry; what you do with your power is your choice. It always has been." "But weren't you working your will through me?" asked Harry, remembering the incidents with the water, the animals and even how he was able to recall everything he'd ever said or done without much effort. He also remembered what Ronald had said about him being the source of some Dark Call that every Darksider had heard, felt and sensed. As though sensing Harry's train of thought, the Shadow smiled as he told Harry, "It is true that my will was what guided your power before, but that was only while your mind, body and your magic were developing. Now, with the awakening of the truth about who you really are and what you can become, I am willing to…I am going to surrender all your powers back unto you." Harry's eyes widened as he heard this before the Shadow smiled as he told Harry, "And, with it, Harry, my friend, my Lord, my Master…my everything! With your powers truly yours to command, you can begin down the road towards your true destiny: one where you do the very thing you have wanted to do since the first day you remembered it…" Here, the Shadow reached out with both hands before he clasped Harry's in his as he added, "With your powers, you can truly take the world…" As soon as Harry heard this, his eyes widened before, unseen by the young wizard, his green eyes flashed red as he asked, "Take the world?" "Take the World…" "I can do it…" whispered Harry, the redness in his eyes becoming more-potent as he nodded, "Yes…you're right…I can take the world…" "Not can, Master." "No," agreed Harry, looking up to his Other Self before he nodded in agreement, "Not can…I will, but I still don't understand: why would you do this for me? If you've been in charge of my power all this time, what do you want in return for that control now? My soul?" "No." "My body?" "Nope! I told you; I don't want anything from you, except to give you the means to be what you were meant to be…a great, powerful and, in all honesty, truly-unstoppable force that can and will make the world whatever you want it to be." "And why are you doing this?" "Because I want you to be free, Harry, in mind, body, soul and power. Let yourself do so and you will have the power you so rightly-deserve: nobody can stop you. Nobody can challenge you. Nobody and nothing will be your superior." "Not even you?" "Especially not me, my Master…" The red flash returned to Harry's eyes even as he heard that. He knew what he wanted to do. He knew who he was. He knew what he was to become. "Go, Harry…and show them exactly what they're dealing with! Now, go…and take the world…" "Take…the…World…" whispered Harry, the words more-common and whole in him than they'd ever been before. "Take the world." "Take the World…" whispered Harry before, as though cementing his claim to that destiny, he nodded once, knowing now who was truly in charge of this power, this destiny and this body. And that was Harry James Potter himself. With a loud roar, like the sleeping dragon that had been tickled and, subsequently, awoken, Harry let his power fly out of him in a wave of reddish-gold, green, black and other colours of energy, all of which resulted in a mass explosion of shadow, magic and fury that left nothing in its wake. Nothing, except the one with the power to make this world whatever he wanted it to be. Harry James Potter. Chapter 4 and, wow, talk about letting it all go, but now the Shadow/Voice has submitted all its power to Harry, what will Magic's own Brightburn do to ensure he does take this world and make it whatever he wishes? Also, what could the truth be about our favourite brunette and her different origin story? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: Harry discovers something pretty funny waiting for him when he awakens, but now, with his true strength unleashed, all he really cares for is power and how he can keep as much of it as he wishes and then some; Please Read and Review
