Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or The Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them, this piece of fiction has been written for non-commercial use only. A/N: I was missing a well-thought-out Tomarry time-travel fic, so I gave it a try myself. The story has been written, has about 67k words and will be published over the course of three months, two chapters (~2.5k each) per week. If you're the impatient type, betas (especially British betas) are very welcome. ;) Underage warning because Tom is sixteen when the story starts. I tried to stay as true to canon as possible, but I made this one minor change to better accomodate the story: In my version, Myrtle Warren died in June 1944, not 1943 – Tom was in his sixth year, Hagrid in his fourth year. Harry stood face to face with Remus Lupin, Nyphadora Tonks, Fred Weasley, Lavender Brown, Colin Creevey and more than forty other brave witches and wizards, some of whom he knew by name, some of whom he remembered seeing in the corridors, some of whom he didn't recognize at all. But unlike Harry's rapidly blinking eyes, theirs were unblinking... Unblinking, unmoving, dead. It was the day of Hogwarts Reopening Ceremony and the memorial had just been revealed. It was a magnificent sculpture set in the centre of the Entrance Courtyard. Fifty brass figures stood side by side, wands pointed towards the gate in a protective manner. At their feet lied a large golden plaque with their names, superscripted with the date of the battle and a large Latin Custodes de Hogwarts, "Guardians of Hogwarts". Snape was there, too. He wasn't included in the original design, but the sculptor owled the concept to Harry, asking for his opinion, and Harry insisted that Severus Snape belonged there with the rest of the war heroes... In fact, an awful lot of people asked for Harry's opinions nowadays, most of which he was not as eager to give. The first few weeks after the battle flew by in a blur of funerals and Death Eater trials. Haunted by grief by day and nightmares by night, Harry was grateful to drown himself in work when the reconstruction finally started. His already broken heart throbbed when he saw the ruin of what used to be his first real home... But all was not lost – crowdfunding, namely the very generous donations from Malfoy, Black and Potter vaults (the latter only accepted thanks to Harry's stubbornness), secured enough manpower from Britain and abroad both to make the castle pristine by the end of summer. Harry had spent most of the time working with Hermione and Professor Flitwick to restore the permanent charms in the Great Hall; make candles float again, repair the holes in the ceiling enchantment, reconnect the magical channels that made food from the kitchens appear on the tables, that sort of thing. It wasn't overly complicated, but it required concentration, and that was just what Harry needed to take his mind off the bad stuff. He was fairly certain Headmistress McGonagall had assigned the task to him and Hermione for that reason and appreciated her thoughtfulness a lot. Several fireplaces had been temporarily connected to the Floo Network for the helpers to go home each night, but there was an offer of accommodation in the Slytherin dormitories as the dungeons were the least damaged part of the castle. Harry took it – he was past petty house rivalry and he had nowhere he'd rather stay anyway: The Burrow was gloomy, Fred's absence still almost palpable, and his shoddy attempt at a relationship with Ginny… That was a sad story of its own. Grimmauld Place was no better, and he wasn't of the mind to be looking for a new home just yet. He was rarely alone at Hogwarts, the trip from the dungeons to the Great Hall was short enough not to bring out too many of his bad memories and seeing freshly repaired spots almost every time he'd made it was uplifting. Still, he couldn't keep himself distracted constantly. Oftentimes, a small event during the day, a mention, a situation, a sight would be the trigger and he would find himself spiralling, staring into the greenish shimmer of the Black Lake late into the night, suffocating on grief, anger, guilt or anxiety. He faced his demons valiantly, silently, because he was alive and that was more than he'd expected for months. It would feel ungrateful to complain… He clenched his teeth and waited for the restless sleep to claim him, so he could get back to work again tomorrow. Today, though, Harry woke up in a strange room... Or rather, a very ordinary room, as far as wizarding residences went (reminded him of Ron's), but he didn't recognize it. Curious and curiously not completely freaked out, he left the room and took the stairs behind it to find himself in a cosy kitchen... Not that he'd noticed anything about it, because in its right corner stood a redhaired woman, waving a wand to manage the ingredients levitating around the stove. She glanced around her shoulder, smiling. "Good morning, birthday boy! Slept well?" His eyes widened in wonder, he wanted to say something, but he choked on his words and the scenery suddenly twisted. His mum was there again, and his dad, Sirius, Remus, as well as all of his friends, lifting their glasses for a toast. Another cut, he was with Ron, George and Fred, oh Merlin, they were about to prank the hell out of Malfoy and his cronies… Harry woke up with a jolt, back in his bed in the dungeons, and tears filled his eyes from the sheer force of how much he wanted, needed to go back. Back to his parents, back to Remus and Sirius, back to the world where Voldemort never existed. Although his internal voice begged and pleaded, no such luck. Sleep wouldn't come to him again; it was almost time to get up anyway. So he did, and now he was here, facing the life-sized likeness of his lost friends and losing the already fragile grip on his emotions all over again – this was going to be a long day. Hermione beside him squeezed his hand, she felt like a lifeline and he was just glad he refused the request to give a speech, because he knew he would be giving it in a broken, shaky voice and today was supposed to be about closure, hope and new beginnings. A banquet in the Great Hall followed, but Harry didn't have much of an appetite. Besides, he'd made a little plan of his own for today and he wanted to get on with it – he usually tried not to stray from his route lest he saw more battle scars, brought out more nightmares... Today, however, the castle was proclaimed fully restored, and he wanted to bask in the normalcy to help himself to a closure of his own. Harry threw the Cloak of Invisibility over himself to make sure no one, not even the portraits, would interrupt his pilgrimage, and set off. He roamed around the ground floor, the courtyards, the Transfiguration classroom, he even made the trip to the Quidditch Pitch. Then the first floor, Defence and History classrooms, the Hospital wing... It was surreal how normal everything looked. He was taking it all in, trying to imprint the image into his mind, overwrite every bad memory, start a new chapter. Finally, he found himself on the seventh floor, staring at the wall opposite to the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy. This was the venue of many of his nightmares, and today, he would face it. As per Hermione's observations, the Room of Requirement had not been destroyed; it contained the Fiendfyre (as needed), forever lost were only the objects in the Room of Hidden Things... and Vincent Crabbe, of course. Harry wondered if he would feel like he was standing on the remains of a person, even if he summoned a different room. Though apprehensive, he wanted to give it a try... What did he need at the moment? His mind kept drifting to that morning, the dream he had – a world without Voldemort. Lamentably, that was beyond the Room's power, so he'd settled for a comfy, quiet room instead. Without Voldemort, with a cup of strong tea – damn, he definitely needed that. Sure enough, after the third time he'd walked past, a door appeared. Harry took a deep breath, grabbed the handle and pushed. The room he found inside was just as he'd imagined – with cosy red armchairs, a conference table and an unlit fireplace, it was a miniature of the Gryffindor common room. On the conference table sat the desired cup of hot liquid. Harry slumped into the chair, took a sip and tried to sort his feelings. He felt surprisingly good; soothed, peaceful, like there really were going to be brighter tomorrows and everything was going to be okay – was that the Room's doing, too? Tired from the emotional strain and the lack of sleep, he must have dozed off, because when he came to, the sun was looming just above the horizon. Harry got up, stretched, wrapped himself in the Cloak and slipped out of the Room, feeling like his mission had been a success. The trip down would be the start of a new chapter in his life, he told himself, a fitting start to the upcoming year of his return to Hogwarts to complete his education. It felt so. Well, it felt a bit off, but it would for a while, right? Too casual. He reached the Great Hall and peeked inside. He was a bit surprised to find it empty and cleaned up, but then again, a few hours must have passed since he'd left the banquet. He absently cast a Tempus charm. Sparkles shot from his wand, forming an 18:46 in the air. Wow, he'd better find Ron and Hermione, they'd probably been probably worried since he snuck out on them like that. He was about to cast a Patronus to find them when something in the corner of his eye caught his attention and he did a double take. Bellow, in smaller, now fading golden letters, the Tempus charm read 27 August 1943. What the hell? That couldn't be right! He re-cast the charm, but the glitch was still there. Chills ran down his spine as he quickly strode to the nearby Entrance Hall, to one of its windows that oversaw the Entrance Courtyard. His heart shot to his throat at the sight: everything was there, the viaduct, the gate... but no memorial, the very memorial he'd watched getting revealed mere hours ago. Panic swelling in his stomach, he cast a Patronus, succeeding despite the absurdity of the situation. A magnificent silver stag appeared before him. "Tell Hermione," he stammered, then steeled himself with a deep breath, "Tell her: 'I need you to meet me by the front gate, it's urgent.'" But the stag only bowed its head deeply twice, then blinked out of existence, confirming Harry's horrible premonition. He stood there, dumbfounded. As it appeared, he really was in 1943. A dream, then, this must be a dream. Since he couldn't think of any reliable way to prove or disprove that he was dreaming, he would just have to wait it out. This was better than his usual nightmares; way better, actually – it was wicked! The familiar thrill of a budding adventure gradually replaced the panic in his mind. He could make use of this playground his mind had created – what would he do if he'd appeared over fifty years in the past? Harry's mind was soon filled with possibilities: see Dumbledore again, get rid of Tom Riddle before he became Voldemort, stop the basilisk from hurting anyone, meet his ancestors, ... Still, there was this annoying little voice in the back of his mind telling him that this felt too real to be a dream, that it wouldn't be the first time his Potter luck defied the borders of what even wizards thought possible, and that maybe he should not take this too lightly. Harry felt for the Cloak's pocket for the Marauder's Map which he usually kept there and was relieved to hear the familiar rustle of parchment. He pulled it out and muttered the password. Black ink blossomed across the yellowish background. Harry examined it. There were only four dots in the castle: Armando Dippet in the Headmaster's Office, Galatea Merrythought and Isidor Rakepick in the Professor's Quarters, Harrold Picardy on the school grounds. If Dumbledore was a Professor at this time (or rather in Harry's mental image of this time), he wasn't present. By the dot of Harrold Picardy, Harry had noticed another anomaly – no Whomping Willow and no passage beneath it. Now that he thought about it, he remembered the tunnel was only constructed for Remus to sneak out into the Shrieking Shack… By this logic, shouldn't the passage on the fourth floor that caved in in 1993 be clear now? Harry decided to find out. He followed the Map until he reached a large, ornamental mirror. Now what? Since it was useless in his time, the twins never bothered to mention the opening mechanism. Harry gripped at the edges and struggled to push it aside. The mirror wouldn't budge no matter how hard he tried. Groaning, he relaxed his arms and leant in to rest his head on the mirror surface... …and fell right through, barely managing to stop himself from falling on his face. "Lumos," he whispered once he recovered from the fall. He found himself at the top of a short staircase which led to a dusty medium-sized room, no doubt the place Sirius described as large enough to hold a meeting. The room ended in a seemingly never-ending staircase. Lots of stairs and two levelled passages later, Harry reached a liquescent, silvery surface he recognized as the inside of a one-sided magical illusion. Bracing himself, he stepped through and found himself at the bottom of the rock formation connecting Hogwarts and Hogsmeade, facing a plain stone wall of a house which upon walking around to see the front turned out to be the Three Broomsticks.
By the following morning, Harry had made two important observations: One: The wizarding culture wasn't as dynamic as the Muggle one. People dressed more or less the same, the Three Broomsticks looked the same, Butterbeer and accommodation cost the same. Two: He was still in 1943 and almost certainly not dreaming. Well, fuck! It must have been the Room of Requirement, Harry mused over his breakfast. Maybe it could bend not just space, but spacetime... Maybe it would take him back, if he'd asked nicely. But Harry was reluctant to ask, because as soon as he made peace with the thought of being thrown fifty-five years into the past, he was hit with an overwhelming temptation to change the future. He thought about the dream, the world never tainted by Voldemort. What if his little trip was that world's only shot? He knew little about time travel or the nature of time in general, but he was quite certain that if he'd changed the future too much, he wouldn't be able to go back to where he came from. He also remembered Hermione explaining the grandfather paradox to him and Ron once in third year – it was entirely possible that if he'd changed the future enough, he would get sucked into the paradox and disappear. His heart sank – if he succeeded, he would never see Ron and Hermione again, and possibly die... but they would see him! His future self would grow up playing with Ron, getting pranked by the twins, being called "cub" by Sirius and Remus, being loved by his parents, looking up to Dumbledore... Maybe even Snape would be a smidgeon less grumpy in that future. Maybe, if he'd managed to reconcile with Lily over the years, Harry would even get to call him Uncle Sev. Harry choked on his toast at the thought and earned himself an alarmed look from a middle-aged witch sitting at the neighbouring table. Fair enough, he had been choking on his food in laughter while probably looking like he was about to cry at the same time. He was also wearing his formal robe, a pale green shirt and black pants, a rather timeless look; definitely better than his usual muggle T-shirt and jeans would have been, but he still felt underdressed compared to the wizards in the streets in bowties and vests. …Which lead to another issue: if he did choose to stay, what the hell was he going to do? If his calculations were correct, Tom Riddle would be starting his sixth year in a few days, and Harry was no cold-blooded assassin to go throwing deadly curses at sixteen-year-olds… Okay, not intentionally. He was a nobody here – no family, no history, almost no money. If he was going to do this or at least buy himself more time to decide, he should find himself an ally. The first to cross his mind was Dumbledore; he would understand, he would try to help... But he probably had his hands full with the ongoing war against Grindelwald just about now and whatever Harry did (and almost inadvertently messed up), he didn't want to ruin the man's prospects. He tried to gather what little he'd known about his family history – his grandfather Fleamont Potter was born in 1905 and he would now be building his Sleekeazy Hair Potion empire. His wife Euphemia should be a bit younger, but still well into her thirties. Harry had been told they'd had trouble conceiving a child, gave up, then were taken by surprise when Euphemia got pregnant with James in 1959. They were both presumably Gryffindors and Fleamont's father, Henry Potter (Harry wasn't sure whether he'd been alive by 1943), was famous for arguing in favour of aiding Muggles during World War I – they seemed to Harry like a nice sort. Besides, he was dying to meet his family. To have a family. Recent Potters (before James and Lily went into hiding) had been known to reside in Upper Flagley, a small wizarding community in Yorkshire, so Harry decided to try his luck there. He paid for the services of the Three Broomsticks (leaving himself with the total of ten galleons and five sickles) and stepped into the fireplace. He Flooed into the local pub, the Bard's Barn. Greeted by the smell of ginger and something sweet mixing with the lingering smell of Floo powder, he stepped from the fireplace and glanced around the room. It wasn't too big, just enough to fit five round tables and a bar. It had a cosy and slightly antique vibe. The furniture and decor were wooden, the walls were plain white except for the left one which was decorated with a tapestry. Before Harry notice anything else, the sound of a lute resounded through the room and a sing-song voice boomed: "A newcom'r! Welcometh to Bard's Barn, ðe is, mine own Barn! How can this humble troubadour s'rve thee?" "Er… I'm sorry, sir, I was just hoping to find whether the Potter family lived around here," Harry answered the portrait, taken aback. "The Pott'rs, thou say? Valorous folk, lad, I even have a song or two about them. Hark, har-" "Maybe next time, Morgan, give the poor lad a break," interrupted a female voice from the left. Harry followed it with his eyes and saw an elderly lady coming from what would be the kitchen with a steaming baking pan in her hands. She set it on the counter before turning her grandmotherly smile at Harry. "Sorry about that," she said. "Morgan here gets a little over-excited with new guests. Did you say you were looking for the Potters? A relative, might I guess?" Harry nodded. "Oh, my condolences, dear. Poor Harry, he was far too young. Really, running around, chasing dark wizards at his age..." She paused, probably because Harry was staring at her like he'd seen a ghost, then hesitantly added, "You've heard that Henry Potter passed away, haven't you?" Oh. Oooh. Henry, pet name Harry. Merlin, that almost gave him a heart attack! "Y-yeah, I mean, of course," he stammered, "I've come to see... Uncle Fleamont, but I've never been to his place and lost the directions. Could you please point me his house?" She walked Harry out to the front porch and directed him to a house at the end of the street. It was built in the handsome style typical for British villages with stone walls and white window frames. It looked spacious, but nowhere near as big or fancy as the Malfoy Manor. Harry took a deep breath and rang the doorbell. Today was a Friday, it was entirely possible that no one would be home and he'd have to wait – with his heart in his mouth, he was almost wishing it to be so just to delay the turning point. This would decide the course of his trip to 1943. The door opened to reveal a man in his late thirties wearing a plain cotton shirt and slacks with suspenders. He had jet-black hair like Harry, though his was elegantly slicked back, and he wore a matching moustache. Their heights, their noses and jaws were also similar, their lips and eyes, however, were different in both shape and colour. "Good morning, lad, what brings you to our doorstep on this fine day?" "Good morning, sir, sorry to bother you. I have something important to discuss with Mr. Fleamont Potter," said Harry sheepishly. "Well, you've got the right person," Fleamont smiled. He had kind eyes, Harry noticed, and it made him a tiny bit less nervous. "What's your business?" Harry shifted on his feet uncomfortably. "Could we talk somewhere more private, please?" Fleamont looked surprised at the request, but he invited Harry in and offered him a seat in a comfy living room. He settled himself into an armchair opposite to Harry and raised an expectant eyebrow, beckoning him to speak. Harry channelled all his Gryffindor bravery into his next words: "My name is Harry Potter, I'm a time traveller and I need your help." Fleamont's eyes widened. "Excuse me?" "My name-" Harry began, but Fleamont stopped him, now frowning. "No, I heard you the first time. Look, mate, if you just came here to pull a prank, you needn't have bothered with the secrecy." He started to get up, probably to usher Harry out. "I have a proof!" said Harry urgently and reached into the inner pocket of his robes while Fleamont waited with a sceptical expression. That expression vanished from his face, though, when Harry pulled out the Cloak of Invisibility. "Impossible," Fleamont breathed out and ran out of the room. He returned a short while later, holding a Cloak of his own. Looking confused, he sunk into the armchair he'd sat in before. He processed the news silently for a few moments, opening and closing his mouth as if to say something but aborting the thought before he could voice it, until he finally settled for: "How? How long?" Harry winced. "I can't tell you exactly, just know that it was a unique occurrence, and nobody is likely to follow… I'm not even sure if I could do it again. As for how long – a lot. Decades." Fleamont nodded, stroking his moustache with a shaky hand. "Right, if this is past for you, there would be secrets... So, you're stuck?" "Maybe," answered Harry honestly. "There's something I need to try first before attempting to go back. I can't do that alone, though – it would be easiest if I could attend Hogwarts, but I have no background here…" "Of course! I'll do what I can, just, Harry, could you perhaps tell me… How are we related? You see, me and my wife..." "I know," Harry said quickly, scratching at the back of his neck. "I shouldn't tell you that, either, just maybe... keep trying, eh?" he offered. Fleamont's face lit up. xXx Harry and his grandfather(-to-be) spent the next two hours coming up with Harry's cover story – Fleamont would introduce him as a second cousin whose family branch had lived in New Zealand for many years but had maintained some contact with the homeland. When Harry's parents, Magizoologists, suddenly died in a very unfortunate accident involving Antipodean Opaleyes, Fleamont offered to take him in to finish his education at Hogwarts. They chose New Zealand because Harry wouldn't have to pretend to speak a language he didn't know, and he'd only have to change his accent a bit. Also, New Zealand currently had the population of just over 1 500 000 people and only a few hundred witches and wizards, not nearly enough to sustain a wizarding school – the Kiwi wizarding youth would be home-schooled or taught in small groups, so it wouldn't seem strange for Harry not to have sat a standardised test before. Taking into consideration his new mission (and the sorry state of his education), Harry thought it best to join Tom Riddle in the sixth year. By noon, Fleamont had already sent an owl to Headmaster Dippet, informing him of the situation. The one point they couldn't agree on was whether to let Euphemia in on the plan – Fleamont didn't want to keep secrets from his wife while Harry thought that any extra person in the know would be an unnecessary risk. Harry eventually gave in, settling for the compromise of Obliviating her if she didn't take it well. After a quick lunch, they set out for Diagon Alley. Fleamont had a business meeting at Gringotts at two o'clock, so they arrived in advance to withdraw some money for Harry's supplies. Today, he would only buy the bare necessities – clothes and a New Zealand travel guide. He couldn't buy any school supplies until he'd received the list. He was pleasantly surprised to find Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions where he'd remembered it, though he discovered upon entering that the Madam Malkin he knew was still an apprentice at the time and the shop was run by her mother. He purchased a set of school robes, casual robes, shirts, pants and, to be à la mode, two vests. Feeling brand new in more than just one sense, Harry stepped out of the fashion store and set out for the bookshop. He quickly found what he came for: Magical New Zealand – The Ultimate Wizarding Travel Guide. He still had some time left before he had to meet Fleamont back at Gringotts, so he used it to roam around the bookshelves, looking for anything useful. He ended up buying a Beginner's Guide to Occlumency as it hit him that he would be exposing himself to a potentially hostile Legilimens – Hermione sometimes made him practice while they were on the run, but with the secrets he'd been hiding now, he felt like he needed a more solid foundation. He didn't meet anyone else he'd recognised, though that group of lanky redhaired boys gushing over the broom display positively brimmed with Weasley vibes. Fleamont had already been waiting in front of the bank. Together, they Apparated back to the Potter residence in Upper Flagley. Fleamont led Harry to a guest room – Harry's room for the foreseeable future, er, past, whatever. When he was done unpacking, he joined his grandfather in the living room and used the time left until Euphemia's return to find out more about his family. As Harry had already known, Fleamont was a potioneer and the inventor of Sleekeasy's Hair Potion. He'd started the brand in 1928, securing a contract with one store and two beauty salons in England, then gradually expanding. By 1940s, he'd been exporting his products to the whole of Europe and America. He was currently employing a team of potioneers to run the mass production and mostly busied himself with development and new contracts. Euphemia McKinnon used to be a hairdresser at one of the first salons Fleamont worked with. Fresh out of Hogwarts herself, she quickly fell for charming young potioneer and married him two years later. She now ran her own beauty salon on Horizont Alley, the street intersecting Diagon Alley in its southern part, and was soon due to come home after the day's work. Fleamont was in the middle of a story about his duelling adventures when the fire flared green and an elegant witch in her thirties stepped out. She was wearing light summer robes, her hair falling to her shoulders in perfect dark brown curls. "Hello, dear. You forgot to mention we were expecting guests." "We weren't, but I'm sure you will excuse this lad's hastiness once you hear his story. Why don't you have a seat while I explain?" Euphemia listened to Fleamont and Harry's story in a contemplative silence, shifting her gaze between the two men. When they were done, she shot her husband a suspicious look. "This isn't some elaborate joke, is it?" Harry's shoulders slumped. Fleamont merely looked amused. "Not this time, my dear, I promise." Harry had sensed a story behind that, this was the man who raised James, after all, but this wasn't the time to ask. Euphemia measured him from head to toe one last time, as if deciding whether she wanted to believe those words, then smiled. "Well, then. Welcome home, Harry, I'm looking forward to getting to know you. Now, I bet you're both hungry – how about we start over a dinner?" Harry's jaw dropped and Fleamont gave him a victorious look. Just like that, Harry had found himself casually dining with his grandparents, chatting about casual things like Quidditch, school, politics... The bizarre casualness of his interaction with the Potters caught up with Harry a few times and he found himself staring into the air, overcome by the complicated cluster of emotion. He was doing that now, too – hours later, staring into the ceiling of the guest room, slowly drifting asleep and, for the first time in months, feeling genuinely excited about waking up.
Harry's acceptance letter arrived the next morning along with a shopping list. He'd be allowed to attend sixth year N.E.W.T. level classes, though he'd have to arrive earlier on the 1 of September to demonstrate his abilities and (re)sit his O.W.L.s in June to be eligible for N.E.W.T.s the following year. He had signed up for Defence Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration, Care of Magical Creatures, Herbology and Potions. He was fairly confident in everything but the latter; fortunately, Fleamont had offered to help him review the potions they were most likely to ask about. Granted, Harry didn't know if he'd even be here, existing, by June... Myrtle Warren would die in June if he didn't interfere. Now that he had more time, he pondered his course of action: He could just kill Riddle (again) and be done with it, but there was a major hole in that plan. If he killed the Heir of Slytherin and for some reason didn't get sucked into a time paradox, he would likely spend the rest of his life in Azkaban. Worse yet, if he tried and didn't succeed, he could end up in Azkaban without even changing the future. Harry decided to set murder aside as the last option. Second option: he could come out as a time traveller and share his memories with the wizarding authorities, but what if, as soon as he'd opened his mouth to say it, the subsequent time paradox would catch up with him, making both himself and his memories disappear before he could prove anything? No, that wasn't ideal either. A crazy thought occurred to him then. He could try to lead Riddle off the evil path by… befriending him? Or the contrary, giving him something to hate more than Muggles? Maybe both? It would be a dangerous game, but the idea of pranking the baby dark lord made him grin every time it had crossed his mind. Harry was strangely tempted by this approach, not only because it avoided the possible paradoxes of the first two, but also because deep down he'd felt sorry for the bullied orphan, forced to spend the summers without magic, World War II raging behind his windows, then having to fight for his place in a rather exclusive society for the rest of the year. Shitty summers and tough school years, Harry could definitely relate. …But friends with Voldemort? It was mad, it was barmy, it was completely bananas, it was- The right thing to do. It was what Dumbledore would have wanted… It was what Harry wanted, in his heart of hearts. Plus, if he'd succeeded and didn't disappear, he would be able to make a life for himself here. Thus, Harry had spent the rest of August 1943 shopping for school supplies, bonding with his grandparents, dusting his O.W.L. skills, reading up on New Zealand and strengthening his Occlumency shields. The meditations lulled him to sleep each night and before he knew it, it was the 1st of September. He exchanged goodbyes with Euphemia and side-along Apparated with Fleamont to Hogsmeade, his shrunken trunk in his pocket. From there, they walked to the castle gates where they were greeted by Headmaster Armando Dippet. The headmaster stood straight and tall even at his age, wore traditional robes, long grey hair and a short beard, looking less grandfatherly and more authoritative than Dumbledore had. "Good morning, Mr. Potter, it is a pleasure to see you again on these grounds. And this must be Harry. Welcome to Hogwarts, young man, I am sorry it is under such dire circumstances." "Thank you for having me, sir," Harry returned politely. After a quick exchange of pleasantries and a goodbye to Fleamont, the Headmaster led Harry to a classroom with his N.E.W.T. level selection of Professors gathered at the head table. Harry choked at the sight – Dumbledore was there, alive and well! No, you can't afford to get all emotional now, he told himself, but he suddenly became very nervous. He needn't have been. He wowed everyone with his practical Defence skills, he was even lucky enough to get a Charms question about conjuration and got to show off his Patronus. He answered Professor Kettleburn's questions on Griffins, Hippogriffs and Pixies, then successfully Transfigured a cup into a chicken for Dumbledore. Potions came last – young Professor Slughorn was radiating favouritism as much as his older self, asking rather simple questions about the O.W.L. potions and commending overenthusiastically when Harry knew the answer. Finally, he asked Harry to brew a Pepper-Up, the quickest (and easiest) of the curriculum. Harry had a good feeling about the whole ordeal, which was confirmed when the Professors turned in their marks and the Headmaster solemnly congratulated him on being admitted to all of his chosen classes. "Only one thing left, Mr. Potter. Please follow me." He led Harry to his office and took a shabby old hat from the shelf. Harry was too busy examining the office (he'd seen it under three different Headmasters now, Dippet's version was organised and sort of classy) to feign surprise. Fortunately, the Headmaster was also too busy explaining about the Sorting and the four Houses to notice. Someone, however, did notice, because once the Sorting Hat was on Harry's head, it started with: Oh dear, at least you have a good reason for looking so unimpressed. Bugger, sorry – I'll have to work on that, thought Harry in response, hoping his lack of reaction didn't actually hurt the Hat's ego. Yes, you will, or I will make sure not to even offer you Slytherin next time. But are you offering it now? 'Cause if you are, I would rather like to take it... What else would I offer to sneaky time travellers? Very well, a pleasure doing business with you again, kid. See you in half a century – until then, better be "Slytherin!" xXx Unsurprisingly, Slughorn was delighted to have such a promising young man Sorted into his house. As a transfer student, he would have his bed added to his year's Prefect's room in case he needed some extra help adjusting; Harry was just surprised to see his luck moving with his plans for once. A wise man once said: Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and aspiring dark lords that you are trying to sway to the light side the closest. (That man was Harry – he just made it up.) Slughorn kept him company while they waited by the Great Hall for the other students to arrive and used the time to alternate between useful information about the school and his favourite topic; his collection of successful ex-students. By the time the first arrivals set foot in the door, Harry was eager to switch his companion for Tom Riddle's and wasn't that saying something? He could spot him immediately as he'd entered and couldn't help the sharp intake of breath. Tom looked exactly like he had in the Chamber of Secrets back in Harry's second year – tall, neat and so very handsome with his wavy dark brown hair, high cheekbones and balanced, not-too-sharp-not-too-soft features. No wonder most people would miss the symptoms, it was difficult to see the devil in the face of an angel. He'd been mentally preparing for this moment for a week, but there were things in life nothing could prepare you for – like meeting your parents' murderer's sixteen-year-old self. Come on, Harry, calm down. You beat him once when he had sixty years on you, you could beat him again if you needed to. Slughorn spotted Tom shortly after Harry and promptly stood up to catch him in the crowd. Harry followed. "Tom! Good evening, great to see you in these halls for another year! Did you have a pleasant summer?" Tom smiled disarmingly, a perfect illusion of amiability. "Good evening, sir. I did, did you?" "Oh yes, my boy, very pleasant indeed, and an even more pleasant start of the year! This right here is Harry Potter, a transfer student who's been Sorted into Slytherin earlier today. He'll be in sixth year with you and we thought it would be a good idea to let him room with you as well. You wouldn't mind looking after him for me, would you?" "Of course not, sir, it's what Prefects are for," he turned to Harry, smiling amicably. "Nice to meet you, Harry, my name is Tom Riddle and I'll be your guide during your first days of school. How about we head in and talk more over dinner?" "Yeah, er, nice to meet you, too. Let's go in then." Harry let himself be ushered into the Great Hall and to the Slytherin table, adrenalin coursing through his veins, although after the slip-up with the Sorting Hat, he'd remembered to look accordingly wide-eyed at the "first" sight of the impressive ceiling enchantments (which he'd spent the past month repairing). They sat down and Tom introduced him to the other Slytherin prefects and several other sixth and seventh year students. Harry had recognised Fulcran Lestrange and Dalamar Avery as the two boys from Slughorn's memory and he assumed they were also a part of Tom's first gang, the Knights of Walpurgis. Based on their behaviour and the allegiances of their unborn descendants, his other guesses were sixth years Tristan Mulciber and Christopher Nott, seventh years Isaac Rosier and Maximillion Dolohov and seventh year Prefect Abraxas Malfoy. "So, what made you join us for our sixth year?" asked Tom with what looked like genuine curiosity. The students in their vicinity seemed interested in the answer, too. Harry had practiced for this. "I was born in New Zealand and was home-schooled until now, but last month, my parents..." He trailed of, thinking about the victims of the Battle of Hogwarts and the friends he'd risked never seeing again to be here – a radical but effective strategy he'd come up with to compensate for his shoddy acting skills. His eyes welled up and when he spoke again, his voice sounded fittingly strained. "...had a dragon-related accident. After that, Uncle Fleamont offered me stay with him and complete my education at Hogwarts." Someone gasped and the people around looked uncomfortable or hastily gave their condolences. Tom winced. His acting was on point, it made even Harry doubt whether it had been acting at all, but he knew better. "Merlin, that's terrible. Sorry for asking, I shouldn't have-" "No! No, it's fine, it would have come up sooner or later... So, what do you lot do here beside studying? Quidditch, anyone?" Harry's attempt at changing the subject was a great success. They discussed brooms with Lestrange for a while before Headmaster Dippet beckoned everyone to quiet down and began his welcome speech. After the feast, Harry followed his housemates to the dungeons. He was rooming with Tom Riddle, Fulcran Lestrange, Dalamar Avery and a quiet boy called Clarence Pebblestone who'd reportedly spent most of his time in the library. The dormitory, originally meant for four, magically expanded to accommodate Harry's bed and wardrobe. The rest of the night was uneventful, Tom had left to tend to his Prefect duties, Harry made small-talk with his new roommates, then closed the curtains and practiced Occlumency – the book was way more helpful than Snape's lessons… or perhaps it was the horcrux that used to keep him from improving; in any case, he was close to being able to maintain a passable passive shield at all times. He went to sleep with a single thought on his mind: The fun is about to begin. xXx Harry grinned at his Potion's textbook – Professor Slughorn hadn't disappointed, he gave them the same speech as the first time around and asked them to attempt the Draught of Living Death. While Harry inevitably forgot some of Snape's notes on the potions they'd brewed later in sixth year, that first time he'd followed the mysterious Half-Blood Prince's instructions was burned into his memory. Crush the Sophorous Beans, use thirteen instead of twelve, add a clockwise stir – piece of cake, right? He couldn't wait to see Riddle's face when he beat him in their very first class. He tuned out everything else and concentrated solely on his potion – this would cost him too much fun to mess up. An hour later, a perfect pale lilac liquid was bubbling in his cauldron and a perfect giddy feeling was bubbling in his stomach. "Alright, you lot, time's up! Let's see how close you got," announced Slughorn cheerfully. "Valiant effort, Miss Bell, next time ground the root of asphodel more finely... Miss Black, looks to me like you added the beans before the sloth brain, hence the redness... Tom! As expected, the closest I've seen in my years of teaching! But you'll need smaller Valerian root pieces to smooth out the texture," he went on, commenting on other students' potions until it was finally Harry's turn. "Harry, our newcomer! I've been curious to see how you fared," he winked at him jovially, them he looked into his cauldron and his eyebrows shot up. "But, my boy, this is..." He picked up the ladle and watched the liquid pour down from it. "Exceptional! Perfect! One drop could kill us all! I haven't seen one quite like this brewed by a student! Potions must run in your blood, well, I hope not literally, at least in this case..." He kept on babbling. Grinning despite himself, Harry couldn't resist the urge any longer and glanced in Riddle's direction. There was a smile on his face and he nodded to Harry, a picture of good sportsmanship, but a small crease between his eyebrows, like a crack in his mask, gave him away. Suddenly, Harry felt a familiar touch on his mind, a subtle but not yet undetectable probe. His Occlumency shields sprung up as if on instinct, and he physically went for his wand before he'd caught himself, his hand stopping mid-air. Wordless Legilimency at sixteen? Seriously? His smile froze, then went up again... Because Riddle was staring at him wide-eyed, absolutely dumbstruck, his mask shattered. Harry could swear Riddle's mouth fell a bit open, and wasn't that a sight to behold? "-rry, is everything okay?" he heard Slughorn say and it brought him back to reality. "Erm, yes, sir. Sorry, sometimes I get these cramps in my arm after brewing," he said, lifting the hand that was frozen in the air to scratch the back of his neck apologetically. He shot Tom a pointed look with raised eyebrows, as if to say "not nice" and "we'll talk about this later", then diverted his gaze and, deliberately not looking in that direction again, paid attention for the rest of the class. He walked out with a vial of Felix Felicis tucked in his robes.
Their next period was Charms with Professor Kamelion and instead of pretending to follow Tom's lead, Harry pretended to follow a group of other sixth years who'd been also headed there. The class was uneventful, mostly theory, and Harry had plenty of time to consider the situation. Should he confront Riddle later? Should he wait for Riddle to confront him? Because there would be confrontation, their beds were ten sodding meters apart – Harry wasn't sure he could sleep a wink until that incident had been resolved. Maybe he should step back for once, wait and see how Riddle deals with it. He didn't have to wait long. They had a lunch break after Charms and while he was headed to the Great Hall, Tom caught up to him. "Harry, can I have a word?" he said in a neutral voice. A direct approach, not really what Harry had expected. This should be interesting. He nodded and followed Riddle into an empty corridor. They came to a halt when they were out of earshot. "So, what do you have to say?" Harry opened. Riddle's gaze dropped to the ground for a second, then back to Harry in a (presumably fake) hesitant gesture. He slipped his hands into his robe's pockets, but before he could do or say anything else, he had the tip of Harry's wand pressed firmly into his neck, Harry's left hand on his wand hand's wrist and Harry's eyes watching him, narrowed in suspicion. "I don't know where you intended this conversation to go, but it sure isn't going anywhere if I can't see your hands," he warned as calmly as he could manage. Instead of threats of his own or downright curses, Riddle raised his empty hands into the air innocently. "My, you're a jumpy one. I just wanted to apologize, okay?" Apologize? ... I see, that's how you're going to play it. Not bad, Harry weighted the situation wordlessly. Riddle must have taken his silence as a cue to continue. "I'm really sorry, it was very rude of me. It's just that I've been studying Legilimency for a while now and you looked really happy in Potions, I thought it would be nice to feel your emotions. I shouldn't have done that without permission." "... Someone would you a permission to do that?" Harry gave him an incredulous look. "Fulcran and Dalamar did," he offered. Sure they did. Tom gulped and Harry's eyes were unwittingly drawn to his Adam's apple as it was just below their level. Had they been standing this close the whole time? If he lifted his gaze just a little higher, he could see the traces of a stubble on his jawline – the wizard had an unreal jawli- "Would you please lower your wand now?" "Er, yeah." He let go abruptly and ran his empty hand through his hair. "Just, um, don't do that again." "I won't, I promise. If that's settled, shall we head to lunch?" "…Sure." Somewhere along the way, Harry had noticed Tom's hands were clenched in fists, and he smirked to himself. xXx Who the fuck was that menace? What was he? When Slughorn first introduced them, Tom noticed nothing out of ordinary about the transfer student. He seemed like yet another kind of person Tom hated – a sheltered pureblood with a sob story (probably something to do with that funky scar on his forehead) and a passion for Quidditch... Fair enough, aside from the easily manipulated, there weren't any kinds of people Tom actually liked. Since Slughorn had been sucking up to him right from the get-go, the newcomer must have been was from a wealthy or otherwise influential family – Tom was going to explore the option of using him the same way as Malfoy or Nott. Then the bastard went and beat him in Potions. No one had beaten him in Potions since first year! If he ever hated anything, it was losing. But Potter didn't stop there. He had to flash him that smug smile, like he knew exactly what he'd just done and wanted to rub it in. That was what had made him snap – he needed to know if Potter did it on purpose and was itching to try that neat little trick he'd read about in the darker books on Legilimency that allowed the caster to torture their target with horrible images. How did it backfire so badly? Not only had Potter sensed the attack, he'd deflected it and by the way his hand shot to his wand, almost cursed Tom back. What kind of life had he lived to get reflexes like that? He got another taste of those when he went to resolve the situation. He had the whole Charms lesson to come up with a suitable solution and eventually decided to get Potter alone and Obliviate him before he could tell anyone or make a back-up. How the hell did Potter get so (rightly) suspicious? And so quick? New Zealand suddenly seemed like much less friendly a place if it popped out kids like that. He had to go for a plan B, a bloody humiliating plan B – apologising at wandpoint. Tom was burning with anger for the second time in one day, but he had to walk and eat side by side with the four-eye like everything was okay when everything was most certainly Not Okay. It would require careful planning, but he'd get his revenge eventually. All the Felix Felicis in the world couldn't save Harry Potter now, he'd make sure of it. xXx Harry made it through the first fortnight of school without getting maimed or cursed… That was worth something, considering his situation. He'd made a habit of sleeping with his curtains closed because of the Silencing Charm he'd been using to prevent waking up his roommates if he had a nightmare – it could only be cast on enclosed spaces… And so could the Intruder Alarm Charm he got used to casting just in case. It was like a tamer version of the safety measures he and Hermione had taken each stop while they were on the run last year, but he was laying just metres away from Tommy-dearest, so he didn't think it was an overkill. Constant vigilance! That didn't seem to be enough for his apparently suicidal part, because he also got into the habit of following Riddle wherever he went – it was sixth year all over again (literally)… Except this time, instead of doing it surreptitiously, he'd followed Tom around unrelentingly like a lost puppy during the days – most notably, he'd made sure to be there whenever Tom went into the library since he needed to know how far the aspiring dark lord had been into the research of his ancestry. He was bound to discover his blood link to Salazar Slytherin one of these days, then piece it together with the legends of the Chamber of Secrets and start looking for it… After all, Harry had a pet project of his own, and it absolutely needed to be finished before Riddle's. He could just kill the basilisk with a rooster before Tom had the chance to set it free, save Myrtle's life, save Hagrid from getting expelled, but then he'd be risking an untimely paradox – who knew how his original timeline would have played out without the giant snake still in its lair and Hagrid as the Groundskeeper? At first, Riddle had presumably pinned Harry's constant presence to the fact that he was assigned with showing him around. A week into the semester, when Harry clearly no longer needed guidance, he caught an occasional "Are you really going to be like this?" look. Currently, whenever he got up to follow Tom or sat beside him at meals, he got a resigned "You really are going to be like this," look, and he was perfectly content with that. To his credit, he wasn't doing anything to annoy Riddle during their time together – they talked when it seemed appropriate, he was nice to his cronies, but otherwise maintained a companionable silence… Or an illusion thereof, because he was watching Riddle carefully and knew Riddle was watching him – he suspected the other wizard had only acceded to the game because Harry had piqued his interest after the incident in Potions. The only times Riddle was sure to lose Harry were his some of his classes and his prefect patrols… or so he would think. On those nights, Harry would study (or laze around, depending on his mood) within the safety of his drawn bed curtains, keeping an eye on Tom's dot on the Map. He'd watch with bated breath whenever they passed the second floor girls' lavatory. No, not yet, he would tell himself. Harry hadn't detected any suspicious behaviour so far – the books Riddle was borrowing from the library had been purely homework-related, he'd never strayed from his path while patrolling the corridors, he was perfectly polite and never showed open hostility. Harry learned a lot about both his person and his persona. His persona kind of reminded him of Cedric Diggory; outgoing, responsible, chivalrous, academically accomplished, popular with both students and teachers. His real personality only leaked through little gestures that Harry was starting to recognise – if he was annoyed, he'd scrunch his nose almost imperceptibly. If he was angry or indignant, he'd clench his fists. If he was amused, he'd lift his eyebrows just a little, and conversely, if he was faking amusement, he'd keep them down. Watching Riddle as closely as he did, he also noticed unnecessary details, like the way his hair formed a cute little curl in the back of his neck – whenever Harry sat behind him in class, he felt a bizarre urge to stick his pinkie through it… or the way Riddle absently caressed his lower lip with the vane of his quill, how clear and pale his skin was, how he managed to look lean and fit without a shirt on even though he wasn't particularly muscular... Harry was more than a little disturbed by the way these observations stuck to his mind, and also sort of mad, because bugger, if he was forced to reconsider his sexuality over Voldemort of all people, he wouldn't be able to look his parents or any of his friends in the eye once they were born… Or Dumbledore. Harry sometimes zoned out in Transfiguration at the sight of him, reminiscing because of something he'd said, though it helped that the man had really been a little biased against Slytherins at the time. It was on Friday night, the 17th of September, that something on the Marauder's Map had caught Harry's attention. He was scanning it briefly for Riddle who should have been returning from his patrol any minute. Instead, he'd found his dot on the sixth floor, in the company of Lestrange and Avery's. Last he knew, those two were in their beds – they must have taken extra care not to alert him while sneaking out. It's happening! Harry quickly threw the Cloak of Invisibility over his pyjamas, cast a Silencing charm on his feet and rushed out of the dormitory with the Map still in his hands. Upon closer inspection, he saw Malfoy with Rosier and Dolohov leaving the dungeons while Mulciber and Nott with someone called Aaron Morgenstern waited by the familiar spot on the seventh floor. Of course Tom Riddle would hold a meeting there, the show-off. Harry's best hope was to catch up with Malfoy's group before it had reached the Grand Staircase, fortunately they didn't have much of a head start. He'd followed them all the way up to the Seventh floor where the others waited, the door to the Room of Requirement already there. Now for the trickiest part: entering unnoticed. He readied himself on the side, but he didn't get a good-enough opening until the second to last attendee had stepped in – adrenalin-infused blood pounding in his ears, he had to chance it. He slipped through with only a second to spare. He slumped against its frame in relief and examined the scene before him. The room was small, only spacious enough to accommodate the meeting. The proto-Death-Eaters occupied two long sofas with a corresponding conference table in between. Riddle was sat in an armchair at its head, looking so nonchalantly imperious, like he'd been born for it. When he spoke, it was in a solemn, firm voice: "Knights of Walpurgis, I have summoned you to welcome a new semester of our reign – together, we shall return the lost order to the Wizarding World and unite it in the ultimate battle against Muggles." Talk about dramatic. "Our operation has been going smoothly – the Knights who graduated last year have been successful in securing perspective positions. At this pace, we shall be ready to propose an alliance with Gellert Grindelwald after he wins the war in continental Europe. Until then... Have you done what I asked of you in our last meeting?" Several "Yes, my Lord"s chorused through the room. "Report. Isaac?" "I had my sister ask around the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, as you requested, my Lord. No cases of necromancy or related dark magic have been detected in at least a century." Riddle merely nodded in acknowledgement. "Tristan." Mulciber winced. "I am sorry, my Lord, I've mentioned it to my father multiple times. He wouldn't talk to me about anything going on in the Department of Mysteries, though he insinuated it possessed nothing of interest to our cause." "Disappointing, but understandable. Christopher." "There were a couple of mentions of the Philosopher's Stone in our family library with only vague information about its creation. I also found three rituals that could procure a body, though neither could fully bring back the dead or reverse the aging process." "Good, provide me with further detail on those rituals later. Fulcran?" "I wasn't able to meet the Flammels in person, but I've asked around in the French wizarding circles – the effect isn't ideal, as you suspected. They never stopped aging and are currently extremely fragile." "Abraxas." "Our library contained these two books of dubious quality on Necromancy, no useful mentions of the Stone. But it had the book you have been looking for." He laid a black book Harry had recognised as Secrets of the Darkest Art on the table before Riddle, who smiled in satisfaction. "Excellent. Morgenstern?" The Knight in question wore Ravenclaw colours and a prefect badge. He looked at least sixteen, but he wasn't in any of Harry's classes – a seventh year, then. "As expected, the legislation regarding unicorn blood is tight – just being caught with it, or any potion that is known to contain it, could earn you years in Azkaban. No loopholes." "Very well. I will go through your findings and let you know if I need anything else. For now, concentrate on your studies – work hard to demonstrate to the public what the Knights represent. Meeting dismissed. Abraxas, you stay." Harry stepped aside to let the others leave the room. Once they were alone, Riddle spoke again. "What do you know about the Potters?" Abraxas looked thoughtful for a moment. "An ancient pure-blood house, reasonably influential, typically Gryffindor. Henry Potter was a blood traitor, publicly criticized not helping Muggles during their war. He died in a duel against one of Grindelwald's men in France not long ago. His son is now running a prosperous cosmetic potions business. Nothing is known about the side branches, but based on the recent revelations, some Potters presumably left the country at least two generations back… This is about the transfer student that's been pestering you, isn't it? Should we do something about him?" "Thank you for your concern, I am perfectly capable of cursing him myself, but now is not the time. There is something… off about Potter, but I'm already keeping a close eye on him myself." Harry smirked. Who's keeping an eye on whom again? "I see." "That will be all for now. Let's get on our way." Riddle rose to his feet, heading for the door. Harry moved to step away from it but halted abruptly when he felt a slight tug from behind. Shit. Shit! His Cloak must have gotten stuck in the door when it closed behind the members who left. What now?! If he pulled on it, he'd risk revealing his feet, if he opened the door, it would look suspicious... With no time left to think, Harry pressed his back into the wall, feeling the door's edge in parallel with his right shoulder, his right hand almost touching the handle. Then Riddle was there, mere inches from Harry, in all his darklordiness. If, by chance, he turned just a bit to the left, he'd bump into Harry and know... …But he hadn't. He simply opened the door, holding it to show Malfoy out. Harry, heart still beating wildly, took the chance to slip out. One group of the Knights, Morgenstern's group, had already left, leaving four people waiting for their respective prefects. Harry didn't see the necessity of such system, but honestly, he didn't care – all he wanted now was to run back to the dungeons as fast as he could, so he went straight for the Grand Staircase and rushed down. He made it to the dormitory with at least two minutes' edge – he wouldn't know precisely how much, because by the time the others returned, equally stealthily as they'd left, he was already in his bed with his curtains drawn.
Tom pretended to sleep in the next day, completely plausible since it was a Saturday. Instead, in the privacy of his drawn bed curtains, he devoured the first few chapters of Secrets of the Darkest Art, then reread the chapter on Horcruxes two more times. This was perfect, exactly what he needed. If he could tie his soul to the realm of the living, he'd have the trickiest part down; while procuring a surrogate body was no walkaway, there were several viable options he could explore. The principle of the ritual was to first sever whatever bonds naturally held a soul together, then very carefully break off a fragment, place it into an object (the more meaningful to the caster, the better) and restore the bonds. Murder was essential to it, because it severed one's bond to their humanity. Tom had never killed anyone – could he do it? He had killed many animals, yet killing a human seemed like a big deal even to him... But if it was his (eternal) life for a life of another, there was only one option, really. He also had to ritually cut the soul's tie to his blood, which required, among other things, denouncing his parents. That posed a problem – Tom hadn't borne any feelings towards them to let go of, but he needed their names as a part of the chant. He'd always assumed they were dead, or that, if they weren't, he wasn't worth their attention, therefore they weren't worth his… Either way, he had to find them now. The best clue he had was his own name, he could start there. He returned the book into the hidden holder attached to the underside of his bed and covered it with a whispered protective charm. He opened the curtains to the sight of Potter sitting on his bed with a book on his lap. Harry Potter, the mysterious transfer student and an unwelcome distraction from Tom's schemes. He caught his eye (in the most negative way) on the first day of school and had since become even more intriguing. For reasons unknown, he kept following Tom everywhere. Still more curiously, when he wasn't following him and shouldn't have had any idea where Tom was, he tended to appear out of nowhere, acting like it wasn't peculiar in the least. What puzzled Tom even more were the glances - the knowing glances when he shouldn't have known anything. Like when that group of obnoxious fourth-year girls asked him to resolve their petty fight, or when Slughorn started joking with him in Potions. He handled each situation with his usual grace, his acting was flawless... But afterwards he'd turn to see Potter with his eyebrows raised and an amused smirk playing on his lips. The unwelcome distraction lifted his eyes from the book he'd been reading to meet to Tom's. "Good morning. How unusual for you to sleep in." And there it was, that knowing look. Did he know about last night's meeting? No, that was unlikely, he'd made sure they hadn't been seen or heard, and the idea of Potter just randomly checking their beds was ridiculous... Still, as it seemed, nothing was impossible with Potter. "Yes, I just had a nightmare and needed to sleep it off," he lied without missing a beat and started changing from his pyjamas. "I see, sorry to hear that." He doesn't sound sorry at all. "I get those a lot, too." Nice, an opportunity to probe. "Really? What about?" Harry stared at him thoughtfully, then shrugged. "Oh, about being kept prisoner in a cupboard, going on suicide missions against dark lords, flying through Fiendfyre, watching my friends and family die – you know, the usual stuff." That is not usual at all and also oddly specific. "You?" Before Tom could realize what he was saying, the words were out of his mouth. "Slughorn's hairpiece coming to life and inviting me to its own club, the Hair Band." Potter's eyes widened and he seemed to choke on air, then burst into a surprised laughter. "Ew, you win," he squeezed out as he laughed. Tom was probably even more shocked. Did he just unwittingly joke with Potter? He never joked with anyone unless it was a plot to win them over, not really what he had in mind for Potter at the moment – it was bad enough that he sometimes found himself amused at the jokes Potter had made. He instantly hated his brain for making that joke, he hated Potter for laughing at it, and most importantly, he hated how pleased that had made him feel. Something was going seriously wrong. He finished changing and retrieved his hygiene bag to head to the bathroom. Meanwhile, Harry caught his breath enough to say, "So, Quidditch try-outs today. You coming?" "Why would I be? You know I don't fly or have much of an interest in Quidditch." "I don't know, to see me kick arse?" Potter wiggled his eyebrows while Tom just barely hid his exasperation behind a snort, "I thought you might be coming to show support as the prefect, you know, for house pride's sake." House pride, my arse. xXx Tom came to watch the try-outs. Was Harry allowed to feel smug about it? Victorious? Happy? Either Tom was just that curious about him, or Harry's unorthodox friend-making strategy (force it 'till you make it) was working... Maybe both. The school-owned Cleensweep Threes were incomparably worse than the modern-day broomsticks Harry was used to, but he was a natural flyer, it only took him a couple of practice loops and dives to get attuned to it. The Snitches were probably still as fast, though, so he'd have to adjust his strategy – gain speed from a dive first, then go for the chase. He was competing against four other Slytherins, none of whom he'd known, but a brief observation told him he only had the lanky fourth-year girl to worry about unless the other three got really lucky. There would be three separate skill tests: manoeuvring, speed and observation skills, then a Snitch would be released for them to catch while the try-outs for other positions take place. A familiar rush spread through Harry from flying competitively again, washing away the bitter taste of the few friendly matches they'd attempted at the Burrow to take their minds off the bad stuff, but which only ended up emphasising Fred's absence. He flew like the wind! He hunted like a hawk! He... did an alright job in the skill tests, he supposed. The real trial would be the Snitch, though. It was set free by the team captain, circled around each of them as sometimes it liked to do and disappeared in the distance. The Seekers scattered across the pitch – Harry took a position high above the ground with the sun in his back, hovered there and scanned the pitch in concentration. About thirty minutes into the final trial, he finally found what he'd been looking for – a brief flash of golden light near the Blue East Tower. He spared half a second to check on the other Seekers (all circling the pitch bellow him, not looking in his direction), then shot towards the Tower. When the air was already whistling in his ears, he caught the flash of light again, and this time, he'd been close enough not to lose sight of the source. He chased it around the Blue East Tower, then across the tribunes heading to the Green North Tower, vaguely aware of the fourth-year girl approaching from the behind – she didn't matter at this point. The Snitch took a sharp leap up, then changed the course to fly towards the ground, but the fraction of a second it needed to compensate for its momentum was enough for Harry's hand to close around it. Harry held it up and waved his hand happily at Kevin Planck, the team captain. When he refocused on his ambience again, he noticed he was hovering close to the spot where Riddle had been sitting with Avery (Lestrange wasn't there as he'd been trying for a Beater). Harry pondered whether it would be a good idea to stop by – he wasn't sure, but he flew over anyway. "Hi. Thanks for coming to see me kick arse," he shot Riddle a cheeky grin. "It's fun, you should try it sometimes... Quidditch, I mean," he added, realising he'd almost insinuated Lord Voldemort didn't kick arse… actually, wait, it was correct it like that. "I have no idea what you're talking about. I haven't come to see you kick arse, I've come to support the team – for house pride's sake, you see? I'm the prefect, after all." There was an amused smirk on Riddle's face and, for once, Harry believed it was genuine. "Right, excuse my mindlessness. Of course you'd come to support the team, you are such a kind soul," he bit back and chuckled at the alarmed twitch in Riddle's features. "You've certainly come to kick arse though, Harry," Avery chipped in, "That was some wicked flying." For a group of Slytherins who'd become the Death Eaters, some Knights of Walpurgis seemed surprisingly decent. "Thanks, mate." "Yes, well – congratulations for making the team, Harry." Riddle's voice was even, but there was that little twist to his eyebrows. Was Harry's last comment too revealing? Or was Riddle simply uncomfortable acknowledging other people's accomplishments? He'd have to find out later. "Thanks, Tom. See you around," he shot a grin to the pair and turned to fly over to the centre of the pitch. xXx Harry took a quick shower, changed into his casual clothes with a robe thrown over them and scanned the Marauder's Map in the privacy of a loo stall for Riddle's name. He'd found it in the library. Bugger. Harry rushed to catch him there, curious about his selection of books after last night's meeting. He wasn't disappointed, but it wasn't what he'd been expecting either. Riddle was sitting at the table with at least thirty piled-up books surrounding him. While Harry wasn't exactly expecting them to scream "Dark Arts", this selection appeared completely innocent and with no common topic – Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them; Basics of Cursebreaking; Prince of Enchanters: The Complete Biography of Merlin; 33 Bedtime Stories for the Wizarding Youth; The Ultimate Wizarding Travel Guide to Egypt,... Harry sat down opposite to him, opened his Transfiguration textbook and started working on his essay, but he was also surreptitiously analysing the titles Riddle had brought. The younger wizard only read the contents of some books, skimmed through others, rarely paused to actually read a paragraph. He was obviously looking for something. Well, since Harry knew what Tom should soon be looking for, it didn't take a genius to figure it out – he must have summoned all the books that mentioned a Riddle, or in practice, a riddle. The books about Egypt and Magizoology would pop up because of Sphinxes, the rest just happened to have contained the word. At this point, Riddle probably still believed he was a pureblood, because he was a great wizard and purebloods were supposed to be the greatest, at least from the supremacist point of view which some louder Slytherins kept spewing. If that assumption had been right, the surname would have returned at least a few mentions… But the way things really stood, this was a very ineffective way of investigation. Riddle, too, seemed to have realised this after a while. There was the familiar little quirk to his eyebrows to give away his annoyance. He stood up, took one of the three piles of books and walked over to the shelves to return them to their places. While he was gone, Harry had finished writing and put his things away. He picked up one of Riddle's piles and turned to see the other wizard watching him calculatingly. "What are you doing?" Riddle said neutrally. "Helping. You're returning these, aren't you?" "Yes, but... Why would you do that?" "It's what friends do – especially the hungry friends who want to go to dinner as soon as possible," Harry winked at him and carried the books away. xXx Today was exhausting – anything Tom did only unveiled new problems. In the morning, he'd learned about the Horcrux ritual obstacle, then in the afternoon that obstacle proved to be more difficult to solve than he'd anticipated. Why was it so difficult? There should be at least a couple of books mentioning a bloodline like his must have been. Were they foreigners? Americans, perchance? Australians? New Zealanders? Speaking of, the whole Potter enigma grew exponentially as the day progressed. The looks, the innuendos; it couldn't be a coincidence – he knew something. How the fuck did he know? Tom had checked the enchantments under his bed, they'd been intact. And the way Potter acted... Tom had never seen anything like it. He was good at identifying other people's agendas from the way they interacted with him, but Potter made no sense. He would provoke Tom (almost certainly on purpose), stalk him tirelessly for two weeks, but act perfectly friendly in the meantime. It was infuriating – why hadn't he found a way to curse him yet? Except he didn't quite feel like cursing Potter when they were together. He wanted joke around with him, apparently. He wanted to come to his silly Quidditch try-outs. Was this how people thought of their friends? He'd never had an actual friend, never seen a reason to want one, but Potter had just called him that, hadn't he? If Tom had unintentionally befriended Potter, it only made his mysterious behaviour less acceptable. He kept getting more questions and no answers – that simply wasn't how he worked. He needed to turn it around and soon, for the sake of his sanity. They'd been walking from dinner back to the library, by the sound of it, alone. He knew trying to intimidate Potter or attacking him outright could go awry very quickly, but what was the harm in a good, honest chat? xXx Riddle suddenly changed course and walked into an empty Charms classroom. What was going on? Was it a trap? Just when Harry thought the aspiring dark lord had actually started warming up to him... He followed Riddle in anyway, albeit with a wand at the ready and an Expelliarmus on his tongue. When the door closed behind them, Riddle straightened just a bit and acquired that regal air he had in last night's meeting. There was a cold, calculating glint to his eyes. Harry's heartbeat quickened. The expected curse didn't come though. Instead, the younger wizard looked him in the eye and began calmly but firmly: "The game's over. Who are you really? Who sent you?" "Who... sent me?" "Quit playing, Potter. You follow me everywhere, you knew about yesterday, you knew about the book and you are no ordinary student. Why are you here?" Harry and his big, stupid mouth, now look where it got him – he shot right past the desired impression of 'intriguing' to 'a spy'. Was there a way to save this? Riddle was watching him with an uncharacteristic expression of open hostility. "You... wouldn't believe me even if I told you," he said squeamishly just to buy himself some time. Think, think, think! Tom raised an eyebrow, "Try me." "I..." The much-needed idea suddenly came to him. He didn't have much time to think it through, but it was as close to the truth as he could get. "I'm your guardian angel."
"Excuse me?" Riddle was frowning incredulously – one of the most open expressions Harry had seen on him. "You're joking? At a time like this?" Whatever Harry had gotten himself into this time, there was no turning back now. Oh well, in for a knut, in for a galleon – there was one thing that would add credibility to his story, though he was reluctant to use this trump card so soon. "Not joking", he hissed in Parseltongue. There, now he'll never get to follow Riddle around under the Cloak and hiss nonsensical instructions, watch him trying to figure out why Dumbledore's left sock was essential for the opening of the Chamber of Secrets. Such a shame… A sharp intake of breath reached Harry's ears. Even in the darkness of the classroom, he could see the widening of Riddle's eyes. Harry wondered if he'd blink out of existence any second. "Guardian angels... are real?" the younger wizard breathed out. "Yeah... Well, no, not as much as I am, usually, you're a very special case – you get to meet your angel in the flesh." Harry went on bullshitting. He had to turn away, not sure how much longer he could hold the hysterical grin that was threatening to spread across his face. He was only twisting the truth a bit, that just made it all the more hilarious. "It's complicated – I've lived my own life, but I've also lived bits of your past, present and future, all the way until…" your death. The humour seeped out of Harry at those unsaid words. He cleared his throat, thinking hard – he must not screw up now. "I feel a purpose, too, I've felt it ever since I've awoken," in 1943, about a month ago. "Um, you know how Veela or Seers awaken? It was similar, like getting an extra identity. For all means and purposes, I'm as human as you... As mortal as you," he added softly. If the paradox theory was right and his words made a difference, these could be the last seconds of his life. He turned back to face Riddle who tried his best to look impassive, but Harry could see that his hands were shaking. He mustered up his Gryffindor courage and took a step closer, meeting the younger wizard's wide moonlit eyes determinedly. "I can't really order you around and my magic won't let me reveal the future, but the path you're on... The pursuit of grandeur and immortality, they will only lead to death and misery – yours and that of many others." Harry dropped his gaze to Tom's shaking hands. Using the last spark of his courage, he reached up to touch them in what he hoped was a reassuring way. They didn't flinch away, so he took it as a good sign, squeezed gently as he continued: "I'm here to help you." He was touching a younger version of Voldemort, but he didn't feel horrified or disgusted, just... sad. Sad and sorry for the boy who had to suffer through a loveless childhood and, unlike Harry, had no one to turn to. It occurred to him that Tom had possibly never been comforted by a friend before and he wished he was a real angel at that moment – he willed his whole body to glow like a Patronus, take all the bad stuff away. "Please, just... let me," he tried to say, but it came out as a whisper. For a second, Harry could feel Tom's quickened heartbeat on his fingers, smell his mild cologne, and he couldn't help but notice how nice it felt… But then he also noticed how tense Tom had been. Suddenly feeling very awkward, he let go and stepped back to behold the other wizard. Tom was obviously overwhelmed – he was still staring at Harry absently, wheels in his head turning furiously, his mouth partially open, as if he'd wanted to say something but couldn't find the words. Bollocks, if Harry was in his shoes, he's be stupefied, too. Feeling ashamed of his (yet again) rash actions, he bore his eyes into the floor and scratched the back of his neck. "Sorry, this must be a lot to process. It's okay, take your time, I'll just, er, see you in the dorms... Or the library, if you still feel like searching for your family." With no idea how he could make the situation less awkward, he simply fled the room. xXx Tom didn't come to the dormitory until much later. According to the Map, he'd remained in the Charms classroom for a while, then apparently went to get some fresh air – Merlin knows he had a good reason to. When Harry finally saw his magical dot approaching the dormitory at half past midnight, his anxiety forced him out of his bed and under the Cloak of Invisibility. Tom's were the only curtains left undrawn. The door clicked and Harry's heart shot to his throat. However, the young man who stepped in didn't look nearly as bad as he'd feared – a bit tired, but not like he'd gone through a breakdown or anything. He made a beeline for the wardrobe and quietly changed into his pyjamas, making Harry feel like a right pervert for watching, but he couldn't tear his eyes off the naked form. Tom wasn't too muscular, as could expected since he'd been more of a scholar than an athlete, but he had a broad bone structure and the overall impression was lean, handsome, elegant,… Harry should really jump off this train of thought before it reached the station in Something He Wasn't Ready To Admit. Fortunately, Tom was done changing and moved to sit down on his bed. He looked in the direction of Harry's drawn curtains, staring at them for a moment. Sighing softly, he rubbed his face with his palms, rested them over his eyes, then climbed into the bed and spelled the curtains shut. Harry, slightly reassured but still nervous as hell about the next day, sneaked back into his own bed. Its curtains remained closed until after 10 o'clock on Sunday morning, but unlike Tom's yesterday, it was because Harry had actually slept in. With all the thoughts cluttering his mind and the nightmares that followed, he didn't get much rest. When he finally let the dimmed sunlight into his den (Slytherin dormitories never got very bright naturally, the main sources of light there were candles), he was greeted by the sight of Tom sitting at his table over a parchment. He set his quill was set aside and turned to face Harry with a neutral expression. Harry's heart shot to his throat. "It's late," Tom said, "The breakfast ended ten minutes ago." Harry expected it to take more time before Tom was ready to talk to him again – he could have used it himself to sort his thoughts. He stretched and answered as nonchalantly as possible, "Yeah, tough luck. I'll just have to catch up at lunch." Tom was considering him pensively. "I have questions," he said finally. Here we go, straight to the point. Harry put on his glasses and sat up on his bed, trying to stifle the nervousness. The others were apparently gone – Avery said something about an inter-house Exploding Snap tournament. Harry was deliberately not looking at Tom, fidgeting with the hem of his pyjamasinstead. "Er, sure, ask away." "Is there a god?" Harry froze. How the hell was he supposed to answer that? "That's... not for me to say," he began evasively, then he straightened and met Tom's eyes, adding with determination, "There is good and evil, though, and the evildoers get punished eventually… I've seen that much." Merlin's pants, am I turning Voldemort religious? Tom nodded. "In other words, there is an afterlife." Harry smiled sadly as he repeated the words of a dead person to the wizard whose curse lead to their doom: "To the well-organised mind, death is but the next great adventure." "Your real reason to transfer to Hogwarts was me?" "…Yes." "Was it a lie when you said parents died, then?" Harry dropped his gaze and shook his head, not trusting himself to answer that without hinting at the truth, especially considering who the question had come from. That part wasn't a lie, the circumstances, on the other hand… Silence stretched for a few moments. Not wanting to look at Tom, Harry stared out of the window into the Black Lake's greenish depths and its sparkling surface, wondering how he got himself into a mess of this caliber yet again. "So, you're here to keep me off 'the evil path', but not by 'ordering me around', correct?" "Correct." "How are you planning to do that?" Good question, Harry wanted to know that, too. "Er, I thought… if you could see me as a friend; an actual friend, not a minion; it would be a nice start." "You've been trying to befriend me?" "Yeah…" Harry assumed from the tone that his friend-making strategy wasn't so ingenious after all. "You realise that won't be possible, right?" Harry's chest tightened. Was this how Malfoy felt when Harry refused him seven years ago? "Why?" "Isn't it obvious?" Tom's voice was calm and sure, like when he explained a piece of magical theory. "As you seem to know, I've never made 'an actual friend', it's not certain I could…. And even if it had been possible before, now that I know you're only trying because I'm your mission-" "That's not how it is!" Harry snapped automatically. But… wasn't it? He did approach Tom because it was his self-proclaimed mission… He sighed and ran a hand through his morning hair. "Iťs not like I didn't have a choice, you know? Think of it this way – I've seen the worst of you, worse than even you have. I know you; not perfectly, but better than anyone else. I still chose to seek you out and want to be your friend. Doesn't that count for something?" "… You had a choice?" Tom asked slowly. "Yeah." "What were the other options?" Oh, you know, killing you or returning to the future and effectively letting my friends and family die. "You have a choice, too," Harry said instead and diverted his gaze, heart pounding against his ribcage. It was true, all of this depended on Tom's choices, but what if he actually refused to try? A few beats of heavy silence passed. Finally, Tom spoke: "How do I know I'm doing the 'right' thing? It's not like I've been trying to be evil." That wasn't a rejection, not the response Harry had feared, though it was a worrying one. He stood up, grabbed his toiletries from the shelf and turned and met Tom's eyes with determination. "I wouldn't be here if the fates thought you were beyond salvation," he said and pointed the tip of his toothbrush down at Tom dramatically. "I will become your friend and I will see that genius mind of yours put to a good cause!" he proclaimed with exaggerated solemnity. Riddle was watching him with his eyebrows furrowed, but the corners of his mouth twitched the next moment and the gravity of the past few minutes blissfully dissolved. "That does sound like you ordering me around." "Ugh, why am I even trying!" Harry groaned and strode out of the door. There was a smile on his face as he headed to the loos. xXx Tom's plans were in shambles and it was all Harry Potter's fault... again. He couldn't even blame him – if what Harry said was true, he was saving Tom from the very thing he most wanted to avoid: premature death and a punishment for his actions in afterlife. Fuck, he'd been mentally preparing himself to murder someone in cold blood, not to mention the revolutionary ideas he had in store for the future. That was part of the problem – Tom had viewed his ideas as revolutionary and self-preservative, his methods as justified and necessary for the continued prosperity of wizardkind, the objectively superior race... Of course he wanted the immortality for selfish reasons, but he also needed it to lead the war against Muggles that was, in his opinion, inevitable, and each day less in favour of his side. He'd seen it, read about it, felt it in the streets of London, the ever-growing destructive power of Muggle weapons. They outnumbered wizards by multiples – if they found out about the existence of magic... Tom had felt their fear of the unknown, their foolishness and their cruelty, too. He gave himself a fortnight trying to rethink and reassess his plans, yet he still had trouble finding a fault in his logic. The concepts of "good" and "evil" were simply too vague. The way Tom saw it, harm for the sake of harm was evil. Harm for the sake of gain wasn't evil – killing animals to eat their meat wasn't evil. Killing animals for research wasn't evil if they were killed as swiftly as possible. Hurting annoying kids at the orphanage wasn't evil, is was practice, a mark of dominance, a prevention of future problems (Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop in the cave, well, that was an accident – he didn't know he could speak to snakes until then and he might have gone too far when Dennis called him a liar). If killing for self-defence wasn't evil, how could killing Muggles and Muggle-borns be? Surely, dilly-dallying with your guardian angel while watching the magical world heading for destruction couldn't be a lesser evil than doing something about it. Causing harm didn't bring him satisfaction. Good deeds didn't bring him satisfaction, either. Accomplishing his goals, thriving, had been his sole source of positive emotions, and now that he wasn't sure what his goals were, he felt lost. "Harry, what exactly is evil?" he asked, taking advantage of a rare moment of privacy with just the two of them in their dormitory. The bespectacled wizard pondered the question silently for a long moment. Finally, he said, "It's doing something you wouldn't like having done to yourself." "Even if you had a good reason for doing it?" "Like self-defence? Hmm, I suppose you could break that rule then, but only to the degree that wouldn't be overall more harmful than the offence." Harry gave him a speculative look. "Did you mean something in particular?" And so Tom explained why he, the Knights of Walpurgis and probably also Grindelwald thought persecuting Muggles and Muggle-borns was "good". Harry heard him out and didn't say anything for a while. When he eventually did, it was, "So the most immediate concern is a breach of the Statute of Secrecy, right? Is that why you and your lot hate Muggleborns – because their families pose a risk?" "Yes, basically." "That's unfair to them, they've done nothing wrong – imagine how you would feel if someone hurt you just for existing!" Tom didn't have to imagine and yes, it did feel horrible, but still… "Also, the Muggleborns make up at least a tenth of the wizarding population, don't they? That's a lot of manpower. Couldn't you just come up with a better protection of the Statute instead?" He could, couldn't he? That approach occurred to him before and he deemed it an ineffective then, he'd have to look into it, but... "Maybe. Better surveillance system, more wizarding oases like Hogsmeade in more secluded places... We could give the parents of Muggle-borns a choice – move to the wizarding community and live there like Squibs do, or give up their child and their memories of it." Harry winced, "That last part is still a little radical, but... you're getting there." He shot Tom the kind of smile that had been giving him a strange pleasant sensation for the last couple of days. He'd known the high of achievement, of victory, of revenge, this was... something new, perhaps the "true friendship" Harry had been so insistent on achieving between them. Tom suspected this new occurrence had something to do with the nature of their magical bond – there were no books mentioning guardian angels in the library, so he could only guess. He'd also observed that the feeling was addictive. Harry had stopped following him everywhere, but instead of being relieved, Tom started hating everyone else he hung out with, which was an annoyingly wide spectrum of people from all houses. Like one of the trinkets he'd hidden in his room as a child, Tom hated sharing him with others – Harry was his angel, why should he make Abbott laugh? Why should he high-five Lestrange after Quidditch practice? He knew all of these feeling were irrational, so he did his best to stifle them and bring his focus back to the discussion. "There's also the fact that Muggle blood dilutes magical power. Crossbreeding should be outlawed to boost our chances." Harry furrowed his eyebrows. "Since when is that a fact?" "Don't be naïve, Harry, everybody knows that – it's an open secret." Surely, a pure-blood couldn't be that ignorant. "Is it?" Harry said unusually sharply. "Where I'm from, we call that purist propaganda. What about you, aren't you powerful? How can you be so sure you're a pureblood?" That disarmed him. He was sure, felt it in his bones and his magical core, his middle and last names sounded magical, but he didn't have a proof, so he wisely decided to drop the conversation until he'd found one. He went to the library the next day, this time summoning the books with the name Marvolo, as he'd been planning to do before he got discouraged from the Horcrux ritual. Three books came flying: A Wizarding History of the United Kingdom, Pure-blood Directory and Herbs for Advanced Healing. There was a total of four Marvolos mentioned: Marvolo Zampadorso, an Italian healer who first described the magical properties of juniper in 1672, Marvolo Lloyd who played a role in the Second Goblin Rebellion, Aristeus Marvolo Ollivander and Marvolo Gaunt, both already dead and only mentioned in the family trees of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. Marvolo Gaunt was the most recent one and the best candidate, although the Ollivanders were also know to recycle names from their ancestry, so they weren't completely eliminated yet. Marvolo Gaunt had two children, a daughter who died shortly before the book was published and a son, both reportedly childless. Any of them could potentially be Tom's parent. But where did his surname come from? The most obvious option was to contact Morfin Gaunt, but he needed to get his address to do that and it was a certain risk – if the Gaunts really were his biological family and everything had been in order, he wouldn't have been left to grow up in a Muggle orphanage. Could it prove disadvantageous if Morfin learned of his existence? Conclusion: If he had to employ a third party anyway, he should try to get as much information and hopefully avoid having to contact an unfamiliar fourth party. He pulled Isaac Rosier aside after lunch. "Isaac, I need your sister to research something for our cause. Ask Eleanor to look up any recent documents concerning the Gaunt family. As always, do not mention me or the Knights, just have her owl you a copy of anything she finds in a separate envelope and pass it directly to me. You shall learn the contents in due time. Understood?" "Understood," the boy bowed minutely. He wasn't exactly the brightest snake in the den, but he was loyal and his sister was a valuable contact; after all, what's better to a leader than a docile sheep? xXx Being friends with Tom Riddle, in the light of recent events, had been… nice; nowhere near as warm as with Ron or Hermione, but surprisingly nice and peaceful. With no more suspicion on Tom's side and a semblance of truth on the table, some of the tension had melted off Harry's shoulders, although he still had to watch his tongue – he'd probably have to forever. Tom was pleasant company except for that one discussion about his politics, and even then he'd been civil and reasonable – Harry had understood his arguments to a point where he had to wonder if Tom wasn't swaying him to the dark side after all, but he was sure his moral ideals stood firm and strong even as he sat beside the prospective dark lord in the Great Hall. He didn't criticise Tom for putting up a front in public if that was how he felt comfortable living (Hermione would have given him a dozen speeches by now), though he'd somehow found himself liking his real personality more – the contrast of his studious, systematic, prideful, irritable character with the biting sense of humour he only seemed to let loose when he was alone Harry. Like this particular chilly October Saturday they'd been spending in the dormitory – Tom's request. Harry had thought it curious, they would usually go to the library on days like this. The reason soon revealed itself when someone knocked on the door. It was Rosier. He only passed Tom an envelope and retreated – it reminded Harry of old espionage films Aunt Petunia used to watch. "What's that?" he asked inquisitively. "It's the proof," Tom answered with a hint of smugness in his voice. He tore the envelope open. He was sitting at his desk and shielding Harry, who'd been practicing Charms on his bed, from view of what was inside. Harry expected Tom to say more, but the silence stretched as the younger wizard examined the contents. Unable to take the suspense anymore, Harry got up and walked over to peek over his shoulder. The first thing he noticed was the slight shake to Tom's hands where he was gripping at the document. Uh oh, not good. It was a case report. Offenders: Marvolo and Morfin Gaunt Victim: Tom Riddle (Muggle), Merope Gaunt Charges: 003 Magical assault, 004 Assault on a Muggle, 014 Physical assault, 035 Assault on a Ministry Official, 095 Resisting arrest, 141 Breach of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy Additional notes: Muggle assault was detected on 20 June 1924 in Little Hangleton. Auror Ogden was sent to investigate. The suspect Morfin Gaunt was not cooperating, making hissing noises instead of answering, his father Marvolo Gaunt justifying his actions and delaying his arrest. Morfin Gaunt then proceeded to reveal an alleged romantic infatuation of Merope Gaunt towards the victim Muggle, Tom Riddle. He hexed Auror Ogden whilst Marvolo Gaunt physically assaulted his daughter by strangling. Auror Ogden Apparated to the Ministry for reinforcements. Special Force Team 3 was dispatched to handle the situation and arrest the offenders. From the corner of his eye, Harry caught a movement of Tom's arm. He glanced down at him, registered a wand pointed in his direction and had the shortest of moments to dodge as the younger wizard whispered, "Obliviate." In a single following second, Harry jumped backwards and drew his own wand while Tom shot out the chair so abruptly it was knocked backwards. "Stupefy!" "Expelliarmus!" Harry was faster at both dodging and casting – Riddle could thank his future self for those reflexes. The yew wand went flying to the other side of the room, but that wasn't the end of it. He quickly regained his balance and used it to physically grab Harry's wand hand and his collar. Harry was too slow to struggle and ended up getting tackled to the floor, vaguely registering a collision of his shoulder against the footboard of someone's bed. Riddle was straddling him, one hand pinned his right wrist to the floor, the other went for Harry's neck and squeezed. "No one can know," Tom whispered icily, his eyes intense and pupils blown wide, like a predator mid-hunt. "W-won't... tell..." Harry choked out, pulling at the hand on his neck, but Tom was leaning on it with all his weight. "It's... o... kay," he tried again, but Riddle's grip wouldn't budge. He was starting to get light-headed, he needed to get out of this and quick. He should be stronger than Riddle... He let go of the hand on his neck abruptly and pinched Riddle's side instead to get an element of surprise, simultaneously bucking his hips with all he had up to throw Riddle off balance. Once his attacker was in the air leaning forward, he pushed from both the left and underneath, managing to roll them over and get ahold of his wand with his left hand. "Incarcerous!"
Harry's magic twisted in the air into thick ropes that bound Riddle's arms to his body and his legs to one another. "What the fuck!" Harry snapped in a hoarse voice as soon as he caught his breath, stifling the cough. Riddle looked like a deer in the headlights, breaths quick and shallow. "Harry... Forgive me, Harry, I didn't mean to..." "Strangle me? Oh, I guess you just tripped and fell on my throat!" Harry was burning with anger. He was angry with Riddle for betraying him, attacking him for the umpteenth time if he counted the future, but he was mostly angry with himself for building a trust that could be betrayed; a hope. It had been going so well... or so he'd thought until now. He should have known there was no hope for someone like Voldemort. He fixed his crooked glasses and sucked in a shaky breath. "I can't do this." He climbed off Riddle and stood up, sparing one last look to the bound wizard bellow him whom he'd been trying not to hate (and almost succeeding)… He rushed out of the room. xXx Tom was lying there helplessly, left to the mess he'd been in physically and as well as the one in his head. He was as close to panicking as he could remember being, but he was Lord Voldemort, and Lord Voldemort Did. Not. Panic. When it became apparent that Harry wasn't coming back, he took a deep breath and considered his options. Like hell he was going to wait until someone found him, but the other option was just as fucking humiliating. His wand was lying by Avery's nightstand, about four meters away. He would roll barrels, but the beds were in the way, so he had to crawl in an undulating motion like a goddamn caterpillar. If Avery or Lestrange walked in on him, he'd go from the admired Lord Voldemort to Lord Crawldemort in an instant. He should have killed Potter just for this. Right, he almost killed Potter… or actually choked him unconscious and Obliviated him, as was his impromptu plan (afterwards he would have made Eleanor destroy the document, under Imperius if necessary, and Obliviated both her and Isaac), but that wasn't how it must have looked from Harry's perspective. To put it mildly, he was fucked, perhaps irreparably this time. He acted rashly, most unlike him, but he was faced with a threat to everything he'd built for himself and his first impulse was to deal with it immediately. In retrospect, he should have played it cool and waited for an unguarded moment. What had he done? Where had Harry gone? Feeling accordingly silly with his arse in the air, he finally reached his wand. He rolled over and positioned his hand over the familiar yew wood. Holding it at an awkward angle, it took a couple of tries before the magical bonds finally loosened under his Relashio. Now what? He go after Harry, try to appease him somehow, but he had no idea where the other wizard had gone; whatever he'd decided to do, he had at least a ten-minute head start. Had he run straight to a professor to report? If Tom played it right, maybe they wouldn't expel him, but… A chill ran down his spine. I can't do this, Harry said. Had he given up on Tom? Did that mean he was beyond salvation – his immortality attempts would fail and he'd be headed for an eternal punishment for what he'd inevitably end up doing? No! No, no, no, no- He ran out of the dormitory, earning himself a couple of alarmed looks by the Slytherins in the common room which he was in no state to give a damn about. He checked the Headmaster's office, Slughorn's office, the Great Hall, the library, the courtyards, the grounds, then broom cupboards, classrooms,… Tom had looked everywhere, but Harry was nowhere, nor had he told any of the professors, apparently. He hadn't come to lunch or dinner, his bed remained empty long after curfew. By the end of the day, Tom felt like he was going to lose his mind from the anxiety. xXx Harry was fed up with everything, disillusioned, disappointed. He was wondering lately why he hadn't been sucked into a time paradox yet, now he had his answer: the future hadn't been changed yet. He felt like he'd been living a lie these past few weeks, a foolish dream he had just woken up from. He'd though Riddle had been changing, reconsidering his values thanks to what Harry had told him, but the moment he felt threatened, he cast all that aside. Was it this killer instinct which had cost Myrtle Warren her life when she surprised Riddle by the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets? He's a murderer and he'll always be. Oh, how Harry hated this! He was starting to like Riddle… Tom. The bloke was funny and smart and, what the hell, bloody handsome, too. Now he felt like to protect many of his friends, he would have to kill one. Kill him. Harry wasn't sure he could. It was one thing to face the Dark Lord, a snake-like weapon of mass destruction, another to kill a sixteen-year-old boy with whom he'd joked, studied and lived for weeks. He couldn't cast the Killing Curse even in the first instance, how was he supposed to do it now? No! You must do it. For mum and dad, for Dumbledore, for Sirius, Remus, Fred, Tonks,… For everyone. He went for a long walk around the castle under the Cloak of Invisibility to gather up the courage. He lingered in all the most emotional spots: the Astronomy Tower, the lakeside, the Great Hall, he even went to the spot where the Shrieking Shack would later stand, everywhere he watched someone die in the war Voldemort caused. He went to see Myrtle, Hagrid and Dumbledore eat dinner, but he only stayed for a minute before he had to leave, because it meant watching Riddle eat dinner, too. He had that little crease to his eyebrows, obviously not it the best mood, and checked the door every few seconds. Was he expecting Harry to walk in? What would happen if he could see through his Cloak? Harry told himself he didn't want to know and carried on to the Entrance courtyard where the Custodes de Hogwarts memorial would have been. He paused by the second-floor lavatory. There was one decidedly deadly spell he could cast without problems, deadlier than Diffindo and far less messy than Reducto or Bombarda Maxima, plus it wouldn't have a counter-course for the next thirty years. It would be almost symbolic since that spell was invented by Severus Snape, a man the Dark Lord himself would have killed. You're a Gryffindor. Do what's right, worry later. Harry pulled out the Marauder's Map and his wand. "I solemnly swear I am up to no good." How morbidly true. Riddle's name was moving down the third-floor corridor. Was it his patrol night? Harry headed to the staircase, heart racing. Meanwhile, Tom walked into an empty classroom, then left promptly and repeated with the one next to it. When Harry turned the corner to get a visual, Tom was walking into the girls' loos. Huh, maybe that's how he'd found the Chamber, then? Girls' lavatories were his thing? Of course, Harry soon realised what really was going on: Tom was looking for him. He was now standing just a few feet behind the young Dark Lord and he could see he was distressed – he was even running his hand through his hair; a new gesture… a nervous one, Harry deduced. It didn't matter anyway; those rosy cheeks would soon turn ashen as the blood seeped out of his chest. Harry's hand was sweating. He was gripping at his drawn wand so hard his knuckle turned white. Tom had just walked into another classroom. Do it once he comes out! Harry waited, and sure enough, Tom stepped out seconds later. Sectumsempra! He thought the incantation, but his lips and wand remained still except for the shaking. His cheeks were wet. Oh, who am I kidding? He turned on his heel and ran away. He ran and ran, and before he knew it, he was by the Room of Requirement, hot tears still streaming down his face. I can't do this, I need to go home – please, let me go home! He felt a more urgent need than any other time he'd summoned the Room, but no door appeared. Harry remembered what he'd wished for the day he travelled through to the past and tried to summon the same room, but this time with Voldemort. Still no door. Desperate, Harry just wished for the same room. Three is the charm, as it seemed, because a door finally appeared, and yes, everything was the same, including the cup of tea… Not that it mattered, because he walked in, let the door close behind him, then immediately walked back out. With bated breath, he cast the Tempus Charm. Still 1943. Harry went back into the Room and collapsed into the armchair. He was stuck in the past and it would make no difference, because he was a fucking coward. Maybe that cuppa wasn't such a bad idea, although it was quite late- Oh, right! He fell asleep the first time around – maybe if he fell asleep again… His mind was too troubled, so before he managed to fall asleep, half the night had passed. When he woke up, it was to the sharp, midday sunlight. He cast the Tempus Charm as soon as he came to, his heart sinking at the sight: 11:13, 24 October 1943. He rubbed his face in frustration and considered what in Merlin's name he was going to do now. xXx Tom had a restless night, he'd been anxious, haunted by nightmares of hell and futile searching. He kept waking up throughout the night and peeked out of his curtains to check Harry's bed each time, to no avail – the sought-after Seeker wasn't there. He was staring into his bowl of cereals, pondering the meaning of life miserably, when Abraxas Malfoy leant towards him discreetly. "I see you have finally cursed the Potter nuisance, though it might attract attention if you keep him busy much longer." If looks could kill, Malfoy would have dropped dead on the spot. That posh son of a bitch was the only Knight with the guts to talk to Tom like this, he sometimes needed reminders that they weren't on the same level… The glare was apparently enough of a reminder this time, because Malfoy recoiled. "It is none of my business, of course, just showing my concern. People are starting to talk and besides, you… don't look so good, if I may say." No shit, Sherlock. "I appreciate your concern, Abraxas, but it's indeed none of your business." He rose and walked out; he hadn't had much appetite anyway. He headed to the library and tried to busy himself with schoolwork, but his focus kept slipping away. How was he supposed to live now? He felt like those prophets who peeked into their own future and went crazy… No! He was, objectively speaking, a genius – he always found a way. He would reflect and prove to the Fates that he was worthy! He would never slip up like he did yesterday! He would try and teach himself care about people – some sacrifices were not worth the gain… like Harry. He messed up so badly, he needed to fix it somehow- Needed… He stood up abruptly and ran to the staircase, the all the way up to the seventh floor. I need a room with Harry in it, I need a room with Harry in it, I need a room with Harry in it! xXx Harry jumped as the door swung open, but the sight that greeted him was even more surprising. A dishevelled and panting Tom Riddle stood there, his forehead glistening with sweat. Shit, Harry was about to find out what he'd do if he'd found him after all. He was on his feet the next second, "What-" Tom shot towards him, but he made no attempt to draw his wand. Harry was confused and about to get even more so, because next thing he knew, Tom had one hand wrapped around his forearm, the other resting on his chest, watching it raise and fall, then lifting his gaze to meet Harry's eyes. "You… you're really here," he breathed out. "I am… As much as I'd rather not be," Harry admitted, not quite succeeding to keep the bitterness out of his voice. Tom showed no signs of letting go – he was staring at him with wide, honest eyes, and Harry could feel that the hand on his chest was shaking. "I…" The Dark Lord himself at loss for words? "Please don't give up on me, Harry," he said in a low, serious voice – there was something desperate about it and it tugged at Harry's heartstring just a bit. "I don't know what came over me yesterday, I imagined everything I've build in the last few years crumbling and… I panicked. I swear I will never lose control like that again." He dropped his gaze to the hand which rested on Harry's sternum. His warm, elegant hand travelled up Harry's chest to his shoulder, the other joined it shortly after sliding up the arm it had been holding. Together, they reached the neck and their thumbs traced the bruises Harry only now realised he had. Tom sucked in a breath, caught Harry's eyes again and said firmly, "I swear I will never hurt you again." Hell, if this was an act, the bloke deserved an Oscar. He seemed so genuine with his brown doe eyes looking into Harry's all determined, his eyebrows raised in expectation and slightly curved with worry, his hands warm on Harry's shoulders. Why, oh why was Harry always so quick to trust, to sympathise, to love? He was quite certain it would only bring him pain in this case, but he did it anyway. He was overflowing with emotion and his whole body vibrated with the atmosphere of that moment – the moment felt right, the place felt right, so Harry decided to do what felt right and worry about the practicalities later like the Gryffindor he'd been telling himself to be. "Okay… I'm not going anywhere," he said softly and experimentally raised a hand to touch Tom's bare wrist. It was thin, smooth and so very human, not at all scaly or ashen, and Harry suddenly knew he needed more of that. It would have been easier to resist if Tom hadn't been looking at him like that – eyes intense, lips slightly parted and quivering, hands still gripping at his shoulders like he was scared Harry would be less real if he let go. Harry could relate since that was how he felt about this distinctly un-voldemortlike Tom… This distinctly kissable Tom, he thought as he leant in. xXx Tom had always found it annoying when his classmates wouldn't shut up about dating or when girls flirted with him – he was never interested in any and only saw girlfriends as potential weaknesses. Now, though, he understood what all that jazz had been about. Harry was kissing him… softly, carefully, as if waiting for a permission. To his own surprise, Tom eagerly gave it. He pulled Harry closer by the back of his neck and pressed against the silkiness of his lips. It was delightful. Like suddenly getting what he needed without realising he'd needed it… Like the whole of Harry. All that possessiveness Tom had been feeling lately came back at once – he wanted to mark the other wizard, bind him, make him his and unable to leave again… He contented himself with kissing him harder. The kiss turned breathier and open-mouthed, both wanting to deepen it but neither quite bold enough to involve tongues. Harry's hands found Tom's hips, Tom had one hand on Harry's jaw and slid the other into his thick black hair – that turned out to be the right thing to do, judging by Harry's reaction, which was to dig his fingers into Tom's hips and pull them flush against his own. … Or maybe it wasn't the right thing, because then they both got a feel ofthe gravity of the situation, and it was simply too much. They pulled away quite abruptly and were left staring at each other, suitably dishevelled and breathing shallowly. Before things could get more awkward, they were saved by Harry's vocally grumbling stomach… or Tom was saved; Harry was just absolutely mortified. His ears turned bright red, and Tom, possibly for the first time in his life, found something cute. "We should go grab something to eat," he said amusedly, "It's almost lunchtime anyway." "Er, yeah," Harry stammered, then practically ran for the door, but he was stopped by a hand around his wrist. "Wait." When he turned, Tom had his wand at his throat. He visibly stiffened and a hint of panic flashed in his eyes. "Episkey." The bruises on his neck gradually paled until only his honey-toned skin was left. Tom let go of him and made for the door himself, leaving the stunned wizard to gather his wits and follow after moment later.
So, that happened. Now Harry was even more confused – was it a good thing? It certainly felt good (better than, actually) and Tom seemed to like it just as much. Was Harry corrupting him after all? Or was Tom corrupting Harry? Wait, did this count as seducing Tom to achieve his ends? Should he be feeling like an arsehole? Merlin, Ron would go mental if he knew Harry went gay for Voldemort… Bollocks. Harry went gay for Voldemort. Holy shit, Voldemort went gay for Harry. It would take more than the walk from the Room of Requirement to the Great Hall for that sink in. To his relief, Tom was blissfully silent on the way down, he probably had some thinking to do as well… like why he hadn't cursed Harry when he had a wand to his neck inside an untraceable magical room. That and Harry's gut feeling was currently his best evidence that maybe what happened there was real, maybe there was still hope for Tom. He hadn't even seriously considered he could be into blokes before, but if he thought about it in retrospect, it made a weird sort of sense – he might have found Bill a little too cool when they met, he might have looked up to Oliver a little too much, he might have followed Malfoy's arse a little too literally last year... He might be bisexual, of course, but then again, it did seem rather suspicious that both of his ex-girlfriends just happened to be some of the most masculine girls he knew; athletic figures, flat chests, square faces, into Quidditch. He'd blamed the wishy-washy attempts at intimacy with Ginny on the pressure of his quest, then the post-war dreariness, but now he had to wonder… While he was both grieving the loss of his friends and on a quest at the moment, there had been nothing wishy-washy about that kiss. It was spontaneous and exciting and, bugger, this was going to end so badly, but Harry couldn't shake the feeling that he'd live for every second of it. He sure was living for every second of lunch. Since he didn't have any appetite yesterday due to his mental preparations to murder the person he ended up snogging today, he hadn't eaten anything since yesterday's breakfast – a bloody eternity, if you asked his stomach. He had an extra Quidditch practice in the afternoon, a drill session for the upcoming first match of the season against Gryffindor (yes, it felt like a treason), so he stuffed his face, deflected the curious questions of his housemates-who-weren't-Tom's-minions with an "I was summoned to the the Ministry to sort the inheritance, sorry I forgot to tell anyone," and left the Great Hall alone to grab his Quidditch uniform, eager to be in the air again – flying always helped him clear his head. Everything seemed so small from up there. So, he fancied men, no big deal – he died, like, four months ago and came back, only to be thrown over fifty years into the past. He was not going to have a fit over potentially liking cock. Potentially liking Tom Riddle's cock, on the other hand, was at least a medium-sized deal… In fact, from what Harry felt back in the Room of Requirement, it could very well be an above-average-sized deal, but that was beside the point and he'd appreciate if his brain kindly stopped bringing it up, thank you very much. But you know what? He thought he'd die today. He thought he'd die yesterday, and the week before. He was flipping eighteen and he'd already died a virgin once, the least he could do was to treat himself to a bit of fun. Who knows, he might even end up "defeating Voldemort with love" in a rather different fashion than Dumbledore had in mind… at least Harry bloody hoped that wasn't what he had in mind, for the sake of his sanity. Oh well, enough with the distractions – he had a Snitch to catch. xXx Tom had spent the afternoon in the library over his Arithmancy essay, though his gaze kept slipping to the window and towards the Quidditch pitch. It was very unlike him to be so distracted, but he couldn't help it, could he? It wasn't every day that he'd apparently successfully repented, found his lost angel and got his first kiss on top of that... The first kiss he'd let happen. It was so peculiar he'd eventually given up his half-hearted effort at schoolwork and simply sat back, watching the Quidditch pitch where he could vaguely see the silhouettes of the Slytherin team. Tom knew very little about the sport (only enough to make a conversation), he found chasing flying balls silly when one could use that time to master useful magic – a Muggle-raised student like him had had a lot of catching up to do. He could only guess which dot was Harry, but he watched anyway. He had mixed feelings about the new development. He'd thought himself above the frivolous crushes and foolish pining his classmates seemed so caught up in. He could recognise beauty or charm, but never actually felt attracted to the person possessing it, even his occasionally necessary masturbation was an impersonal, strictly physical act. He'd taken pride in his superior control, adding to his mental image of everyone else as "weak". This morning was quite the wakeup call; in fact, the whole weekend had been – so much had changed he didn't even know from which end to start processing it. First, he'd learned he was a half-blood, quite a shock, but after he'd given it more thought, it really wasn't that catastrophic if he played it well (as he always did). If Harry was right and Muggle blood didn't dilute magical power, there really was a hole in his philosophy and he should be glad to have caught it before it had done too much damage. That only made yesterday's slip-up worse; he'd done something regrettable for a petty reason and it easily could have been even worse – Harry saved them both when he broke himself free. Then, he gave Tom a second chance with a cherry on top; an unexpected but unexpectedly welcome cherry. It opened a hidden door to Tom's sexuality and possibilities he only just found out he might want to explore, but it was also a complication. For one, Harry was a man, and while the wizarding society in general wasn't as prejudiced as the Muggle one, the pureblood community (that Tom had mostly been associating with) was, since more acceptance would mean fewer heirs. If this and his blood status came to light, he'd lose a significant amount of the influence he'd been building. Wherever this thing between them went, Tom would make sure it wouldn't become a liability. Harry was valuable as a source of information and maybe excitement, Tom would not let it go beyond that – the tension between the British fractions, the war on the continent and the impending great war against Muggles, this wasn't a political climate to allow weaknesses. Speaking of, there was this last minor issue… He didn't know how much more experienced Harry was, but he sure as hell knew he wouldn't let him have all the initiative, despite being completely inexperienced himself. He was a leader, not someone to be led – if they were going to do this, he'd have to step up his game. He could make it… a side project. A secret little side project. Yes, that could work. xXx They'd seen each other again at dinner – it was surprisingly pleasant, not as awkward as Harry had feared. He smiled hesitantly at Tom upon arriving at the table, Tom gave a little smile back and asked conversationally about his Quidditch practice. Harry said it was good, that they were ready for the match, Fulcran (who'd made Beater) then proceeded to diss the Gryffindor players one by one, others had joined in and the conversation picked up from there… Except sometimes their eyes would meet and there would be this something in the air that hadn't been there before. Tension? Anticipation? He couldn't quite put his finger on it, he was just suddenly way more conscious of Tom's presence. They went back to the dungeons in a group and Harry had spent most of the evening doing last minute homework for Monday – man, being back at school after a year's break was a drag. It was Tom's patrol night, so Harry retreated to the privacy of his curtains and worked while occasionally checking up on the moving dot. As the time was nearing midnight, he'd seen Tom approach their room and heard the door click. He tucked away the scrolls and stretched from a long evening of hunching. He touched the Map with his wand, whispering "Mischief managed,"… …and literally a second later someone opened a crack in his curtains. Harry jerked in surprise, instinctively pointed the wand that was already in his hand at the intruder and simultaneously shot his left hand over the Map in a protective manner. Tom watched him with a raised eyebrow. "What's that?" he asked in a low voice as he very casually sat on Harry's bed and closed the gap in the curtains. "What's what?" "That," he pointed at the Map. Harry made his best impression of Hermione's are-you-daft face. "It's a piece of spare parchment." He turned to put it into his bag, but Tom snatched it from his fingers. "Great, I just ran out of mine, surely you won't mind sharing." He had a victorious glint in his eyes when Harry leapt to get it back. Tom blocked him with his shoulder, wand already out. "Revelio." They both watched as the black cursive blossomed across the parchment. Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Lord Voldemort, and begs him to slither his way out of other people's business. Mr. Prongst agrees with Mr. Moony, and would like to add that Lord Voldemort is a slimy wanker. Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that the anagram "I am Lord Voldemort" was chosen over the much more fitting "Mr. Molded Violator" and "Marmot Dildo Lover". Mr. Wormtail bids Lord Voldemort good day, and advises him to take his Knights of Well-poor-gits and sod off. Tom was staring at the parchment in bewilderment, Harry peaking over his shoulder, and it was all he could do not to burst into a fit of laughter. He settled for a muffled snicker, which had still earned him a dirty look. "Very mature." Harry grinned, "Oi, it's your own fault for stealing my stuff!" He snatched the Map back and put it into his bag, inwardly sighing in relief. Outwardly, he turned back to Tom just in time to see his wand coming to a stop from a movement. Did he just cast a spell? Harry hadn't noticed any difference and it made a knot of uneasiness swell in his stomach. "So, erm, what made you barge into my bed in the middle of the n-" He was silenced by Tom's lips. He stiffened for a moment before he remembered to kiss back, because what the hell, he wanted to. He let himself be pushed back, part lying, part sitting. Tom shifted to be on top of him with one knee between Harry's and one elegant hand propped against the headboard for support. He brought his other hand up to Harry's neck, running his thumb along his jawline and beneath to cup it, the slight pressure holding it in place. That casual little display of dominance was enough to send pleasant shivers down Harry's spine. He sighed minutely into the kiss, tentatively opening his mouth more. Now that he wasn't as overwhelmed as the first time around, he could truly savour the sensations; the softness of the kiss contrasting with the roughness of Tom's freshly shaven face where their faces happened to brush against each other, the sweet, soft lips and hot breath on his cheek – Harry had never felt anything so right. He let his hands wander, resting one on Tom's hip and running the other up his torso to eventually curl in his hair. It was every bit as silky as Harry had imagined it to be. At that, Tom's tongue finally asked for permission and Harry gladly granted it, connecting in a heavenly yet sinful dance; a slow, sweet, urgently sensual dance like the tango. It was about then that Harry had left all his caution behind and had completely given in to instinct. xXx Tom thought his midnight detour was going rather well when he heard Harry's sharp intake of breath. The next thing he knew, he was on his back with Harry on top, pressing wet kisses into his neck and rutting their hips together. Tom moaned into Harry's hair. He fucking moaned. Embarrassed by the sound (and very glad for having had cast the Privacy charm beforehand), he was determined to even the score. His right hand went pull on Harry's hip, his left to grip tightly at his hair, then he thrust upwards, grinding their cotton-covered erections against each other. He was rewarded by a most delicious grunt, accompanied by the arching of Harry's back. "Merlin…" he heard him whisper. Encouraged by the reaction and unbelievably turned on, Tom used the hand he had in Harry's hair to drag him up for another breathy kiss. The other slipped under Harry's shirt to get a feel of his bare body. It was lean and burning hot against his fingers, it made Tom want to fucking inhale the entirety of it… He did the next best thing and kissed Harry some more while rutting their hips together again. This wasn't like anything he'd ever felt – he knew accomplishment, pride, victory, revenge,… Never had he felt this alert, alive, conscious of every cell in his body, and still more surprisingly, someone else's body. Harry's body. Never had he needed something as urgently as he needed to touch that body now, except perhaps those few times he'd been attacked and needed to protect his bare life; that's right, just like then, he felt like he'd die if that need wasn't met. His hand travelled down Harry's side, savouring every curve of his ribs, the way they swelled with his breaths, then the firmness of his obliques. He reached the line of his pyjama bottoms and slowly threaded along it to the narrow gap between their bodies. Harry pulled away, propped on his elbow, and thank fuck for the Lumos charm, because wasn't he a sight to behold – his already unruly hair even more dishevelled, his face flushed and starting to shine with sweat, his lips wet and parted, but the best thing were his eyes, unobscured by glasses, the emerald green almost entirely consumed by the black of his blown pupils, watching Tom with wonder, anticipation, plead,… Without further ado, he slipped his hand past the waistband and wrapped it around the delightful hardness he'd found there. He was holding another man's cock and absolutely living for it. Damn. He moved his hand experimentally. Harry's eyes squeezed shut, he let out deep groan and dropped his head into the pillow beside Tom's, breath hot and ragged against his neck. xXx Harry was sure heaven must smell like shampoo, cologne and a hint of sweat. He involuntarily thrust into Tom's hand; he couldn't help himself, the sensation was that overwhelming. He was apprehensive of this turning too sexual too soon, but now that it was happening, he immediately wanted to return the favour. He wanted to touch Tom more, but he needed one hand to keep himself up, so he rolled them over so the both laid on their side facing each other. Yep, he was definitely gay… or he had some weird dark lord fetish. In any case, he couldn't imagine ever feeling like this with Ginny or Cho – namely, loving the way their hard cock fit into his hand, long and smooth and perfect. Then they both started moving their hands and Harry was lost in a consonance of low grunts, he wasn't even sure whose anymore. He pulled away once more to drink in the sight of Tom – if Harry had thought he was handsome before, this ruffled, blissed-out version was absolutely breath-taking. There was no way this beautiful man and the snaky terrorist from the future could be the same person, not in Harry's mind at least, not anymore. He was too close too soon, but it was literally out of his hands, so he just met those intense brown eyes as he picked up the pace, then leant in to kiss the younger wizard one last time… and he was coming, letting out a deep groan he would probably be ashamed of if his mind wasn't too busy having the best orgasm of his life, although it was functioning enough to register Tom's soft little whimper as he, too, reached his climax just seconds later. As he came down from his high, he found himself leaning against Tom's forehead. He pulled away to take a better look – the brunet was still catching his breath with his eyes closed. They were both still fully clothed, but their middle sections were a sticky mess – Harry couldn't bring himself to care, but he haphazardly waved his hand to vanish it anyway. When he looked up again, Tom was watching him back with a strange expression. Harry was hit with a sudden wave of self-consciousness. "What?" "…Nothing." Now, that pause suggested there was something, but Harry decided not to probe lest he tarnished this memory. "I was just thinking I should get back to my bed now, if we don't want the others to find out." "Right, okay." The implication was clear, but it wasn't like Harry wanted to tell them either. He watched Tom sit up and fix, getting ready to leave. The new-found anxiety was bubbling inside him though, so before he could think better of it, he caught him by his wrist. "Wait, so… is this, like, a thing now?" That was as eloquent as he could manage. After a few excruciatingly long seconds of silence, Tom, with his back still turned, said "Yes, I suppose it is." Something warm blossomed in Harry's chest. Then, just before Tom left, he met Harry's eyes one last time, smirking, and added, "Don't you dare cheat on me. I don't share." It was said in a light tone, as if joking, but Harry could sense the underlying truth of it, maybe even a hint of insecurity. Wow... so I guess possessiveness really is hot.
In contrast to the previous night, Tom woke up on Monday morning feeling well-rested and ready for… he didn't even know what anymore, not since Harry had come and turned his life upside down. The morning started out pretty normal though. He, Dalamar and Clarence Pebblestone started getting ready right after the general wakeup call while Harry and Fulcran snoozed until quarter to eight; not being a morning person was apparently a common trait to Quidditch players. They went to the Great Hall together (except for Pebblestone who was used to keeping his distance), complaining about Mondays or otherwise chit-chatting. Harry was sitting opposite to Tom at breakfast, nothing unusual there. He was talking to Avery about the spell they were supposed to practice for today's Transfiguration class, Tom was eating a toast in silence, when suddenly he felt something warm touch his calf. Thinking it was just someone stretching their legs, he instinctively moved it out of the way, but it was blocked on the other side, too. He looked up at Harry, who was still chatting casually with Dalamar, though when he met Tom's eyes, the corners of his mouth twitched… That utter tosser. He closed in, now touching Tom's calf on both sides, and started slowly sliding his left ankle up. Salazar help him – Harry was playing footsie with him in the middle of the Great Hall. He didn't know whether to be amused or appalled. As he was coming to understand, Harry never did things by halves – once he set his mind on something, he was a man on a mission. At the moment, the mission was apparently teasing Tom to the point of insanity. Over the next few days, he never missed an opportunity to brush their fingers while handing him ingredients in Potions, rest his knee against Tom's under the table or throw him one of those warm little smiles. It kept Tom on edge, wondering if this wasn't too risky after all, but he wasn't someone to back away from a challenge… So, he gave as good as he got. When Harry was doing the footsie thing again during the dinner on Wednesday, Tom actually slipped out of his shoe to trail his foot along Harry's inner thigh and eventually press it to his crotch, all the while innocently eating a pudding, registering only the satisfying hitch in Harry's breath. He kept his foot there, stroking gently, and when he finally looked up, Harry was sporting a most delicious blush, looking much too interested in the apple pie on his plate. Tom was yanked into a broom closet on their way to the library (honestly, he was kind of expecting it). "You complete wanker! That was just evil!" Harry chided, but he was snogging Tom breathlessly against the wall seconds later. As an apology, Tom kissed him back just as fiercely while undoing their belts and enclosing both of their cocks in his right hand. Harry moaned into his mouth, and Tom wanted nothing more than to watch him come undone by his hand again. …Tom always got what he wanted. xXx It was Friday, Tom's patrol night, and Harry had been restless since dinner. He'd spent the week exploring his newfound attraction to Tom, and he was, quite frankly, hooked. It was a bizarre thing to be in his situation, but then again, his whole situation was bizarre. Would Tom pay him a visit again? The memory from the dusty closet was still burning in the back of his mind, and while apprehensive, now that he'd gotten a taste, he was eager to try more. He couldn't wait, but it was only quarter to eleven. Screw this. He literally couldn't wait. He put on the Cloak and sneaked out of the room. Tom, being a Slytherin prefect, would usually patrol the lower levels. The ground floor was too risky with both the staff room and the caretaker's office being located there, the dungeons were a popular place for students to sneak out to, but the first floor was usually perfectly serene at night – the History of Magic corridor was apparently so boring even portraits didn't want to hang(out) there. It had no hiding places, but Harry didn't really have worry about getting caught by the prefect, did he? In fact, he just got a brilliant idea – for once, the hunter would become the hunted. xXx Tom was walking down the silent corridor, trying to come up with new, more durable incantations for the Levitation Charm. Could one cast it on themselves to fly without a broom? Suddenly, a strong push from the side threw him off balance and against the wall… A wall covered in a powerful Sticking Charm, as he found out when he attempted to move. Pretty much everything was stuck – his back, his arms, his hair, the part of his right leg where the robe flew open,… like a giant fly on a paper strip. Adrenalin shot through his veins, heart beating fast and magic flaring in the self-preservation instinct. "Relax, it's me," a familiar voice whispered in his ear. Hold up. "…Harry? What the hell are you doing here?" Invisible hands ran down his torso and gripped at his waist. They rested there for a moment, then travelled to his buckle and worked on undoing it. Tom's eyes widened. "Surely you don't plan to, here… Are you insane?" "Yes," Harry's voice said without missing a beat. One detached hand came into view, pulling Tom's trousers and pants as far down as the Sticking Charm allowed, his warm fingers gently stroking the newly uncovered skin. Tom hated his body for reacting, because he was a goddamn prefect with his dick out in the middle of a very public corridor… and also because he was Tom Riddle being stuck to a wall, completely in Harry's mercy. He heard a small thud of something heavy dropping to the floor and had about two seconds to wonder what that was about before he learned exactly what it was about, and consequently became unable to wonder about anything at all. xXx Feeling equal parts eager and nervous, Harry used his free hand to lift the cape out of the way without revealing his face in the angle of Tom's gaze. The cock in his other hand was now almost fully erect and even prettier from up close: a pink, symmetric head on a thick body, stemming from a base of thin, dark hair. Harry wondered if wanting to stuff it in his mouth was the standard gay response to penises. He gathered up his courage and gave it the first, tentative lick. It… just tasted like skin with a hint of salty sweat, although there was this musky element to it that did strange things to his brain. Emboldened, he took the whole head in his mouth – he was really glad he had the Cloak shielding him from view, he was self-conscious enough without the added worry about how he looked while doing this. Tom was watching anyway, as much as his Stuck hair allowed him. From his point of view, it must have looked like his cock was disappearing into thin air. Harry slowly slid further down the length, glancing up for the reaction. It was gorgeous; Tom's eyes fluttered shut and a low sigh escaped his mouth. This was a really weird angle, how could his face still look so perfect? Mild candlelight danced on his skin, a couple of dark curls hung over his forehead. Harry did his best to relax his throat and leant forward – he wanted to take it all in, let it stretch him and fill him, but most importantly, he wanted to see Tom react like this. He still had about two inches left when his gag reflex kicked in, tears welling up in his eyes, and he just barely stopped himself from actually gagging. He pulled back and closed his hand around the base instead, pumping it and focusing his tongue on the tip. "Mmm, Harry, that's… fuck…" That was the first time Harry had heard Tom swear, and it was such a contrast with his usual composed self that it went straight to Harry's aching-hard cock. Unable to hold back anymore, he reached down to touch himself while sliding up and down Tom's length, finding a rhythm and meeting each dive of his head with a stroke, at which delightfully dirty noises escaped Tom's mouth; low grunts, breathless gasps, a muttered word here and there. At some point, the Sticking Charm must have worn out; it wasn't particularly long-lasting; because he felt a touch on his head. xXx Tom was finally free, and thank Merlin for that, because he was just dying to see, to bury his hands into Harry's hair and thrust deep into that hot, pliant mouth. He felt for the cape and pulled in off, revealing the most amazing sight: Harry's moonlit face, glasses crooked, cheeks flushed and wet with tears, enthusiastically sucking Tom's cock in. Hell, it took all his self-control not to come from that sight alone. He snaked both of his hands into Harry's hair and met his movement with a thrust. Harry moaned around his member and lifted his glassy eyes to meet Tom's. That was all it took. "I'm…fuck, I'm close," he ground out, trying to pull Harry off, but the other wizard just stiffened, groaned, sheathed Tom's cock in that divine heat one more time… and Tom's entire groin area exploded with the heat of his orgasm, one hand flying up to muffle the groan that forced its way out of him as he came down Harry's throat. He slumped against the wall, riding out the high, and absently ran his fingers through the wild black locks, this time more gently, as if trying to sooth the coughing he'd caused. Idiot, why haven't you pulled off? Then he noticed the beads of white liquid glistening on the floor where Harry's Invisibility Cloak fell open. Harry liked sucking my cock so much he got off on it. Now wasn't that a lovely thought? He sighed, "Merlin, Harry… You'll be the death of me one day." He didn't honestly think it was so funny, but it made Harry choke even more, the cough now combined with laughter. He scrambled to his feet, still laughing, "You said it," he managed to get out in a raspy voice. The eyes of his bodiless face met Tom's, still glinting playfully, "Now, Mr. Prefect, shouldn't you be escorting stray students to their dorms?" then he gasped dramatically and made a mock-horrified face. "Will you be taking points?" Tom sighed exasperatedly and flicked the cape of Harry's cloak over his head, rendering him fully invisible again. "Let's just go," he said and started walking towards the dungeons. "How did you even get one of those? I thought they were supposed to be rare and expensive." "It was an in-… er, a gift," Harry's sourceless voice replied. "From my father." "I see… sorry for asking." "Don't worry about it." Giving his teenage son an Invisibility Cloak… It made Tom wonder what kind of man Harry's father must have been. Harry didn't really fit into the stereotype of a spoiled pureblood though – so much was strange about him… A thought emerged on his mind. "Harry, you said your knowledge of me comes from my past and future memories, correct?" "Yeah...?" "How did you know I was a half-blood? Would I have found out later?" He couldn't be sure that Harry had known and waited if he would call his bluff, but he didn't. There was a pause. "Yes." "Do you know if my father's still alive?" An even longer pause. "Does it matter?" Did it? "Not really." Maybe. "Right." He felt a cloth-covered hand close around his and squeeze gently. "I… guess if he was worth meeting, you wouldn't be spending the summers where you do." Tom had thought those words many times, of course, but they carried a strange sense of finality from Harry's lips – it made him feel like he was truly better off without his biological family. They were almost in the earshot of the portraits in the Tapestry Corridor, so the conversation cut off, but Harry didn't let go of his hand all the way to the dungeons. It was silly, but… also kind of nice.
The first Quidditch match of the season, traditionally Gryffindor versus Slytherin, took place the next day; not that it usually affected Tom, but this year was different. Harry had been inexplicably grumpy since morning; not nervous, not ill, just in a foul mood. Tom couldn't understand why, the weather was ideal and he was usually so passionate about flying. He just hoped it had nothing to do with last night or him in general, though he wouldn't admit the slight insecurity even to himself. Now that he'd gotten (and thoroughly enjoyed) one blow job, he sincerely hoped it wasn't the last, but that didn't stop him from being mildly irritated by having Harry lead the way again. Hufflepuffs would say stuff like "Sex is not a competition," well, it was to him – in every relationship, there was always the stronger and the weaker side, the dominant and the submissive, the leader and the follower. Tom was never the latter; not if he could help it. Sexual attraction was such a strange thing, it came out of the blue and made even the most disciplined individuals distracted, turned even the most reserved into perverts – Tom was speaking from experience. He hadn't made any progress with the Ministry or his research projects and just barely maintained his academic excellence, because apparently Harry's every word, smile or action were now the priority for his brain. Worst of all, he was flooded with such a load of friendly hormones that he was struggling to bring himself to care – he blamed it on his teenage body. The only logical (though however distasteful) solution he could come up with was to wait it out. So, he went to see the match. Harry took to flying like a duck takes to water, even an outsider like Tom could tell – not that he showed it off before the final chase, most of the time he would just hover above one of the towers and dodge Bludgers while scanning the air. Fifty minutes into the game, the teams had been almost tied with Slytherin leading by just one goal 110 to 100. Tom had actually become absorbed in it (he never said it was completely boring, just that it was a waste of time), so he only caught the movement from the corner of his eye. When he fully registered it, he saw Harry falling… no, deliberately shooting towards the ground. "And Potter dives! Did he spot the Snitch?" the commentator's voice boomed. But Harry wasn't stopping, not fifteen metres above the ground, not ten metres… Tom's stomach lurched and his hand instinctively grasped the wand in his pocket, but just when it looked like he would surely crash, Harry pulled powerfully on his broom, levelling it with the ground, and then it was just one loop around the goal basket's base before he had the Golden Snitch in his hand. "Harry Potter catches the Snitch after a hair-raising dive! What a show, ladies and gentlemen! Slytherin wins today's match by 160 points!" The Slytherin tribunes burst into a deafening sea of cheers. Tom usually hated that, but now he was feeling a twisted sense of pride, because they were cheering for Harry; his Harry, his angel, his… were they boyfriends? What a strange thing to say about himself – "boyfriend" was never on the list of titles he'd aspired to earn, yet no matter how he looked at it, that's what he was now. The players got off their brooms and started flocking around Harry, patting his back, giving him high-fives, Fulcran even wrapped his arm around his shoulders and shook him excitedly. Now, that wasn't fun anymore; it made Tom want to curse the bastards who touched what was his. He wouldn't, though. Since he apparently wouldn't be achieving immortality, he had a record for the afterlife to worry about. Plus, Harry would hate that, and he wouldn't willingly risk the consequences his hormone-propelled body would bestow upon him if Harry left again; just the idea of it sent cold shivers down his spine. Patience, wait it out… and meanwhile, if you want it, take it – like you always do. He retrieved a small piece of parchment from his bag and dictated a short message that magically etched itself on it. He Transfigured it and sent it on its way. ͛ Harry was heading from the pitch with the rest of his teammates, happy to have won the game but still a little bitter about having won it for Slytherin. A buzzing to his right caught his attention. With his Seeker reflexes still on, he easily spotted the source – it was a bumblebee. It circled around his head twice, then flew straight into his collar. Harry yelped and swatted it with his hand. "You okay, mate?" asked Kevin Planck, the team captain. "Yeah, just a fly," he said, feeling the spot for poor insect. Instead, he found something flat and smooth. Frowning, he pulled it out – it was a folded piece of parchment. He turned away to read it discreetly. Good flying today. For a special reward, wait in the locker room until everyone's gone. T. All the bitterness was instantly forgotten – just the mental image of what that could mean was giving Harry a semi; he didn't know how he'd survive the showers. When he lifted his eyes back to Kevin, the Beater was grinning mischievously. "Ooh, getting fan mail already? Lucky bastard, and she's good at Transfiguration, too – could come in handy if she's ugly," he wiggled his eyebrows. Harry shot him a dirty look and ribbed him with his elbow, but he was quite sure his face was as red as a beet. He deliberately took his time undressing, he was the last to get into the showers (thank Merlin for stalls), and even there he dragged it out, trying hard not to think of anything hard in case it made his already embarrassingly hard situation even harder. With just a towel wrapped around his waist, he opened the door to the locker room with both anticipation and trepidation. It was empty. He sighed, part relieved, part disappointed, and adjusted the situation that had been trapped uncomfortably under the towel. "Eager, aren't we?" Tom was standing beside the closing door which had previously blocked him from view, smirking. Harry was caught by surprise and didn't know what to say to that. Thankfully, he didn't have to say anything as Tom locked the door, closed the distance and occupied his mouth otherwise. He kissed gently, leisurely, kissing away the surprise. His elegant hands ran down Harry's bare chest and stomach, eventually coming to cup the bulge in his groin. "Just thinking about me makes you this hard?" he hummed in Harry's ear, squeezing lightly and earning himself a soft moan. Harry's hands in turn found the firm globes of Tom's arse, grabbed at them and used the leverage to pull him flush against himself. He laughed into the side of his neck, "The pot calling the kettle black." He was pushed back until the his calves met the bench and with nowhere else to back away to, he fell into a sitting position, the cock he had been sucking less than twenty-four hours ago at his eye level once more. He would be more than happy to do it again and was already reaching up to undo the buckle, but it dropped, together with the rest of Tom. Tom Marvolo Riddle, willingly kneeling before Harry Potter in a humble locker room. It was almost therapeutic. He was watching in wonder as the other wizard undid the sole piece of cloth keeping Harry from being stark naked. They've caught glimpses of each other (naturally, since they were rooming together), but this was… different. Intimate. Tom's expression was confident, but his hands were shaking; it was becoming Harry's favourite of all the small telling gestures – seeing Tom agitated was strangely adorable. He couldn't help but thread his fingers through those dark brown wavy locks gently. "You know, you don't have to, just because I did it yesterday… if you're uncomfortable-" "No, I want to," he said so insistently it made Harry's heart skip a beat… Or maybe it was the touch Tom had finally bestowed upon his rock-hard cock. Mesmerised, Harry slid his hand lower, so its thumb was grazing Tom's lower lip. Recalling the Great Hall incident from earlier that week, he shifted his right leg to provide his length with some friction. "You want to suck my cock?" He let his thumb brush across that perfect mouth, feeling on edge just from the thought of it around his member. He forced himself to stop in case Tom was actually planning to answer the question. Sweet Merlin, he was. He met Harry's eyes with his beautiful, predatory brown ones, an amused smirk playing on his lips. "I want to suck your cock, Harry." He leant in at that, not even bothering with caution – he just devoured as much of it as he could before he would choke; Harry wasn't exactly small either. Harry groaned, letting his head fall back and gripping at the bench for dear life, even as Tom started moving. He kept staring unseeingly into the ceiling for a while, simply savouring the hot, wet, incredible sensation and trying not to come from it embarrassingly soon. But then he realised he was probably missing out on quite a spectacle, so he dared look down. Big mistake… the best mistake of his life. The upside: Tom Riddle was actually sucking his cock and looking bloody gorgeous while doing it. The downside: He was now seconds from coming. "W-wait!" he pushed Tom off by his shoulder, his breaths shallow. For a second, there was a look of genuine confusion on the other wizard's face. "Sorry, it's just… too good," he bent down to drag Tom into a heated kiss. Once he felt the crisis had blown over, he straightened again, carding his fingers delicately through Tom's silky hair, keeping it there even as he felt the hot heaven return to his cock. "Mmm, so good… You're doing… so well," he coaxed, running the hand back and forth in gentle caresses. "You look so perfect like that." Tom looked up at him and Harry was suddenly afraid he'd said too much, but there was no reprimand in those eyes, they were just gloriously lustful. Reluctantly, as if he'd been resisting the urge, Tom retreated the right hand he'd been resting on Harry's thigh, reaching down to his own pants, moaning softly as he did. Encouraged by the reaction, he kept on. "You like it when I talk, eh? Well, I like what you're doing with your mouth, too," he couldn't stop a grunt from escaping his mouth, "Yeah, take it, it's all yours." Tom's eyes fluttered shut and his breath hitched – that last part specifically seemed to be doing it for him. Harry remembered his suspicion about Tom being the jealous type, and grinned mischievously. He didn't even know where it was coming from, that he had it in himself, but "You own it, you can, ahh, do whatever you want with it… You could do whatever you want with the rest of me – it's all yours, too." Tom's fingers dug into his flesh as he shuddered, practically purring around his cock, and Harry was near again. "Tom… I'm-." The warning didn't register for a second too long, because when the brunet eventually pulled back, it was to have Harry's seed sprayed all over his flushed face, some even landed in his hair. Harry's hands shot to his own horrified face. "Shit, I'm so sorry!" He was, but he also wasn't; Tom's handsome startled face covered with Harry's cum had to be the hottest thing he'd ever seen – hell, he'd probably never masturbate to anything else from now on. He had about four blissful seconds to burn the image into his memory before the other wizard remembered himself and pulled out his wand to spell the mess away – to Harry's relief, there was also some on the floor, suggesting his fist attempt at sex talk couldn't have been too awful, though his own words were making him blush now that he'd replayed them in his head. It hit him that he was still embarrassingly nude, so he hurried to address that. He stood up too quickly, though – his head spun and he staggered, feeling like an idiot. Warm arms wrapped around his waist and steadied him. "Er, thanks," Harry mumbled into the taller wizard's shoulder. When he looked up, there was an odd expression on Tom's face – softer than he'd ever seen him make… beautifully, dangerously so. Harry didn't know how to handle it, so dropped his gaze and he turned away to get dressed. Tom meanwhile schooled his mussed hair into its usual deep brown perfection. Then, they set out on their way back to the castle. A few minutes into the walk, something caught Harry's attention. A Thestral herd came into sight to their left, in the direction of the Groundkeeper's Hut. There were at least fifteen of them, with two foals hopping playfully in the grass. They reminded Harry of Luna – maybe she was right, there was something beautiful about every creature… Like how these spooky, bony carnivores could simultaneously appear so peaceful. "What are you looking at?" He turned to Tom, who was watching him curiously. "Just the Thestral herd." Is he blind? They're right here. A realisation dawned on him as soon as he ďsaid it – Tom could't see Thestrals, he hadn't seen death, let alone caused it. Harry's chest tightened; he inwardly swore he would keep, protect, Tom from seeing them. "You were there when… your parents?" the younger wizard asked softly. That's not really it, but "Yes." "Harry, that's-" "Okay. It happened, nothing you can do about it." Exactly. Do nothing and they'll live. Harry checked the surroundings to make sure nobody was around, then threaded his fingers through Tom's, watching their hands intertwine. He stroked the warm skin he'd found under his thumb and lifted his gaze to meet Tom's with an unusual solemnity. "I really, really hope you'll never get to see them." Tom had that strange look about him again. He simply nodded and squeezed Harry's hand in acknowledgement before they had to separate again, walking the rest of the way in a contemplative silence.
They were returning from dinner when Harry heard it. "No, please… please, let me go!" A whimper coming from behind the door of their room. "You are a disgrace to house Slytherin, you filthy blood traitor! Diffindo!" A pained scream followed. Harry had a wand in his hand in less than a second, rushed through the rest of the corridor and slammed the door open. "Expelliarmus!" he shouted immediately, disarming the offender first before pausing to assess the situation. Clarence Pebblestone was cowering on the floor, wandless and clutching his cut arm, before Abraxas Malfoy, who was now wandless as well. Fulcran Lestrange, Dalamar Avery and Christopher Nott were all standing aside, presumably backing Malfoy up. "The hell are you doing, Malfoy?!" Harry growled. Damn, the nostalgia. "I am defending the good reputation of our house. What are you doing, meddling in prefect matters?" he sneered in a distinctly Malfoyish manner that had always made Harry's blood boil. "Prefect matters?! You-" "Abraxas, explain," said Tom's cool voice from behind him. "Gladly. Turns out books are not the only thing this sissy likes – he is also into filthy Mudbloods. Namely, Claire Jenkins the Hufflepuff." "You cut him for dating a Muggleborn?! Are you mental?!" Abraxas kept looking expectantly at Tom. "This has gone on long enough. It is beyond me why you even keep him around, but you should at least teach your pet blood traitor his place." Harry turned to Tom as well, eyes aflame. "You side with him?!" We talked about this, their warning glint seemed to say. Seconds dragged while everyone's attention rested on Tom, who remained silent for a long moment. Finally, he took up the same regal air as Harry remembered from the Knight meeting, and said gravely: "It has come to my attention that Muggleborns are in fact not detrimental to our Cause, and therefore shall not be persecuted by us. Leave Pebblestone be." There were several sharp intakes of breath in the room, though one unmistakably belonged to Malfoy. The seventh year straightened his back and set his jaw, fuming. "It has come to my attention that your Cause no longer coincides with the interests of house Malfoy," he spat and stormed out of the room. "And house Nott," said Christopher, who promptly followed suit. Tom raised an expectant eyebrow at Fulcran and Dalamar. Dalamar immediately bowed his head in silent submission – he must be very loyal to Tom personally, Harry thought. Fulcran didn't look so sure, but he eventually allowed, "The cause is above everything… although an explanation would be appreciated." "I am aware, and I shall explain in a meeting tonight – same as usual, but Aaron brings Tristan and Isaac, Maxmilion will arrive with me beforehand. Pass the information to the others." The boys nodded in acknowledgement and retreated from the room. Harry was already crouching by Clarence, helping him up. When he noticed Tom was staring at him, he gave him a reassuring smile. You did the right thing, he tried to comprise in it. Tom's expression didn't brighten at all. In the same, serious voice, he said, "You come, too." The younger wizard then turned on his heel and left without another word. xXx What have I done? His mind was in such a turmoil that his inner monologue turned into a dialogue. It was inevitable. But it cost me the two most influential followers, maybe more. The ideology was faulty, you couldn't have avoided that revelation. I certainly would have told them differently, manipulate them into cooperating anyway. But you couldn't have done anything else. Harry was there. What does Harry have to do with that? He promised himself he'd never allow his fling with Harry to stand in the way of his plans. Had he acted rashly because Harry was there? That was inexcusable! Yet the idea of what would have happened if he'd taken Malfoy's side… It sent chills down his spine. What's wrong with me? Nevertheless, he had to come up with an emergency plan for the Knight meeting. He couldn't tell them he was a half-blood himself, that would have made them think he was twisting the facts in his favour… He needed data to support his change of heart. He was in for a taxing couple of hours. xXx Harry was waiting by the already summoned Room of Requirement, feeling quite out of place with Maxmilion Dolohov eyeing him curiously. Finally, they heard footsteps echo from the direction of the Great Staircase, and Aaron Morgenstern's group came into view. Together, they walked in, Harry taking the seat that had previously been Abraxas's. "I am sure you've all heard of today's events," Tom began once they were seated. Most of the Knights nodded. "As I implied, I have discovered new facts that have changed the direction of our future efforts significantly. The Cause, of course, stands – the ultimate survival of the Wizarding population. However, it has been suggested by Harry Potter, who is hereby initiated as your fellow Knight of Walpurgis…" Harry nodded to the others awkwardly. Am I a Death Eater now? "… that a dangerous misinformation has spread among the British wizarding circles. My subsequent research, though cut short by today's incident, has confirmed this theory." He spread out a set of parchments covered in handwritten notes on the table. "I have found that Muggle blood not only does not dilute magical power, it actually lowers the chances of a Squib or otherwise impaired offspring, as illustrated by the family trees here," he pointed to one of the parchments, "and the list of the most magically powerful wizards with their respective blood statuses here. "The Muggleborns also represent a significant portion of the manpower necessary for the continued prosperity and defensibility of wizardkind. Therefore, we shall instead push for their best possible assimilation and concentrate our efforts purely on the cultural separation from Muggles." He looked around the completely silent room with a solemn expression. "Sadly, two of you have shown today that they valued their prejudice over the Cause and had left our circles. I trust no one else wants to follow in their footsteps…" He raised his eyebrows in a silent challenge and took care to meet the eyes of each Knight. Nobody moved to leave or demur. Wow, he can be really persuasive. "Very well. If you have any questions, ask them now… Yes, Dalamar?" "How are we expected to treat Mud-, I mean, Muggle-borns now?" "With respect and helpfulness, obviously. We need them to integrate well into out society and never think of returning to their Muggle ways." Some of the boys appeared a bit uncomfortable, but no one spoke up. "If that's all… Feel free to do your own research in case you still have doubts. I would also like to stress the importance of the upcoming Slug Club Christmas party; use any means necessary to gain connections, we need to compensate for the loss of houses Malfoy and Nott – our new ways might appeal to a different sort of influential wizardfolk. Meeting dismissed." xXx Tom was lying in his bed later that night, staring blankly into the curtain. His body was tired, but his mind wouldn't let him sleep. His new policy was just what was best for the Wizarding World, it had nothing to do with the Muggle-borns themselves, did it? He wouldn't care if he had to oppress "innocents" to achieve a greater good, would he? What would Harry think? Wait, why does it matter? Speak of the devil – he caught the movement of his curtains as the newly knighted wizard slipped in and whispered a Privacy Charm. Tom didn't even bother to roll over. "Not today, Harry, I'm tired." "Oh, er, no, I just came to talk." The other wizard invited himself to the bed anyway. He settled behind Tom and laid a hand on his shoulder, stroking lightly, as one would when trying to sooth someone. Tom was not some upset schoolgirl and felt silly in the position, but he didn't move away, because… because… Why wasn't he moving away? Why was Harry's touch so bloody irresistible? He sighed, "Couldn't it wait until morning?" "No," the stroking stopped for a second, then resumed, "Maybe, but I really wanted to tell you now. You were brilliant today. You did the right thing." His heart sped up – it wasn't the first time he noticed that occurrence lately. He didn't believe any of what happened today was beneficial for his goals, why did those words make him feel as if he'd actually accomplished something? "If the angel says so." "…You don't believe it?" Tom finally rolled over to see Harry. There was no Lumos this time, so he only discerned the outlines of his face in the dark, but he could tell that he was frowning. "I do. Anything that will help us in the war is the right thing." Harry sighed, "Why are you so set on having a war?" "Harry, I am a Slytherin and you know better than anyone exactly how much I don't want to die – I don't want the war, I just think it's inevitable and aim to maximise our chances. In fact, Grindelwald's about to start it anyway." "… I don't think it's inevitable." Oh, here we go. Tom's head was starting to hurt after the long day. Wait, doesn't that mean he knows Grindelwald won't start it? "We can't hide forever. Especially not with such a lousy Statute protection and the progress Muggles are making with their technology." "Exactly – can't we just hide for long enough? The Muggle society… it's changing, I think it will even more after their world war is over. It's growing more humane and accepting, if we could just remain hidden a century of two more… maybe we could simply come out." You naïve fool. "Harry, that-" "Think about it, Tom." Harry's voice was resolute. "What is the wizard to Muggle ratio?" "I… don't know exactly." "It's about one to ten thousand… Do you really think, with whatever precautions you take, that one wizard could fight off ten thousand Muggles in a war?" "That's why we need immortality-" "Which is not achievable," finished Harry firmly. A heavy silence stretched for a long moment. "You think we don't stand a chance," Tom breathed out, the devastating prospect turning his insides cold. "I think we have a better chance waiting than initiating a conflict." Harry brought a hand to the base of Tom's neck, keeping it there. "Sorry, I didn't mean to trouble you even more after today, it's just…" He closed in and laid a chaste kiss on Tom's lips while stroking his hair where it met the bare skin. "It made me really happy when stood up for Clarence… and me." The hand squeezed gently before it let go as Harry got up to leave. "Goodnight, Tom." As soon as Tom was alone, he realised he missed the distracting voice and touch, because without it, he was fully exposed to the anxiety coiling in his stomach – a similar one as he'd felt when he felt threatened, though this time, there was the added sense of powerlessness. No matter how he thought about it, like a hot iron, the truth of those words burned in the back of his mind. Damn Harry Potter, nothing's been going according to the plan since he'd appeared. Tom fucking hated him – he hated how righteous Harry acted, he hated how Harry disproved his principles, he hated how he craved Harry's touch, and most of all, he hated how a progressively louder voice in his head kept whispering that he didn't hate Harry at all. What the fuck are you doing to me?
A week went by relatively peacefully – after the Malfoy incident and their consequent conversation, Tom became more broody when they were alone, but he would still spend time with Harry and exchange handfuls or mouthfuls of pleasure during their late night visits. As far as Harry could tell, Tom had been on his best behaviour – he actually seemed progressively less devilish and more devilishly handsome every time Harry had looked. Unsurprisingly, the word of the incident had spread like Fiendfyre – some of the more bigoted Slytherins distanced themselves and started throwing them indignant glares, which was unpleasant, but more than compensated for by the large number of people from all houses who seemed impressed by the clear pro-Muggle-born stance. New friends ("allies", Tom called them) approached them, mostly through Harry as he had been the one who stood up for Clarence. The rumour must have reached the staff, too, because he repeatedly noticed Dumbledore eyeing them pensively during the meals and Transfiguration classes. The height of it had been the Slug Club party – Tom was all smiles and clever courtesy (Harry couldn't decide if he wanted see Tom in the formal robes all the time or rip them off him on the spot). Fleamont unfortunately couldn't make it as he was on a business trip in the United States, but Harry didn't mind, because they spent the evening having a pleasant chat with Septimus Weasley. It was disconcerting. It was going too well. If Tom had been reformed, why was Harry still here? Shouldn't he at least have noticed some change? His scar disappearing or some other freaky sign… The lack of it made him feel like he'd been dreaming, in danger of waking up any minute. Was he just falling for one of Tom's infamous illusions? Could he be this good an actor? Would he go this far? The possibility of it made Harry's heart sink. At this point, there was no denying he was falling in one way or another – even Harry couldn't be that oblivious after hardly thinking about anything but the man for weeks on end… He just didn't know whether it was falling in love or falling from grace. One Tuesday night, the 14 of December, found Harry shirtless in Tom's bed, absently drawing circles into the other wizard's wrist with his thumb, uneasiness swelling in his chest. After their little stunt in the locker room, Tom seemed to have owned up to his possessiveness, which (among other things) manifested as the habit of pulling Harry into a tight embrace for a while after they'd finished their less innocent activities. Had it been in anyone else, Harry was sure he'd hate the trait, but he just found it endearing about Tom – knowing where he'd come from, it made sense for him to be like that. "I've been thinking," he started reluctantly. "What about?" He could feel Tom's lips moving against his hair. "You usually stay here over the Christmas, right?" "Yes?" "Then I'm staying, too," Harry said and turned to see his face. "Unless you'd like to come over?" Tom frowned, "You live with your aunt and uncle." "Yeah, they're really nice." "That's not what I mean. You know my resources are limited, I can't just-" "I'm sure they'd understand, but if you think it would make you uncomfortable, I'm not forcing you… It was just a suggestion." Tom stared at Harry's face, one of those strange, thoughtful looks he'd started giving him recently. "I'd rather stay at Hogwarts," he said finally. "Alright," Harry nodded, not quite ready to let go of those dark eyes, darker still in the dim, intimate light of Lumos. There was a pause, then, "Harry… Is there anything you want for Christmas?" Harry blinked in surprise, "You'd bother to get a gift for me?" Tom smirked amusedly. "I've bothered to do a lot for you lately, haven't I?" he let his hand slide down Harry's spine to the small of his back, resting there warm and heavy. Merlin, please don't let all this be fake. A confirmation, that's all I want! Suddenly, he got an idea. "I'd… actually like for you to do something for me… I want to see what your Patronus looks like." The frown was back on Tom's face. "I don't know either. I tried to learn it last year, couldn't produce one." "I know, but I can. I'll teach you." Tom looked sceptical. "Isn't that more of a gift for me then?" "No," Harry thought about it, "Er, we could make it a shared gift, if you didn't have anything else in mind?" "…Okay." Harry's eyelids were getting heavy – he had to leave soon. He smiled tiredly as he sat up. "Let's try tomorrow and see." xXx They entered a spacious room with a set of dummies on the right and bookshelves on the left, easily larger than most classrooms. Was that really necessary for practicing a benign charm like the Patronus? Harry must have noticed Tom's confusion (how could he always see through him so easily?) because he made an apologetic face. "Sorry, I thought about needing a room to practice defensive magic," he said sheepishly. "Defensive…" Tom mused, "I always thought it was more of a communication charm." At Harry's enquiring look, he elaborated, "I know it repels Dementors, but one would much more likely use it to send a message. Isn't that why you learned it?" Harry scratched the back of his neck, appearing quite uncomfortable. "Er, not really. I had a bit of Dementor problem when I was fourteen." Tom raised his eyebrows. "Seriously, Harry, what else did you fight when you were fourteen? A dragon?" The look Harry gave him at that was outright alarmed. What are you not telling me? …And what the fuck is up with New Zealand? Why bother building Azkaban if you could just send people there? "Right. Well, it's a defensive charm, not just against Dementors. Have you seen someone else cast it?" Harry asked evasively. Tom decided to let it go for now. "I've seen it relay a message between the Professors once." "Have you felt its aura?" "Aura?" "I suppose not… Let me show you then." He pulled out his wand and drew a slow spiral. "Expecto Patronum." Immediately, a thick stream of silver light shot from his wand, twisting in the air into the shape of a majestic stag. It took a few steps towards Tom, and he felt peace embrace him from all sides, with a small touch of something else… of Harry. It reminded him of those lazy, post-orgasmic moments when they just laid there, holding each other, like no one else in the world mattered. Just as suddenly as it appeared, it was gone. Tom let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. "It should make you feel peace and happiness. Did you get that?" Peace and happiness. That touch of something else… He felt actually happy with Harry? What the hell did that mean? Stop lying to yourself, you're not good at it – you know what it means. Absently, he muttered, "… Yes." "Good, now you need a memory that feels like that, but stronger. What memory were you using when you tried before?" "Coming to Diagon Alley for the first time." "Okay," Harry nodded thoughtfully, "I used a similar memory the first time I cast it. Concentrate on the memory, try to relive it. Close your eyes, if you need to." Tom did, trying to imagine himself as the wide-eyed orphan he'd been when a whole new world of possibilities opened before him… A world full of people like him. He'd been more excited than ever, eager to prove himself, to make a place for himself. "Does it feel like the Patronus?" Feel? There's excitement and some happiness, but not the same kind… There's also envy for those who'd lived their whole life in that world and who could afford all the cool magical stuff from the displays, the fear of the unknown, and the intimidating presence of Dumbledore who'd taken him there. Even his happiest memory was tainted. "No," he admitted. "Oh. You'll have to pick another memory, then… Memories involving the people closest to you usually work the best." Harry was watching Tom with a strange look, kind of hopeful, kind of worried,… He's hoping I'll think of him, he realised. He tried – eyes closed, he went back to last night, when he had Harry on his back, moaning Tom's name as he came apart by his hand. The way Ton pulled Harry to his chest afterwards… Other memories followed naturally; Harry in the Great Hall, smiling at him brightly while secretly touching Tom's hand under the table. Harry in the Room of Requirement, kissing him after Tom thought he'd lost him… This was what the Patronus felt like. Eyes still closed, he raised his wand into the initial position. "Expecto Patronum!" He heard a sharp intake of breath. He was almost scared to look, but his curiosity won and he opened his eyes. There was a small disc of glowing mist shooting from the tip of his wand, swirling slowly. It wasn't nothing like before, but it wasn't anywhere near Harry's. "I'm… sorry, Harry, I don't think-" He couldn't finish the sentence, because Harry was kissing him, but not like they usually did; this kiss was chaste, closemouthed, tender, his lips were quivering. When they separated, Tom could see those emerald-green eyes glistening. Harry seemed to notice it, too, because he quickly turned away. "No, Tom, that… was brilliant," he said in a tight voice. "It took me ages to get there – you'll definitely have a corporeal one before the holidays end." He cleared his throat and spoke more clearly. "Alright, give it a few more tries before we head back." xXx The students who were going home for the holidays left in the morning on Saturday the 18. Harry had sent an owl to Fleamont a few days earlier, explaining he had business at Hogwarts that "could decide his future" and suggesting they meet for a Christmas lunch in Hogsmeade instead if they wanted, to which his grandfather cordially acceded. It hit Harry while their roommates were packing that they'd have the room to themselves – no sneaking around, drawn curtains and Silencing Charms for two weeks, like actually living together. The thought roused the butterflies that he was getting used to having in his stomach. Falling for Tom Marvolo Riddle… had anyone said it a year ago, he'd call them barmy and direct them to St. Mungo's. Maybe Malfoy and Snape were right with their "Harry Potter, always something special," remarks, though it was true that he'd always yearned for normalcy, and now perhaps more than ever, because it seemed achievable – he could save everyone with the Wizarding World being none the wiser and move on with his life… Where to, he didn't know, but he hoped he'd finally get to figure it out for himself. So far, his heart pointed in the direction of "somewhere with Tom", but the more he thought about it, the worse he felt. Tom could cast the Patronus Charm, now a large shield, the future was probably changed, what they had going on between them was probably real and Harry hadn't disappeared… It was more than he could hope for, so how come he couldn't be happy about it? Every time he kissed Tom, every time he'd seen him make progress or show previously unimaginable gentleness, his heart got heavier. Harry had been lying to him, and it felt so, so wrong. He was rubbish at keeping stuff from his friends, how was he supposed to keep such a massive secret from a lover? It certainly wasn't helping to wake up to Tom's face – his gentle face that now had a matching gentle smile as he, already awake, looked at Harry and wished him a good morning. Then they'd eat meals together, practice magic, do homework and overall act terribly homey, sending Harry further down the spiral of guilt. He didn't know how much longer he could take this. xXx It was the third morning after the other students had left. The two of them came back back from breakfast and went about their new routine with Tom practicing the Patronus Charm in the centre of the room and Harry Transfiguring his hand into the respective appendage of various animals on his bed. Tom closed his eyes and dove into his memories, gathering all the happiness in his chest like he's been practicing, until it felt like it would burst. Plenty of wizards can do this, so you can, too – for him. "Expecto Patronum." The light that shot from his wand formed the familiar disk, but just as he was about to dismiss it, silver threads poured across the edges and undulated through the air before settling into a new place. He forced himself to stay focused. What eventually appeared before him was a beautiful silver… lion. Not so long ago, he'd be annoyed to get the Gryffindor mascot, but now he held his breath as he took in its noble features, its good-natured face, its wild mane, and all he saw was "Harry." The other wizard looked up from his almost-done dragon claw and actually dropped his wand when he saw the majestic animal. The lion circled the room before it climbed up Harry's trunk, towering over his bed. It bent down and nuzzled its head against Harry's reached out hand-claw, forcing a surprised little laugh out of him. Just before it blinked out, it looked up at him and said in Tom's voice: "I think I'm in love with you."
