A/N: So here we are again, co-writing canon sixth year Hinny and taking it a notch further - from Kindle to Torch *wink* Love, gryffindormischief & fightfortherightsofhouseelves The train sways and shakes its way to Scotland, following the same old tracks it's done year after year for entire centuries, and Harry's steps are uneven and a little bit uncertain as they lead him to Ginny. He can see her at the other end of the corridor, poised yet relaxed, leaning on a nearby compartment's door as she laughs easily with some friends. It's a strange feeling, new even, that his heart skips faster and his breath slightly catches when she grins and laughs, runs a hand through her wild mane of hair. Still, Harry dismisses the feeling, sauntering closer to her and taps her on the shoulder. "Fancy finding a compartment?" Her brown eyes widen for the briefest of moments, harboring something Harry can't quite put his finger on. "I can't, Harry, I said I'd meet Dean," says Ginny brightly. "See you later." A twinge of annoyance or maybe a pang of something more hits Harry as he watches her walk away from him, most probably off to meet Dean. Dean, hm. What an odd turn of events, him and Ginny. Not that Harry has anything against him in particular, it's just unusual, that's what it is. He's left to do whatever else one can do while stuck on a what feels like a never ending ride to Scotland until he receives the oddest invitation: the Slug Club. Perplexed, Harry feels that nothing can sink his boats further down - no Ron and Hermione to spend his time with, no Ginny, no desire to do anything in particular - so he shrugs and says to himself yeah, alright, what can be worse? Only to walk right into a compartment full of...Ginny? A very dumbfounded and bemused Ginny, crammed into a tiny bit of space between Horace Slughorn and the wall. She shrugs at the same time as Harry does and they'd both share a laugh if not for the diverse and unusual company. Hermione, Neville, some arrogant looking prick, and Blaise Zabini from Slytherin all bundled into the same two meters is not a sight Harry sees every day. And speaking of sight, Zabini seems to be in top form since his eyes have been scanning Ginny head to toe on repeat ever since Harry stepped through the compartment door. Or maybe even longer. His dirty little eyes staring at her, pausing at the small bit of exposed freckled chest, lingering on her hair, her face, her lips. Harry could just - Could just what exactly? Defend her? Foul as he is, Zabini didn't as much as touch one flaming red hair on her head, but - But still she's Ron's little sister! Harry owes him so much as kicking any arsehole's stinky butt if they dare...Dare what Harry does not know and he shakes himself back to the present before he can find out. Slughorn's been asking him something or rather talking at him and he's starting to draw unwanted attention. As usual. He almost longs for the days of Snape's tenure as Potions Master. Ginny's cheeky and confident as she speaks and so very far from the nervous girl he met five years ago, and yet there's something that remains the same. She's always had that undercurrent of Gryffindor bravery that lead to anything from telling off Malfoy in Diagon Alley to following him almost blindly into the Department of Mysteries to battle Death Eaters. Before he can fall down that rabbit hole, whatever it is, the odd little gathering's over and Ginny joins him in the hall. "How come you ended up in there, Ginny?" Her eyes light with enough mischief that Harry finds himself pitying Molly Weasley - it seems the Weasley troublemaking gene did not wane with the youngest children. Hell, between Ron and Ginny, Harry almost understands the need for a child mapping clock. Apparently, at least according to Ginny's explanation, Zacharias Smith was being a bit of a prat - as he's wont to do - and was faced with the business end of Ginny's wand. Complete with the best the young Weasley's bat boogies had to offer. And instead of detention, Slughorn decided her prowess would be a boon to his little collection of students. Harry's had enough detention in his career as a Hogwarts student to know a little patience testing hobnobbing was likely an ideal trade. Not a bad move, Professor Slughorn. Not a bad move at all. Zabini brushes by, still obnoxiously overt in his appreciation, and Harry can't help but grumble. "Better reason for inviting someone than because their mother's famous." "He's such a prat," Ginny grins, leans towards the great big windows of the Express, and Harry finds himself vigorously nodding in agreement. "Can't believe I'll only live this twice more," she sighs after awhile, her gaze still lost somewhere in the crude greens of Scotland. Harry'd been too entranced, the flaming red of her hair contrasting with the browns, greens and mountainous greys outside, the deep yellow hue of the setting sun in her eyes - and perhaps it's visible on his face because she smiles and goes on to explain, "The trip to Hogwarts. With the Hogwarts Express." And as Harry realises that she's right it also hits him hard and strong that maybe, for him, this might be the last ride to Hogwarts, the final trip home. It hits him like a kick in the gut, so intense and impossible to carry that he's certain he's tasting bile on his tongue. Again Ginny cottons on, rapidly diving in to change the subject. "So we've established that Zabini's a prick, but what about that McLaggen bloke?" She grins and all thoughts of leaving Hogwarts get erased from Harry's mind as they abuse McLaggen for a good ten minutes, seasoned with Ginny's top notch impersonations and sprinkled with a bonus one of Snape too. Once Ginny leaves again, Harry decides he needs a bit of a distraction, and if he can pull one over on Blaise in the process, it'll be all the better. So he slips beneath the silken invisibility cloak and manages to sneak his way into Malfoy's compartment. Ron and Hermione might not believe it yet, but he's certain Malfoy's up to something out of his usual sleaziness. And Harry's instincts never betrayed him, except...Except nothing, not now, at least. There'll be time to let it eat at his insides later. Now Harry's on a mission and plans on following through. Things go well enough, Harry might have let his feet slip out from the invisibility cloak, but the little junior Death Eater meeting progresses. Even if being a member of the Slug Club wasn't on Harry's to do list, the fact that Draco seems so carefully not irritated about his own lack of invitation that the whole scenario's actually shaping up to be pretty nice. That is, until Draco lingers in the compartment once all his cronies have left, body binds Harry and breaks his nose for good measure. Sadly, Harry's got nothing to do for awhile except vacillate between trying to decide whether he can bleed out from a broken nose and wondering just how long it'll be before someone either stumbles over him or realizes he's missing. Ron and Hermione are probably doing their 'we fight to ease the tension' pre-feast chatter and Ginny's probably off with Dean doing - doing something Harry doesn't want to think someone who's practically his sister is doing. He's resigned himself to ending up back in London and probably digesting his own stomach for hunger when a certain Metamorphmagus-Auror turns up in the empty compartment and manages to stumble over his prone form. It seems her tendency to trip over anything and everything does serve a certain investigative purpose, Harry muses with a grin that only aggravates his broken nose. Somehow, he makes it to the welcome feast and stumbles his way through some vagaries, and disappointingly finds his theories and findings brushed aside. Some mates, huh. The first week of his sixth year is a blur of new and old classes (and ones he'd hoped would never visit again, but unfortunately McGonagall had other plans), hating Snape with a newfound ardour, avoiding being jinxed in class by said slimy bastard, delivering one of his sickest burns yet (to be honest, he is rather proud of his quick thinking of "No need to call me sir, Professor". Yes, rather proud indeed) and somehow becoming the wonder child of Potions? Granted, Harry never thought he'd go through any of those, but him and Potions? If he's being honest, his only merit resides in following some scribbled notes on the battered copy of his Potions textbook, the one that Ron refused and latched onto the sparkling new one instead. But following rules or indications was never as fun for Harry as it was during this first class with Professor Slughorn: he got to see Hermione nearly combust in frustration, won points for his House (a change he'd happily get accustomed to), and also won a nifty little something for his troubles. Felix Felicis. Liquid luck. And to top off an odd start to school, Harry finds himself alone in the Common Room, engrossed with the Potions textbook - apparently what used to be the property of someone who quite dramatically styled himself The Half Blood Prince. Harry himself appreciates a pinch of drama, but… But it's already past midnight, he's tired and yawning and about to get up and go to bed, when a familiar voice caresses at his eardrums. "Ron told me that Snape tried to jinx you, that absolute tosser, that slimy foul - argh!" Harry's insides feel warm and nice as Ginny stomps her way in, plops into the other armchair, curses blasting from her lips. Harry grins imagining Molly Weasley's reaction to this travesty of manners displayed by her only daughter, but he'd be a little liar if he said he wasn't enjoying watching it play out. "But Ron also told me how you burned him," Ginny grins once she's done fuming. "Bloody brilliant, Harry! I swear, if anyone's keeping score, between that, your "Sorry, Professor, but I must not tell lies" thrown at Umbridge last year and "Yeah, you can have a word - goodbye" you slapped at Rita Skeeter the year before, I truly don't know which is my favorite." Harry smirks as she laughs, palms slapping her knees in mirth and somehow that makes him feel really happy with himself. Yeah, pretty chuffed indeed. "So Hermione's a bit vexed, huh?" She grins and nudges him with her elbow once she cools off and they both wind up discussing their mutual hate for the former Potions Master. Harry snorts, "What did she say?" "Oh, only that you cheated your way into winning." He can see the mischief glowing in her eyes and fully knows that Ginny won't lecture him if he tells her about the Prince. Harry grins widely. "Nah, I'd say it was Snape who was the shite teacher." Ginny giggles, leans forward, their foreheads close like there's a conspiracy about to be planned between them. Harry's breathing hardens for a minute, gaze falling on her lips, on a small freckle plastered atop her upper one, all alone and a little taunting. What if he told her about Felix? And that he's thought about using it? No, certainly he can't open that door without - without what? It's all confusing, his thoughts, his feelings, the fact that she's so close, and Ron's little sister, it's - "What if you happened to pour a dash of your handy little prize into my brother's and Hermione's morning pumpkin juice, eh?" She flashes him a devilish grin, eyelashes fluttering. "Ginny, what?" He laughs. "Look, I'm not saying you do it on purpose. I'm just saying that maybe your hand slips a little one morning." "You don't trust them to figure it out on their own, do you?" "I'm afraid all hope has been lost over the summer," Ginny pouts as she pretends to mourn said loss of hope. They share an easy laugh, cosy by the fireplace, and Ginny's freckled palm comes to rest on Harry's shoulder. Easy, comfortable, warm. "I might have to follow your advice, though. Reckon I can't take another year of their hogwash," Harry sighs dramatically, ruffles his hair. Ginny's eyes follow his hands as they travel through his dark hair, leaving it messier than before. She draws in a breath. "How 'bout you actually use it for yourself?" Her small teeth sink into her bottom lip as the question raises from her lips and Harry doesn't know or rather can't fully decide if there's something she's implying. "I - er, I'll think about it," he rolls the words out as his mouth goes dry, a flush stretching from his cheeks to the back of his neck and he feels quite hot. Probably from the hearth, he reasons and shifts in his armchair. Oddly enough, the sensation lingers even after Ginny's disappeared up the stairs to her dorm and he's quickly shuffled his feet towards his own bed, dropped into it and kept on staring at the ceiling for a long time, confused and slightly bothered. After Dumbledore's odd note and their subsequent 'lesson' Harry's life doesn't seem to take the hint and become less stressful. Between the likely helpful but as yet uncontextualized information regarding Voldemort's history, and the standard demands placed on a sixteen-year-old wizard, most days it feels like a chore to roll from his bed. Let alone be a model student. Perhaps he's lucky to have avoided appointment as a prefect after all. In a rare free moment, one Hermione would say was better used as a study period, Harry finds himself lounging on the soft grass near the Great Lake while the Giant Squid swims about lazily. The sun overhead warms him bone-deep and the light breeze kicks up his messy curls. It's gloriously, wonderfully restful, and when Ron and Ginny turn up - well it feels like a stolen bit of time. Ron arrives first, dropping like a boneless blob of - something onto the grass next to Harry. "Hell if Sixth Year isn't the worst yet. Also sorry for being a bit of a ponce about making Prefect. If it's any consolation the whole set up is shite." Laughing quietly, Harry tosses his balled up bit of parchment higher overhead and catches it, eyes squinted against the ever-reaching rays of the sun - much like someone else two decades earlier. "Do tell." "Apparently it's 'unethical' to go around taking points from Slytherins 'willy nilly' - well then what should I be doing?" Ron rants, "'Sides, it's not 'willy nilly.' I'm just evening things back out after Draco and Snape have their way firebombing any other house's chances at winning the house cup." Before Harry answers, a light flowery scent drifts into their airspace and Ginny tosses her bag aside and makes herself at home, using Harry's stomach as a pillow. He doesn't realize she's missed whatever turn the conversation's taken - distracted as he is with the weight of her head, the dramatic gestures of her hands - until she tilts her face and addresses him directly, "Don't you think?" "I - ." Wow, her eyes are beautiful. "Er - say that again?" Ginny reaches over and flicks his nose. "I was saying that we don't need Ron's suspect tactics to win - we've got the best Quidditch team in the school this year. I'll wager we have Malfoy crying into his oatmeal by Christmas." And for whatever strange, odd, indiscernible reason, Harry finds himself patting Ginny on the head and wishing he could run his fingers through her hair. Maybe it's to complete the whole 'cat curled up in his lap' set up they have going. Regardless, he does manage to realise first, Ginny would think he'd fallen off his rocker, second, Ron would likely slap him silly, and third, Dean would definitely put itching powder - or worse - in Harry's bed if he found out. Honestly - and Harry finds he's really only fully honest in the privacy of his own mind these days - he's most concerned with somehow injuring Ginny's opinion of him than anything else. Ron's anger is certainly not something he'd like to invite on himself, but they've come back from some pretty heavy stuff and Ron's just a bit of a drama king at times. And well, Dean can like it or lump it. All this flashes through Harry's mind, it's kind of a constant background mantra since the start of summer in the handful of a few seconds, and the moment to affectionately stroke Ginny's hair has passed. Likely for the best, despite Harry's increasing conflict on the subject of the youngest and most confounding Weasley. They chat easily about potential strategy for the team, training regimens Ginny read about in Quidditch Weekly, and a few new defensive maneuvers Ron can start working on and Harry begins to think Ginny would make a better captain than he ever will. She's bloody brilliant, she is. With breakfast the following morning comes Ron and Hermione's usual self-deluded banter - one day he might lose it and lock them in a broom closet - and the usual delicious spread of food. The good thing about the unbelievable frequency of his mates' flirting turned arguments is Harry's become rather adept at tuning out to the extent that his blood pressure doesn't skyrocket when Ron goes full grouch and Hermione's reached her high-pitched potential. Though sometimes he wonders whether they might end up snogging with equal ferocity and he'll just be in an alternate sort of hell. Luckily, the subject does turn soon enough, and even better to Quidditch. When he'd retrieved the sign up sheet for tryouts that morning, there'd been a few more names on the list than he'd expected - particularly the non Gryffindor candidates. Hermione's theory is basically that Harry's publicity as 'not off his rocker' has somehow catapulted him to teen-heartthrob status over the summer. And she also notes his recent growth spurt, which hasn't helped with his hand-me-down sizing issues but does seem to be catching some attention around Hogwarts. Though a certain someone seems impervious to his increase in desirability. In fact, it seems this summer he's been determinedly shunted into the role of friend just when he's starting to realize he doesn't particularly want to be - since he started noticing that - Well, honestly, all he's really looking for is a few good sassy sparring matches and a solid trouncing on the Quidditch pitch, all rather innocent desires. After all, Ginny Weasley's teasing and trash talk almost outmatches her abilities on the field - which is saying something. They'd had a few matches over the summer and hell if she wasn't the most gorgeous thing he'd ever seen - which he means in the most confusingly motivated way possible. God, it's lucky Ron's so caught up in whatever his current argument with Hermione's turned to. As it turns out, Harry's appetite seems to have waned. They don't dally much longer, gathering their things to head for the first classes of the day. As they wander from the Great Hall, Harry can't help but let his eyes search for Ginny among the throngs of Gryffindors. It shouldn't take long to spot her - yup. There she is looking glorious and radiant and smiling at - at Dean. Some days just really are destined to be shite and should therefore be erased in their entirety. Gladly there's still Quidditch to take his mind off certain older brotherly feelings. Quidditch, where he's focused, poised, determined. Head in the game with a mission to win the House Cup, come what may. As they say, nothing can stop them now. Harry can only hope that those they are right, for his own sanity and probably also for his pride and ego. Until a hurricane of red hair dashes close to him and he's almost knocked off his broom before the tryouts even start. Some Captain he is. If Wood or even Angelina were there to see him, he'd never hear the end of it. However, neither of them is and it's all on Harry to put together a decent team and sweep the floor with Slytherin again this year. Still, Harry feels confident enough choosing Demelza Robins to join the team, an excellent new find to fill the empty chaser slot. He's semi-happy with Coote and Peakes as Gryffindor's new Beaters - but alas, it is rather hard to meet the standard set by Fred and George, that much Harry can admit. And of course there's also Katie, Ron, and Ginny going forward with the team for another year. Ginny, who'd make Captain for sure next year. To Harry, it's a fact, even though she might not know it yet. She's determined, strong, smart, and a natural born flyer. The fools talking about his own innate ability to fly must have never seen her. Quite frankly, there's nothing more Harry'd like right now than to take her on in a race - she did suggest it before tryouts, so why not? Just the two of them, hands gripping at the hard wood of their broom handle, wind slashing at their cheeks, Ginny's hair flying everywhere like a brilliant pennant, her lips chapped, those lips she bites in concentration, drawing attention to that one freckle - Alright, so maybe accepting her challenge is not the best idea. Not with Ron next to him, at least. And even more so when said best mate is nearly giving himself a coronary over Keeping, head locked in a contest with that git, McLaggen. The git whom Harry definitely can't have on the team or he might end up expelled from Hogwarts before the end of the month, so pull it together, Ron! Turns out he doesn't even need to do something, anything for Ron to save enough goals to put a nice safe difference between himself and Cormac McLaggen, as the latter seems to have become slightly - erm, confused? While the former only grows in skill and confidence once a certain bushy haired witch smiles at him from the stands. Harry can practically feel himself vomiting inside his mouth. Is this really how it's going to play out? The two of them dancing around each other all year long? Do they need a drawing or some instructions? Hermione'd love instructions. But Harry knows what she'd love even more: for Ron to finally untwist his pants and snog her for the love of Merlin. And maybe then Ron will be happy enough to not be bothered by Harry kissing Ginny - Harry kissing Ginny? Now that's new. Harry'd like to wonder and over-analyze and maybe stress about where this idea came from, but unfortunately tryouts are over and people are looking at him, expecting to hear something. So he channels his best inner Oliver Wood to deliver the most decent pep talk he can squeeze out of his confused and tired brain, then sends everybody to the showers. Everybody, except Ron, whose big blue eyes are glued to Hermione and her smiling face, and so Harry knows, he can just feel it actually, that this little calm period they're enjoying is literally too good and banter-free to really keep going for more than a hot second. As if his thoughts summoned the undesirable situation, Slughorn's invitation - and for Ron, non invitation - to a little 'get together' after dinner stirs up yet another argument between Ron and Hermione. It's to be expected and he can't be too put off at Slughorn, if it wasn't a dinner invitation, it would've been something else. At least Slughorn had the decency to schedule it for a night Harry couldn't attend. Though it's hard to determine whether an evening spent with a bunch of schmoozers or locked in a classroom with Snape is more tortuous. Demelza's special delivery kind of decides it for him - at least Slughorn'd give him something to eat. As it is, it sounds like Snape's trying to either permanently destroy Harry's appetite or his ability to lift a fork. Harry lets his mind wander for a minute, and his eyes find Ginny across the common room where she's letting Arnold run riot up and down her arms and giggling as his fur tickles her skin. Her cheeks are bright with laughter, her eyes sparkling with happiness and - and Harry doesn't really know what to think. Emotions are hellish, aren't they? Instead of moping around (much like someone Harry'd rather not name as of yet), he gets his sorry arse up and ready for a night of unspeakable terrors - or whatever degree of terror Dumbledore allows to be inflicted upon Hogwarts students, all complete with added layers of Professor Snape's undesirable presence, breathing over Harry's shoulder. The image is so depressing he reckons he'd even be content with trading his prized broom just to turn into a small pink Pygmy Puff for the next couple of hours. And in case anyone ever asks, Harry can now confirm that a detention involving Snape and flobberworms is about as awful as one might imagine. His fingers are raw and his shoulders ache like the summer Petunia decided to add paving stones to the garden and Vernon said he needed to 'build character.' So by the time he stumbles back through the portrait hole, the Fat Lady's tipsy blustering about being woken so unceremoniously falls on deaf ears. He feels decidedly icky, the semester's barely begun and Harry's already exhausted. He slumps into the nearest couch and the lumpy seat gives an irritated oof. "He wins one potions contest and suddenly thinks he can sit on whomever he wants - wait until I give this scoop to Rita." "Potter Pompous Prick - full story on page 3," Harry announces, hand sketching the faux headline in the air. Ginny chuckles, the low burning fire casting a warm glow over her freckled cheeks, and nudges his thigh with her socked toes. "You should go into journalism." "I am quite adept at alliteration," Harry muses, grinning playfully. "Now you're just showing off." "At least I live up to Snape's hype." Grumbling some choice words under her breath, Ginny sits up and inches her way closer, one arm tossed over the back of the couch and her feet now warmed by niggling their way between his leg and the cushion. "How was it? Is he as awful to you in private?" "Hm. Hard to compare apples and oranges, though the level of arsehole-ishness is probably even." "I suppose he gets credit for variety," Ginny laughs quietly, her head pillowed on her arm. "So why are you up, then?" She bites her lip. "Had a sort of date." Harry ignores the itchiness in his chest and asks with forced lightness, "How was it?" "Alright," Ginny shrugs, "Nothing to write home about - not that I make a habit of telling Mum about who I do and don't kiss." His hand clenches involuntarily causing the skin on his knuckles to smart with the stretch. Apparently he winces or does something because Ginny's immediately on alert. "He hurt you." "S'alright," Harry hedges, "Nothing to worry about." "If you go to Pomfrey she'll have you fixed in a jiffy." "Then I'll just give Snape another reason to hate me." "Much better to have him on your arse for a good reason - sir." Being called sir by Ginny kicks up a confusing array of emotions he'd rather not unpack so he focuses on the banter with dogged determination. "Still not over my spectacular sass, I see." "Half the school is talking about it, if you weren't so popular for being the Chosen One this would've done it." "I prefer this reason," Harry says, dry. "Your cheek is quite attractive," Ginny adds, rising and patting him on the shoulder, "G'night Harry." His face is still flaming when Ginny's footsteps fall silent on the stairwell. Blimey.
A/N: we worked hard to bring you this chapter on time and succeeded! Hope you enjoy this chapter of HBP missing moments. The fic will be canon compliant and we plan to update once a month, with the next chapter on November 1st (you get this one a bit early) Love, fightfortherightsofhouseelves & gryffindormischief The Prince's book has become something of a bed companion to Harry by now, perusing it at length again and again in his free time. The tips of his fingers lightly trace each scribbled note for the hundredth time, his lips whisper spells he's never heard of. It's how Ron finds himself dangling up in the air from a freckly ankle and how, not much later, Harry lets himself be dragged into an ardent debate with Hermione on whether Levicorpus is or isn't a jinx. "Of course it's a jinx," Hermione scowls as the trio trots through the autumn wind to Hogsmeade, "Nothing benign would serve to levitate people and expose them like that." Harry knows she's vividly reliving that night at the Quidditch World Cup, when Lucius Malfoy and his Death Eater friends had a laugh levitating Muggles in a disgusting demonstration of soft torture. If he's honest, he's also thinking about it and it's vexing enough that he'd simply like to scratch at the back of his head, where those irksome little thoughts like to hide and play, scratch until they bleed away from him. Yet more dreary musings come to bother him when the three of them happen upon the unlikely duo of Horace Slughorn and Mundungus Fletcher, and the annoying buzz turns into true Harpies' screeches as Katie Bell is nearly murdered. Harry doesn't much remember a day when he felt he needed some peace of mind more than he does now as everything inside him cries and bawls that it has to do with Malfoy. That the Prince is somehow connected to this and not at all evil. That innocent lives are at risk if nobody'll take him seriously when he says that Draco Malfoy is plotting something sleazy. Because he is and today is nothing but proof. Unfortunately, nobody does, not even Professor McGonagall. Not like this, not without concrete evidence and Harry knows deep inside that he won't rest until he finds some. He only hopes it won't be too late. After Hogsmeade, Katie's continuing stay in the Hospital Wing, and yet another unsuccessful attempt to convince anyone that Malfoy is plotting something, Harry somewhat glumly seeks solace in his studies - per Hermione's advice. Which, in reality was more a long rant detailing exactly where he would end up should he forgo his schoolwork in favor of 'cockeyed notions' about admittedly morally grey classmates. For someone who punched said 'morally grey' classmate not three years ago, she can be a bit high and mighty at times. So far though, burying himself in schoolwork has succeeded in keeping his mind occupied, at least in part. Besides, who knew if the secret to finally catching Malfoy in the act was - his eyes skimmed the page again - a perfectly executed Orchideous incantation? Perhaps the slimy git's true weakness is hay-fever. Harry's considering whether Skeeter is right and he has gone 'round the bend when Ron's patience with studying silently seems to waver. "What is it about girls anyway?" Ron huffs between the pages of his Transfiguration copy, his mind clearly not anywhere near the subject of their homework. "What are you going on about?" Harry asks bemused. "Hope it's not McGonagall prompting those shower thoughts," he grins from behind his own textbook as Ron grimaces and closes the tome with a loud bang. "I mean everyone's a girl or talking about girls," Ron carries on and sighs. "It's absolutely mad, I'm telling you." Harry laughs wholeheartedly, following Ron's example and putting a well deserved pause on his study. Well, not that well deserved since they've only been studying for about twenty minutes, but it's late and they had Quidditch practice all day so who can really blame them. "No, mate, you're absolutely mad. Now care to offer some context?" Ron frowns, draws a breath, then takes a moment as if to ruminate on what he wants to say next. "That git, Dean, he's dating my sister," he winces. It's Harry's turn to scowl. "Yeah, noticed that much." "And Hermione looks - erm, so much like a girl now, you know? And less like our friend," Ron elaborates, completely amiss of Harry's snide remark. Which is all the better for Harry, really. Ron seems to have too much on his emotional plate anyway. "You understand what I'm trying to say, right?" Ron hurries to add when Harry doesn't say anything, his cheeks coloring faintly. "Hmm," Harry mumbles the best response he can come up with. It'd be rather awkward to admit that Hermione's mostly the same to him, their best friend and somewhat sister to Harry. As opposed to other sisters he happens to know. "It's odd, 's all I'm saying. And my baby sister going on dates, probably snogging blokes -" "Plural?" Harry blurts out before he realises what he's doing. Ron throws him an exasperated look. "Dunno, mate. She keeps everything very private but I don't understand what's all this sudden fuss 'bout her. I mean why's she so popular? Dean seemed alright, what does he see in her?" He shrugs. "What does she see in him?" Harry sneers, his lips morphing into a small pout. "Dean's a good bloke, I guess," Ron shrugs again, scratches the back of his head. "I guess," replies Harry, rather reluctant. "And he's pretty smart, I guess?" "I guess." "And I reckon he draws really well." "He does?" "That's what I remember. Girls like paintings and stuff. Mum has lots of them hanging on the walls," Ron's face lights up as if it all finally makes sense. But not to Harry. Not if he takes into account the way his insides churn and boil or the way he simply feels a sudden need to shout at his best friend and maybe tell him that somebody else ought to bring Hermione a bloody drawing and then see how he likes it. But right afterwards Harry feels petty, mumbles something about abandoning homework and sets off to bed, leaving a befuddled Ron behind wondering what he could've said wrong. And by some odd twist of fate - or maybe some divine entity's really prone on showing Harry that the worst is yet to come - the conversation he walks in on is no better than the one he's rudely ended. In fact, on a scale from one to detention with Snape, what he's currently witnessing ranks closer to the latter rather than the former. Dean discussing his blooming relationship with Ginny. Dean describing to Seamus the progress he's making with Ginny. Dean about to be pushed out the Gryffindor Tower window. By mistake, of course. Sometimes, Harry muses, there are things he misses about living under the stairs. Well. Not exactly. His bedroom is loads better. But there are benefits to having your own room rather than a dorm full of loud mouthed complaining gits. The real question is when exactly Dean became so irritating. Harry's not incapable of tuning out irksome housemates - a certain ickle Diddikins and co. serve as ample evidence - so Dean must really be laying it on thick. Recently, it seems that if he's not outlining his 'intensive' physical fitness routine, he's giving Seamus advice on the best way to ask out 'birds' and extolling the virtues of a certain shoulder slipping move that gets you 'up close and personal' with said bird. Harry does his best to avoid the dorm when awake but it begins to feel like they're waiting for him to arrive and saving the most obnoxious bits for his personal enjoyment. It's rather gross, to be honest, and he feels indignant - in a brotherly way obviously - to hear the highly questionable strategies Dean plans to use to further acquaint himself with Ginny. Who knew two teenage boys could cluck like gossiping hens this long after lights out? Or talk so loud despite the whisper-like quality of their conversation. Harry sticks his arm out through a split in the curtains and brushes a few Droobles wrappings aside, well past eleven. Plain rude. With a huff, he shoves the covers back, grabs his dressing gown, blanket, and wand, before storming toward the door. "You two are bloody lucky Ron sleeps like the dead." As if confirming, Ron - who's also given up on studying and fainted rather than fell asleep within less than two seconds since closing the distance between his person and his bed, lets out a loud snore and sighs in his sleep. Dean and Seamus blink at Harry, the former's eyes narrowing and mouth opening as if he's about to toss back some indignant response but Harry's in no mood. He leaves the dorm with a dramatic swoosh of his blanket and stumbles his way down the staircase, only forgoing a very satisfying door slam in the name of inter-house courtesy. Unlike some people. The last few steps meet with the unhappy, teen-angst thuds of his feet. All the while, he grumbles to himself in an almost unintelligible but heart-lightening manner so he's feeling a bit less like dumping a shaker of salt in Dean's porridge in the morning. Still, that doesn't make him any more eager to return to the gossiping hens upstairs and the fire does look rather inviting. Perhaps Dobby anticipated Harry's midnight flight to the common room. Or perhaps Harry's off his rocker and somehow deluded himself into believing this picture perfect, cozy room isn't quite as abandoned as he first assumed. Instead, a certain red-haired Chaser is tucked up in one of the armchairs closest to the fire, forehead drooping toward the crinkled notes in her lap, socked toes warming in the blaze's orange glow. "You're up late," Harry tries, testing the responsiveness of his hallucination. Groaning, Ginny drops her head back on the cushioned chair. "Hermione made me a timetable." Harry laughs, claiming the couch closest to Ginny with a dramatic sprawl of his occasionally gangly limbs. "And presented said timetable to me in front of mum, who thought it was the greatest idea in the history of ideas." Ginny twists her neck and stares at him expectantly, which Harry assumes is an indication she wants a response other than gawking at her helplessly. "So now you're stuck, eh?" She hums and scrapes her hair up into a messy bun. "Theoretically tonight's study session should have been through," she looks at her watch, "yesterday afternoon." The words have barely left her lips before laughter bubbles out of both of them, loud and surprising until they muffle their chuckles. Which, of course, only makes things funnier and the stopping that much harder. Ginny's cheeks are rosy with happiness as Harry pushes his glasses up messily and swipes the tears from his cheeks. "Don't tell me you've been studying for," he pauses to do the math, "Twenty seven hours." "No - yesterday was so lovely - that sunshine on my face," she sighs, "How could I do anything but go for a fly?" Harry grins, dragging one foot up underneath him, "True enough - I had a good kip over by that tree. You know the one close enough to the water the firsties are too afraid to go near?" She nods in recognition and tosses one leg over the side of the armchair, looking as if she'll melt into oblivion right then and there. "Then I met up with Dean before dinner." Unable to bite back the grimace at the mention of his sleep stealing dorm-mate - not that he feels much like sleeping at the moment - Harry delivers some sort of non commital grunt that Ginny pounces on like a starved puma. Her dark eyes consider him from head to toe in a way that makes his cheeks heat. "How are things with Dumbledore, then?" Harry shrugs, fiddling with the knobby blanket on his lap and feeling like a bit of a ponce for worrying about his loud-mouthed roommate when lives hang in the balance. Then he really does scowl as thoughts of Dumbledore, Death Eaters, Draco and his cronies, and about a thousand other dark things swirl through his mind. "No - no he hasn't called me for another lesson yet." Ginny eyes him for another moment, lips twisted in a thoughtful frown before they quirk in a teasing grin. "Well he'd better get on it if you're going to be the new Headmaster and Supreme Mugwump. Lest we forget your need for a long, luxurious white beard." "I would look damn foxy with a beard and you know it." "I'll believe it when I see it - can you even grow facial hair baby Potter?" Crossing his arms, Harry puffs out his chest in a show of manliness and narrows his eyes. A show which is slightly lessened by the smile that tickles his lips. "I will have you know I shave every morning." "With a big boy razor?" Ginny teases, but she nudges him with her toes, "All seriousness, I'm not sure the Hogwarts student body could handle ruggedly handsome Harry James Potter." "Mass hysteria, eh?" Harry laughs, though it's a bit strangled in the wake of Ginny's half admission that he could be considered handsome. Even in an entirely hypothetical situation. Perhaps a beard wouldn't be such a bad idea. "Aye - Dad read all about Beatlemania. Like that, but with magic." "I'll need a bodyguard or two." "Not to worry - we've got you covered," Ginny assures him as she collects her things and rises tiredly. "I can't study anymore. My brain's turned to mush," she pauses, "You never said why you're up." "Eh - Dean's a snorer." Ginny's brows rise, "Really." And Harry can't seem to drum up a bit of guilt as he frowns darkly and nods. As October progresses, Scotland turns crisp, the air whips at bare cheeks turning them rosy and leaving Harry free to wander the grounds with few interruptions. Between Voldemort's official return and everything that happened at the Department of Mysteries last year, Harry's ability to skulk about unnoticed has been lessened somewhat. It's not adoring fans begging for autographs like Krum had during the Triwizard - more like quiet stares on some weird spectrum between mute terror and judgmental mutterings. He is slightly more adept at tuning such things out than during the 'Potter Stinks' era, but it's still nice to escape it and reserve the energy used for ignoring annoyances. Mostly he uses those reserves for lots of internal angst about feelings he definitely doesn't have. Nothing clears his head like a nice fly though and a quick check of the pitch schedule reveals an open afternoon. So his daily constitutional turns into a quick jog over to the empty pitch to take to the sky. Truth be told, he desperately needs a place to simply forget about the current state of events, the feelings of uncertainty, the doubts he's having as he wonders if the troubles and efforts they put into recreating Riddle's pre-Voldemort life aren't wasted. His second lesson with Dumbledore, recently ended, didn't do much to alleviate any of those feelings. Back through the Pensieve, to a twelve year old Tom Riddle this time, with a personality grim enough to signal chaos about to come. Can understanding your enemy truly bring you one step closer to defeating him? Harry closes his eyes, one palm lightly passing over the lightning shaped scar slashed across his forehead. Wind chaps his face, makes his eyes teary as he increases his speed and clears the towers that surround the stadium. Clouds drift by overhead, a slow drag against brilliant blue compared to the streaking of his slim broom. Clutching the handle tightly with his legs, Harry releases one hand, then the other and twists into a spiral. Once he's right side up, Harry slows and swirls in lazy circuits until he's back hovering over the pitch, descending to the sound of a slow clap. "Nice moves, Potter." So much for clearing my head. "Captain's got to keep up his skills," Harry says, easy. "Didn't know keeping them up involved so much showing off," Ginny answers with a smirk, tossing a practice Quaffle high overhead and catching it deftly. Harry's feet find the fresh cut grass as he ruffles his hair in a nervous gesture that must be hereditary. "Is it really showing off if nobody's around?" "Am I nobody?" "You weren't expected." She tosses the quaffle again, higher, and catches it without a second glance. "I could just take my Quaffle and go home," Ginny quirks her brow, "But since this is the Quidditch Pitch and I am looking to actually play Quidditch…" "Excuse me - are you attempting to argue that flying isn't a legitimate element of Quidditch?" "Without balls it's just a bunch of jocks performing high-flying acrobatics," Ginny counters, another toss, this time over her shoulder. She catches it with a quick twist that sends her hair fanning behind her. "And tricks like that aren't showboating at all," Harry drawls, "Is this some chaser superiority complex?" "S'not a complex if it's true - besides I can play all positions," Ginny says simply as she drops to the ground, ankles crossed in front of her. It's really difficult being around someone so tempting. Since, he has to worry about her all the time, of course. Not because he is tempted in any way, despite what his dreams might indicate. Blissfully unaware of Harry's internal monologue, Ginny slides her palms out sideways until she's fully reclined in the grass. "Speaking of - we are defending Quidditch Cup winners and the fecking Ravenclaw team have their sights set on taking it back." "I'm not planning on captaining the team to ruin," Harry shoots back with a roll of his eyes. "Have a seat Captain - let's get strategizing," Ginny says patting the ground by her side, "Got to protect my interests - Harpies like winners." Nudging her ankle with his toe, Harry does as instructed and tosses his broom aside. "That your plan? Go professional?" Ginny glances up at him. "Oh yeah - though I don't think I've said it to anyone aloud before." "That sounds brilliant - you're uh," Harry ruffles his hair, "You're really brilliant." She kicks his shoulder. "Thanks." It's quiet between them for a moment until she finally adds, "And as brilliant as it is to be successful as both a Chaser and a Seeker, maybe strategy number one could be you not getting kicked off the team again this year?" "Pinky promise." "Secondarily - we really need a replacement for Katie," Ginny says, "Not that - well Quidditch isn't the biggest issue with all this - " Harry sighs, flops backward, and tilts his head upward so he can meet her gaze. "Gin - you don't have to explain - " "Thanks," Ginny tosses her arms overhead and lets her feet slide straight out, "I'd never - well. Anyway. We're down a Chaser." Taking a fortifying breath, Harry reaches across the space between them and brushes the back of her hand with his fingertips. "What about Trenton?" Ginny snorts. "Nah - have you seen his 'fake out' swerve. We're never going to win with a lazy maneuver like that and I'll be damned if Malfoy beats us this year." "Too bad Hermione can't fly to save her life," Harry muses, brain filtering through the rest of their housemates, "We'd have the most organized tactics and training schedule ever." "Nope - she'd spend the whole time telling us we should be studying," Ginny answers as she pushes to her feet with a sigh, "Which reminds me, I've got to be off." "Timetable?" "Nah - meeting Dean," Ginny says easily as she brushes a few blades of grass from her clothes, "Though I'd never have made plans if I knew I'd have to ditch a good ol' strategy session." Harry stands too, feeling as though a fist has clenched around his heart in a strange, painful way. "We - uh. Raincheck?" "'Course," Ginny says with a crooked smile, "See you when I see you?" He agrees with a quiet nod and mounts his broom, skating across the sky as the sun dips toward the horizon. It's Monday and there's less than a week till Saturday, November 2nd. Less than a week until they're up against Ravenclaw on the pitch. And somehow, Harry doesn't know why or how, but they're still one player short. (Technically, he does know but there's a long way between knowing and admitting it, isn't it?) Now it's Tuesday and, while Monday was spent focusing more on the greater good of the team and less on his inner turmoil, Harry still hasn't managed to summon all his remaining will power (that's not wasted on either Snape or homework or helping Ron and Hermione remain civil in the face of Slug Club party invites) and ask Dean to join the team as a third Chaser. It's pretty clear that Katie won't make an overnight recovery. It's common sense to offer the role to someone who's a decent flyer and is well acquainted with the game. It's unreasonable to prolong the task of asking Dean much longer. All things considered. So Harry spots him enjoying a bite of morning toast with pumpkin juice and perhaps a plate of hot gossip on the side, as Dean's sat next to Seamus, who Harry has determined are attached at the hip. Sighing long and painful, Harry straightens his posture and prepares for whatever this is, a mantra of "I'm doing this for the team" on a loop at the back of his mind. "Mornin', Harry," Dean greets cheerfully in between two swigs of fresh pumpkin juice. Of course, Seamus' enthusiasm level lowers as soon as his eyes lock with Harry's, but he's starting to get used to it by now. "Alright, mate? You look troubled," Dean observes. Harry waves him off and plows right in with another sigh, "Listen, we're one Chaser too few on the team -" "Yeah, I heard Katie's still in the hospital -" "Would you like to join?" Harry cuts him off before he can change his mind. A pause and then both Dean and Seamus blink, confused. "What?" "I asked if you'd like to join the team as Chaser? Until Katie recovers, you know," Harry hurries to add. It's Seamus who speaks first, elbow almost sending the porridge rolling off the table. "Sounds mental to me, you and Ginny on the same team." Harry's senses fire up and he holds his breath, silently urging Seamus to keep talking. "'S alright," Dean shrugs, visibly bothered by his friend's comment. "Oh come on, mate," Seamus grins, "it's just Harry here. Last night you were going on and on about how she's always so cheesed off 'bout everything it makes you feel like you've botched every wee thing." "Yeah," Dean agrees weakly as just Harry experiences a violent urge to hurt both of his 'mates.' Maybe hit their heads together until they cry or kindly ask Dobby to wet their beds as they sleep. Unfortunately, he has to shake it all off and attempt to bleach his brain later before he breaks and tells Ron. And the rest of the Weasley clan. Though telling Ginny might solve a good number of his problems - and make him something of a wanker. "So?" He asks again. "If you agree, you'll have to clear your schedule anyway. We have practice this evening, all evening," Harry underlines through gritted teeth. Dean scratches at the back of his head, muses a bit and then gives his final answer, "Yeah, alright. Can't let Ravenclaw walk all over us," he grins and claps Harry on the shoulder. Harry can't decide if he's in a mood to shout at everyone who speaks to him because of Dean's insolent comments and confidences about his relationship with Ginny or because of his implication that they won't stand a chance against Ravenclaw if he doesn't join the team. Either way, Harry takes it personally enough to grunt and snap at people all day. And Quidditch practice doesn't make it any better. He'd hoped that it'd offer the right outlet to clear the angst clouding his mind. But of course, he should've known by now that counting his chickens before they are hatched is completely useless. In reality, Harry agrees that this practice session has been the worst so far, so much so that even Ginny looks forlorn and Demelza's eyes water constantly. Cursing under his breath, Harry shivers in the cold, biting October air and checks the time. It's well past ten in the evening and there's nothing more he can do for this lot than send them inside to a hot shower and a cuppa (or a long sleepless night sprinkled with self-loathing in his case). He drags his feet next to Ron, uncertain if he'd rather smack him over the head to stop his complaining or to do it to himself. If Harry thinks about it, Ron's performance seems to depend on his mood and Harry reckons he's not quite yet recovered from their little Slug Club themed conversation from Herbology class last week. Hermione'd almost managed to invite Ron to join her at the Christmas party when Ron's fragile ego got in the way. Harry sighs for the millionth time, rubs at the prickling in his scar. Perhaps cracking his own skull would represent the desirable option right now, between a best mate whose spirits are below sea level, conflicting feelings for a certain redhead and a probable defeat in the first match he's ever captained his team to. And speaking of redheads, there's Ginny on her way to the castle, hand in hand with Dean. Harry doesn't know what he was expecting exactly. That Ginny would hang back with him after practice, as she's done till now? That she won't talk to Dean or hug him or even kiss him during practice breaks? And why wouldn't she? He is her boyfriend, even though Harry wouldn't hurry to crown him boyfriend of the year anytime soon. And who's Harry to her? A mate. Her older brother's best mate. That's it, yeah. Just a mate. Just Harry. He's about to make peace with those thoughts when Ron's face blanches and he stops dead in his tracks. Harry has to squint to understand what's prompted Ron's reaction and for a moment he fears Viktor Krum's back to kiss Hermione, tired of waiting for Ron to finally gather his courage and do it. But then the torch hanging over a small annex in the middle of the deserted corridor casts its gentle, quivering light over two people, tightly glued against each other, kissing fervently. His heart sinks so low the Giant Squid might stumble across it when his eyes adjust to realise they've walked in on Ginny and Dean. Ginny and Dean kissing like he's never seen someone kiss, their hands in each other's hair and their bodies pressed hard together. He'd probably blush if not for the growling beast in his chest, demanding that Harry do something fast. Still Ron reacts faster and him and Ginny are in each other's faces in less than a heartbeat. Weasley tempers are terrible on a good day and grisly on shite days like this. Harry's confident they'd start hexing and kicking each other if not for his jumping between them. It's ugly and petty on both sides, both siblings pouring salt over open wounds, and Harry's left to awkwardly say goodbye to Dean like nothing's happened. Later, alone in his bed, covers pulled up over his head, he'd have time to think about how he'd tear Dean limb from limb for kissing Ginny like that - or for kissing her at all. Yeah, later he'd have time to plan and imagine and probably work himself into a fit over the image of them tattooed on his brain. Indeed, there'll be enough time to thoroughly hate himself and the world later.
A/N: a day late but here! we hope you enjoy love, fightfortherightsofhouseelves and gryffindormischief Hallowe'en, for all he knows of it now, was a boring event during the first eleven years of Harry's life. Dudley would gorge himself on candy, gather up his cronies to increase their usual levels of Harry-focused torment, and Harry would simply wait for the day to end like he did any other. Since his first year at Hogwarts, the end of October has generally been a mix of angst and some sort of life-endangering drama. In between, the Hallowe'en feast at least provided some form of light hearted fun. When October 30th dawned, Harry had been looking forward to a day spent playing quidditch and avoiding Hermione's heavy handed comments about the importance of revising early and thoroughly. By the time the sun sets, Harry's almost hoping Voldemort plans to finish what he started fifteen Hallowe'ens ago. At least he would only have to tolerate another twenty-four hours of Ron's moping. It's not enough that practice was shite and they're basically about to be destroyed on the pitch in less than a week. Ron's got to go all dramatic and say he plans to resign. Harry finds himself wondering if there's an encouraging way to say he'd rather have shite Ron than deal with McLaggen's diva attitude. After supper in the Great Hall, Harry loses himself in the rush of students and eventually wanders into the courtyard - moonlit and delightfully abandoned. Finally feeling like his brain has an opportunity for quiet, Harry drops down onto the ledge surrounding the fountain and throws his arm over his eyes. His spine pops a bit at being stretched so absolutely but in that good 'am I creepy to enjoy this' way. Water spray tickles his bare skin, a touch icy despite whatever charms keep it from freezing over and Harry almost feels he could drift off. And maybe he does, until a throat clears and draws him from his funk. Craning his neck only enough to identify the interloper, Harry finds Ginny Weasley eyeing him with a raised brow. "Don't think pneumonia will get you out of this game." "Imagine if Oliver Wood heard I skipped out for a less than deadly ailment." Ginny laughs and wanders closer as Harry pushes himself into a sitting position and muses, "He'd probably be more disappointed I've let the Gryffindor team fall into such a state." Shrugging, Ginny picks at her fingernails and says, "Are you telling me Wood never lead a bad practice? You can't put everyone's performance on yourself. It's up to us at some point, yeah?" Harry glances up and meets Ginny's gaze, so confident and strong when he recalls her blushing looks his first year. Hell, she's confident and strong on any litmus test and Harry can't help but be bolstered by her words, ready to fight another day so to speak. While he considers some new tactics to implement - on the field and in a more mental preparation type way - Harry finds he doesn't feel the need to drop his eyes from Ginny's. And she hasn't either. It's almost tangible, the feeling building in his chest. So much that he almost wishes it was mutual. Until he remembers Dean and severs the connection. "Thanks, Gin." Her smile is small, but real enough. "Anytime Harry." By November 2nd, Harry's so fed up with Ron and his constant fuming and grouching around, he's almost willing to forget the past six years of friendship for the two minutes he'd need to properly bitchslap his best mate. Seeing that nobody (maybe except Ginny) would regard such behaviour as captain-y, Harry sighs and sucks it up. There's a match they must win today after all. So he pretends his little old hand slips with a dash of lucky potion exactly when Hermione happens to be looking. Oops. At least now Ron's chuffed and his ego oiled and pampered enough to pull some actual Keeping out of him. Harry can see it in the way Ron walks, prances, struts his way to the pitch - and he shakes his head and smiles. The match is certainly theirs. It's only when Harry catches a glimpse of red from the corner of his eye, rapidly obstructed by broader, less delightful Dean-shaped figure hovering over her for his own version of Felix Felicis: a kiss from Ginny. Something inside Harry's chest growls dangerously and he draws a long, shuddering breath to silence it. Not the time, he thinks. Jaw set and hardened, Harry trots together with the Gryffindor team, entering the pitch in roaring, thundering applause. It's deafening. And they do win - how could they not? It's exhilarating, and the whole team gathers in a spine-numbing hug around Harry, and Ron's so proud and glowing the knowledge that this win is his as much as any of the others'. Until Hermione just can't help herself and confronts Harry so he admits, figures it's safe to let Ron know it was all him now. No Felix, only him. But of course he finds a way to turn his win into a kick to his ego, it's Ron. Looking at his best mates hurt and mad, at Ginny disappearing with Dean, at his team chanting their way back to the castle in the midst of happy shouts from their fellow Gryffindors, Harry can't bring himself to feel too excited. There's an annoying voice at the back of his mind whispering that the worst is yet to come. Dumbledore should just hire him to co-teach Divination with Trelawny and Firenze because it seems he's a natural at it. Exactly as he feared, things do take a new, ugly turn just when he relaxes enough to forget about the looming danger of his best mates jumping at each other's throats and Ginny points out that Ron's already jumped - but not at Hermione and in a totally different way than Harry's imagined. Ron and Lavender. Lavender and Ron. All Harry can do is blink and...blink some more. Talk about unexpected. The door to the Common Room slams shut and Harry closes his eyes tightly, silently curses Ron and slips out after Hermione, unnoticed. It's hard seeing her like this, heart broken and crying all alone. Harry tries his best to support her, but he knows it's useless...If he allows himself three seconds of honesty, he'd actually tell her that he'd been feeling the same for awhile. So they sit next to each other in silence, the sad and the broken. Until Ron barges in, Lavender in a fit of giggles in his wake and Hermione looks more mad than Harry's ever seen her. The insane, pained look in her eyes - it's terrifying. And she curses him, and Harry catches the shock on his best friend's face before the birds hit and the pain sets in. What a mess. Later, when he says goodbye to Hermione in the Common Room, Harry climbs the stairs to his dorm feeling bereft, opens the door and readies himself for another blow. But Dean's inside, head leaning towards Seamus. It seems like Harry's interrupted an important talk because both boys jump a bit when he walks in. Still, Harry pays them no mind and rushes out through the door, Cloak securely in his pocket. "What the fuck." Harry grins. There's only one mouth who could've said that, belonging to only one person who could've guessed there's someone attempting to sneak out of the Gryffindor Tower invisibly. "Hello to you too," Harry bumps Ginny's elbow from under the Cloak. "Going incognito, are we?" Ginny arches an eyebrow, looking somewhere in Harry's general direction. "Too much drama, had to hide." She pretends to sigh, "Ah, well, I was about to hit the kitchen for some hot milk with cinnamon but don't let me stop your little undercover mission." It's an invitation to food and mischief and Harry's not about to let it slip by. "Lead on." Ginny does grin, satisfied and raises her palms to feel around her, "Make way, I'm coming in." "You sure it's enough space for the both of us?" Harry teases. She takes one look at him and shrugs. "Not my fault if that bum of yours got too big. You should really cut down on your treacle tart intake." Harry pouts and tickles her mercilessly in return. His fingers play over her middle, tickling everywhere as she laughs and dances away from him, Cloak fluttering around them but Harry doesn't care. All he wants now is her laugh, loud and boisterous, and Ginny...Ginny, with her freckled face and blazing look, Ginny laughing in his arms as they're hidden in plain sight. Ginny. He doesn't have the map, but by now sneaking to the kitchens is something he could do in his sleep. Overall, it feels nice to be doing something stealthy for reasons related to treacle tart and impressing a girl rather than investigating the dark activities of your classmates. The journey from the common room passes quickly as Ginny murmurs cheeky stories about each of the portraits; likely made up and all the more fun for it. When he tickles the pear and slips inside behind Ginny, Dobby is immediately on them, nearly knocking Harry over as he tucks the Invisibility Cloak away. Ginny grins at Harry over Dobby's head as they're ushered to one of the long tables and seated with much prodding from the house elf's spindly fingers. As has become something of a custom, Dobby praises Harry to an excessive degree and with Ginny as witness, he can't help but blush. Once they've requested treacle tart and warm milk to go along with it, Dobby departs with a flap of his ears and Ginny nudges Harry. "Eleven year old me would be so disappointed." "Because I'm quite boring and sneak about to get treats?" Ginny laughs. "No - that would've been a selling feature. I mean young Ginny fancied herself your biggest fan, but it appears she's been overtaken." Grinning, Harry props his chin on his hand and for some reason decides now will be the time he's finally able to wink without looking like he's got something in his eyes. Based on Ginny's stifled chuckles, he doesn't succeed, but he can't really hate anything that raises that smile on her face. Dobby returns, deposits their plates and mugs on the table, and disappears off to manage something or other while Harry cuts two healthy slices from the fresh tart. "He's never given me a singing card though." And then, to Harry's everlasting joy, Ginny actually blushes and stalls for time by taking a sip so overlarge she begins coughing almost instantly. He rises, ready to slap her back or do any manner of things to set her right - even the torture of a purely medical press of his lips to hers - but she soon recovers. Ginny swipes the tears from her eyes with a sigh. "That was not nice." "Haven't you heard? I'm both deluded and a delinquent." "Is that a quote from Umbridge or Skeeter?" Ginny asks around a bite of treacle. "Joke's on you, it was Snape," Harry shoots back, taking a long sip of his milk. "Well if the supreme potions master turned defense against the dark arts teacher says so it must be true," Ginny drawls, placing air quotes around defense. Harry pushes his glasses up, more for something to do than from genuine need, and nibbles on a bit of crust. "D'you trust him?" Her smile is sad now, even as her eyes bore into his. "I find the number of people I genuinely trust gets smaller and smaller with each passing year. You're probably the only person I would say that to." "Dunno if my agreement is a vote of confidence in the intelligence of your judgment," Harry mutters, picking at his tart. Scoffing, Ginny tosses a serviette in his face and cuts another sliver for herself. "Stuff it, you know you're brilliant. I came here for sweets, not to fluff your ego so you turn into a preening arsehole," she grins at the end, her lips twisted in a dangerous smile, "Speaking of my brother-" "He and Hermione may end me before ol' Moldy-shorts." "Not like it's any of my business," Harry drawls, turning a page of the Prince's book, "But shouldn't you tell him?" "And what exactly should I be telling who?" Hermione volleys right back, tone a little waspish. Harry draws in a breath, already regretting he's opened the subject - but they are in the library and if he's forced to spend another hour with Hermione looking at Ron out of the corner of her eye and Ron looking back at her from two tables away, where he's studying with Lavender and Parvati, he's pretty positive he'll basically move in with Hagrid. "Ron. Why don't you just tell Ron that you're sorry?" Hermione slams her book shut, looks at Harry dangerously. "Whatever should I be sorry for?" "Does it even matter?" Harry answers, clipped. "Look, Hermione," he pauses and sighs, "the two of you are my best mates and it's difficult watching you angsting around instead of talking and, you know, sorting things out." "Well then," Hermione jumps to her feet like an angry cat, "I will go angst somewhere else then." Harry can hear her stomping out of the library, completely ignoring Madam Pince or anyone else for that matter. With one last look at Ron, Harry lays his forehead on the old battered book, removes his glasses and closes his eyes. Why is having feelings so complicated? When Harry finally convinces himself that there'll be no more studying in the real sense of the word for the day, he throws all his stuff in his bag, takes another look at Ron's ginger head, hoping he'd somehow manage to telepathically convey that he's acting a bit like a git for the wrong reasons, then trots out of the library, the castle, and down towards Hagrid's. Later, when he's gorged himself on Hagrid's special rock cakes and he'd drank enough hot tea to keep the cold outside at bay, Harry finally starts to feel better. It's nice near the fire, Fang resting his big head on his lap as Harry scratches him between the ears. "I heard Ron's with Lavender, eh?" Hagrid starts, dropping on the seat next to Harry, his pink apron fluttering about him. Harry raises one eyebrow, but grins, "News travel at the speed of light, then." "We professors know more than you kids think," he chuckles pleased. There's a pause, interrupted only by Fang's deep snores. "How's Hermione?" Harry studies him intently before he answers. "She's been better, I suppose." "Ye know, Harry, I like Ron. He's a good lad, but sometimes he's not too smart," Hagrid stares into the dancing flames of the fire and shakes his head, dark hair falling down in rings around his big, kind face. "Why do you say that?" "Yer a smart boy, ye'll figure it out," Hagrid winks. "And Hermione too, she ain't the brightest witch o' her age for nothing. They are somethin' , those redheads. Right, Harry?" He goes on to chuckle and Harry can feel himself blush. Yet he pretends he didn't understand, finds a good enough excuse to leave and drags his feet back to the castle in the near dark of an end of day, his bag full with rock cakes and untouched homework. He falls asleep that night holding the Marauder's Map, eyes boring into Ginny's dot, waiting for it to move and return to the Common Room, to at least exit the classroom it shared with Dean's dot for the past hour. Ironic, if Ron only knew there was only one wall between himself and his sister… Harry's last thought before he dreams is of Hermione and how lucky she is not to have a magical Map. Over time, one of the strangest things Harry's realized about his life - which seems quite adventurous to an outsider - is that it's filled with long stretches of normalcy. The difficulty that is singular to his particular situation, is that even the most calm, boring, normal times feel like borrowed minutes that will turn sour and deadly at any moment. Living with this sort of dichotomy of feelings leaves him to sleepless or fitful nights, and often a sour stomach that can't quite manage to settle. As a result, his today breakfast is a sparse affair with barely buttered toast and a cup of tea so strong his spoon could stand. Overall, when he takes a figurative step back and examines himself, Harry can admit he's having something of a pity party. His best mates are quarreling like a couple on the verge of divorce, the girl he should think of like a sister is haunting his daydreams in decidedly non sisterly ways, everyone seems to be dating except him, and most days he's torn between avoiding seeing Ginny and Dean or Ron and Lavender. Really though, the thing he feels the most angry about is the fact that he really doesn't have the luxury to dwell on any of that shite. He's bloody sixteen years old and instead of spending his free time escaping the library and mooning over a girl who fancied him until right about when he...did not. He does not. Regardless, the point is he's spending most days diving into a genocidal maniac's childhood and trying to determine exactly how his classmate is going to wreak dark magic havoc on the unsuspecting student body, rather than wallowing like a good, normal, angsty teenager. So he does the only thing he knows. After breakfast, Harry manages to wedge himself between students and slip from the hall and out onto the grounds. Nothing like a good fly to calm his wild thoughts, he muses on the way. He reaches the stands in record time, retrieves his broom and feels it hum to life in his palm, and finally trots out to the snowy pitch. Only to find he's not the only student with the idea. And as he watches her fly in graceful arcs across the sky, swirling and sending her hair twisting like a wild red pennant, Harry's chest clenches. She flips upside down, arms spread as she lets out a loud whoop and Harry feels himself breathe freely, even if just for a moment, and slips back into the shadows.
A/N: here you all go! December is here and we are happy to share this holiday season update. much love, fightfortherightsofhouseelves & gryffindormischief December roars in like a lion, harsh and unrelenting with gusting winds and ever growing snowdrifts that seem to hedge the castle's inhabitants inside either by impassibility or impossibility. The wind chill dipped low enough that Harry nearly didn't try to sneak out for a fly, but even as he did Filch and Madam Hooch each caught Harry on his path to the pitch. Still, he did duck their attention and sneak past the courtyard beneath his cloak. And yet, the moment his boots crunched in the snow, Harry felt as if the cold, blustering wind chapped nearly every inch of his body, exposed or not. Disappointed and somewhat damp, Harry trooped back indoors and did his best to vanish his puddling tracks to avoid detection as well as detention. Harry feels like a bit of a ponce for laughing at his own joke but honestly he's begun to reach the point where he can't deny himself simple, dull pleasures when the majority of his existence feels like one self-denial after the next. The most glaring of which, is an increasingly uncomfortable pang ringing through his chest every time he sees the swish of Ginny's robes, his lungs draw in a breath of her scent, or she says something brilliant and cheeky. Hell, sometimes he's sitting in the humid greenhouses listening to Professor Sprout warn them about some venomous, bloodsucking, carnivorous something or other and Harry's mind wanders to the slant of Ginny's smile or the delightful peal of her laughter. And then Ron will pass him a note or just let out a snort in his sleep and Harry feels the chain of responsibility to his best mate tighten around his heart. It wouldn't be a betrayal in the classic sense. But risking Ron, the Weasleys, Hermione - and even Ginny herself - for the possibility of returned...feelings or whatever seems like a gamble he can't take. Not when everything good in his life seems like it hangs from one delicate thread. Now, as he sits across from Ron in the common room, each half-assing the chapter questions to prepare them for the next day's Potions lesson, Harry shoves all thoughts of Ginny down low and deep so they settle like lead in his stomach. At least it feels like he can breathe again. Which is for the best, since his Lavender-free Ron time is low and half the time when he does get it there's some related drama that manages to worm its way in. So when they're nearing the end of their problem sets - with the Prince's assist - Harry decides to take full advantage and grabs the community chess board. "How'd you like to wipe the floor with me in a game?" Ron frowns thoughtfully. "I can always tutor you, Harry," and then a hint of mischief teases his lips, "You're not a total dunce." Kicking his shin beneath the table, Harry shoves their books and other detrius aside, settling the board on the table with a dull thud and the clatter of loose pieces. Considering this is a community board, it's remarkable how many pieces have remained intact and actually with the board. Plus, it's an unspoken rule that if a student finds the board with missing pieces they are obligated to fill the empty place with something creative and magically enhanced. Overall, they've just got mismatched bits from other boards and one intricate Origami-type knight that flits about the board rather than sliding like the rest. Harry and Ron volley the first few rounds back and forth quickly, and almost as quickly Harry loses two pawns and Ron commands his full army like a proud general. The fire crackles warmly in the grate as they continue game-play with no losses and Ron gradually enacts what Harry's almost certain will be his undoing. It's an odd thing because on one hand, Harry hates to lose and on the other, watching Ron in action is a sight to behold. Although the casual 'tips' that really sound more like taunts are going to earn him some itching powder in his sheets. Harry's just finally taken one pawn and from the gleam in Ron's eye fallen right into the trap set for him, when the sickly sweet scent of Lavender's perfume engulfs the table. And though Ron's hormone induced googly eyes have cleared somewhat since that fateful victory party, he still abandons Harry mid-game with promises to resume. Leaving Harry positive that the itch powder plot will definitely be unleashed and wondering whether this is how relationships go. It's not that he doesn't understand the infatuation, he wishes he didn't to be honest, but to be so wrapped up - and to let someone be so wrapped up. Not that it's Lavender's fault, but could it be right to be with someone who doesn't recognize how important your mates are? To let someone take so much of your sense that you alienate one and ditch the other at the drop of a hat? He doesn't begrudge Ron fun, or a life outside of him and Hermione, but things should fit not drive a wedge. At least in Harry's mind. His dream girlfriend would fit in right alongside them all, bust his arse and tease Ron, love Hermione and give her a run for her money. She would - well perhaps further detail isn't the best considering his train of thought gets narrower and narrower and it begins to become clear that his dream, his ideal, is very real and very unattainable. The days until December 20, when the Slug Club Christmas Party will be upon Harry and his frail nerves (and probably so will jolly Professor Slughorn), resemble a maze filled with booby traps to Harry. In this particular case, the booby traps are laid by fellow Gryffindor Romilda Vane, by his best mates' quarreling, by Ron snogging Lavender ostentatiously all over Hogwarts, and of course by Draco plotting his sneaky plots in full liberty because no one would simply listen. By December 20, at precisely eight in the evening, Romilda Vane's tried to push spiked gillywater on him, offered him probably love potion infested Chocolate Cauldrons, if what Hermione's heard in the girls' bathroom is correct. Hermione herself announced she's attending the party with that McLaggen buffoon so loud that she might as well have shouted from the Astronomy Tower while Ron morphed into the pettiest version of himself by laughing at Hermione in class leaving Luna of all people as the one to comfort her back in the girls' bathroom again. So many things happening in that bathroom, so many stupid feelings Harry really doesn't want to deal with. Therefore he sends everything to hell and surprises himself by inviting Luna to the party, as friends. At least she's a decent human being, doesn't giggle absurdly, and is genuinely kind. At least he has that. And the Prince. Yeah, the Prince helps more than his real life friends most of these days. Forlorn and sighing, Harry nearly confesses his loneliness and despair to Hedwig since both friends aren't available and Ginny's...probably getting ready for her date with Dean Thomas. He hasn't asked, but by now Harry's fairly certain she's bound to go with Dean to the Slug Club party, dance with Dean, kiss Dean. With another sigh, Harry checks the time: 7:50 PM. Time to go. As he enters the theatrically adorned chamber next to Luna, a crowd of girls glowering in their wake, his eyes scan the space for hints of red hair. Instead, he finds Hermione looking harassed and dishevelled, in a hurry to escape McLaggen's less than desirable presence and attentions. He'd really love to confront her with a most heartfelt I told you so, but he's got more pressing matters on his plate at the moment. Such as why isn't Ginny at the party, is she alright, what did that berk do to her and also why is that slimy git Malfoy sneaking in? Isn't he supposed to have known Slughorn since he was in nappies or some such? If he'd ever be asked to recount what happened after Malfoy's impromptu appearance, he'd only be able to say what he'd been saying for the past four months: that Draco Malfoy is up to something. Which apparently is not enough for anybody because the situation is as stale as before. Malfoy is indeed up to something, Snape is helping him and the world is closing its eyes and ears and letting it happen. Brilliant. As he drags his feet back to the Common Room, Harry's mind buzzing with the latest information, he still has half a hope that the Fat Lady will swing aside to let him in and there'll be Ginny, alone in the armchair by the fire, studying or maybe even taking a moment to relax in spite of the ever looming OWLs. But there's no one waiting for him behind the portrait door and no fire in the hearth. Just the Common Room, drafty and chill, motionless and deadly quiet in the dark. There's no Dean either in their shared bedroom. No Ron and no Seamus. Only Neville, lightly snoring from beneath his sheets. Perhaps they've all gone to a party of their own. Perhaps they're happy and laughing and don't need him anymore. Perhaps...it's time he sleeps. After all, they'll be leaving Hogwarts soon and there's so much he needs to do before he boards the train. Harry sighs, hugs the pillow closer to his chest and closes his eyes. The train trundles over the tracks that slice through the Scottish countryside, dark against the blanket of snow continually refreshed by flurries slowly drifting from the clouds overhead. Harry's tried more than a few times to close his eyes for a brief rest, only to be jostled either nearly to the floor or so that his forehead slams against the chilled glass window. Even if he could find a comfortable position, his mind is still whirring with the details of Snape and Malfoy's conversation. It had been just vague enough that no one was going to believe him. At least not enough to actually do something with the information. Nevermind that Malfoy had bashed Harry's nose in and left him for dead or at least for severe discomfort and intense inconvenience. Harry was apparently reading into things, imagining the odd conversations and even stranger behavior, and Malfoy meanwhile was a bloody Prefect. Honestly, it's reached the point where it feels as if his life has no point. He tries and searches and puts himself in danger and still each year it's a random series of events that he can't plan or prepare for that lead to near death or - well in the worst cases there have been deaths. And for all Harry's targeted by Voldemort and his supporters, it never feels like he's earned the distinction by doing anything but somehow managing to stay alive. He's just let his forehead thud against the glass again, the cool pane easing the ever-present ache of his scar, when the compartment door slides open. Harry's hoping for Ron, sans Lavender and his recent bad attitude, but finds another Weasley studying him curiously. "Hey, Gin." She blinks. "What's with the face, sad man?" Slumping lower in his seat, Harry props his legs on the opposite bench and sighs. "I just feel - do you ever - " He can't quite work out the words to explain himself, not without sounding like a wingy baby or giving Ginny a dangerous amount of information. When he glances up, Ginny's still eyeing him speculatively. "You haven't narrowed things down much with those little fragments," Ginny says, lips kicking up in a wry half smile. "It just feels like, year after year, I'm left with these huge decisions and responsibilities and people die and it's my fault. And still no one ever believes me when I tell them shite is about to go down." Ginny pauses a moment before perching on the bench opposite him and smoothing her school robes. "I think - well I suppose the first thing I should like to address is the fact that none of this is ever your fault, Harry." Her eyes are watery and her voice is low and full of fire as she continues, gaze pinned to her dark tights. "Riddle, he - he does what he wants, when he wants, and you're one of the far too few people who've recognized him for what he is and done something about it. Not sitting around the wireless and having a good long chat. You're - you're always out in the thick of things and risking your stupid, noble neck and if idiots like Skeeter or anyone else have shite to say about you well then - " One angry tear escapes down her cheek, though her jaw is set firm. "Then they'll have me to answer to, yeah?" She chuckles darkly and shrugs, "As for nobody believing you, I'd suggest lessons from Lockhart but I suppose that's not really feasible, eh?" "He was fairly expert winning converts." There's a pause and quiet settles between them while the Hogwarts Express rattles through the snow before Ginny rises and pats Harry's knee. "For what it's worth, I'm always in your corner." "I could be a complete nutter." "You haven't been wrong yet," Ginny says with a shrug as she grips the door handle, "Except about that weird moustache attempt at the start of October. Not good." Harry flushes. "Ron is a pranking arsehole." "Sure," Ginny winks. Rubbing at the back of his neck, Harry manages a somewhat strangled goodbye. "Have a uh - nice time with Dean." Ginny's mouth opens and closes around nothing before she smiles, almost forced seeming. "Sure. See you at home then." Like Hogwarts, the Burrow has always given Harry a very at home feeling. The smell of a fresh, steaming meal cooked with love and care, the lilt of so many laughs shared between the cramped little house's inhabitants, the paper chains and fairy lights Ginny likes to put up every Christmas, everything gives Harry the feeling that he's welcomed and safe. Hermione's presence is the only missing element to Harry, mostly in the moments they usually spent in the room beneath the attic. He can picture every detail, Hermione sitting cross legged on one of the beds, a book on her lap, Ron and Harry daring each other to another round of Exploding Snap or simply laughing - probably because Fleur said something equally snotty and funny while Mrs Weasley nearly combusted and Bill looked lovingly at his bride to be. But Hermione isn't here and Ron and her aren't talking anymore. Harry doesn't want to complain, Ron's his best mate and all, but Lavender just gifted him a ghastly Won-Won locket for Christmas and if Ron's too daft to put a stop to this then someone really should. In all fairness, Kreacher's maggots aren't that appalling right now. Or maybe they are and Harry's just a bit sour that his best mate and his girlfriend are gross, who knows. Still, when Harry lightly jokes about this with Ginny because he can't really help himself and he's long since stopped denying himself the simple pleasure of...conversing with her (and perhaps peeking to see if Dean's sent her anything for Christmas - a failed mission, Ginny's much too careful and private), her only reaction is: "Don't you dare knock some sense into him. This is too entertaining to stop so soon." And the mischievous grin on her face as she says it is what truly does Harry in: he accepts that he either blurts out his feelings or combusts from the pressure of keeping everything mashed up inside his chest. Thankfully, it's Bill who saves him from something that could have easily become Harry's single most embarrassing memory by calling them both to help with Christmas dinner preparations. Ginny marches down with a roll of her eyes and a snide comment, while Harry feels lighter somehow and so very thankful. Before he steps out of the living room however Bill's hand falls steady on his shoulder. "Don't take too long," he says, looking Harry in the eye for a beat. Harry's left to wonder what to say, if he intended to convey what Harry thinks he did, and finally how did he guess... It's funny how other people can read your heart in an instant when it takes you months to even begin to realise. Life's funny like that. Harry's life at least. When Harry reaches the cosy dinner party, he's pushed in a chair between Fleur and Ron, the latter's mouth already full with what seems to be a bite of what each platter has to offer. The table's an impressive blend between mouth-watering smells and the clatter of forks and knives, the hearth crackling invitingly in the background, the room lit with candles upon candles perched on lampads serenely floating by magic. Turkey, roast potatoes, stuffing, pigs in blankets, Yorkshire Pudding, gravy, Brussel sprouts, cranberry sauce, Christmas pudding, and mince pies, all garnish the Weasley family table as the wireless plays lowly (sans Celestina Warbeck tonight) and they eat and talk and feel merry. "Is Hermione not joining us, dear?" Mrs Weasley asks the room at large although, to Harry, her question seems pointed. Ron coughs briefly into his plate, grunts something akin to a "No" as Ginny takes her time rolling her eyes for a dramatic effect. "She was - er, busy," Harry half-asses an excuse as he generously dips another bite of turkey into a nice serving of gravy. "What I'd give to be sixteen again and starting a relationship," Mrs Weasley chuckles, her eyes glazed over, mind already down memory lane. "What would you give, Molly dear?" Mr Weasley teases. "Oh, I don't know, but remember the thrill of seeing each other in Hogsmeade, Arthur? Nothing compared to those weekends. Ah, so lovely being young and in love," she smiles, rising to bring another plate full of steaming hot turkey. And perhaps it's not just Harry who notices the ill looking shade on Ron's face and that his fork hasn't scooped any bites for a good couple of minutes. "How're things with that Dean Thomas guy, little sis?" Bill changes the topic, casually asking over the dinner table and Harry can swear he'd seen him wink in his general direction. Ginny simply shrugs, "None of your business." "Now come on, Ginny," Fred grins. "We're only looking after you, as responsible big brothers," George continues. "No need," she drawls between two spoonfuls of pudding. "We heard he's a good flyer," George pipes up, grinning dangerously. "But does he have any other qualities?" Fred wiggles his eyebrows. Ginny pauses, looks them both in the eyes and mutters, "Plenty." To be completely honest, Harry was expecting a furtive glance or maybe a different answer - perhaps a merge between "He's a terrible kisser" and "I've dumped him." Instead a simple word, plenty, is what makes his food come back with haste and it takes all his willpower to fight it back. Plenty. He's now joined Ron in the ill looking, besotted fools' corner, unable to eat another bite because suddenly everything tastes like bleach down his throat. Always together like the best mates they are, eh. Plenty. And it all goes further down spiralling at lightning speed when Percy, as pompous as ever, trots in importantly, the Minister at his tails. Harry can't recall exactly when everybody's retreated to their rooms, Mrs Weasley a mess of tears and hiccups, Mr Weasley looking broken hearted and all their children feeling angry and ready to throw a punch up Percy's nose. Hell, Harry feels the same and him and Percy aren't even related. The following five days leading up to the New Year are somewhat tamer, freestyle Quidditch (Christmas themed), listening to Bill and Fleur swap stories from Egypt and France, and Exploding Snap tournaments with a Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes twist included. Learning about Veelas and curse breaking amongst century old mummies of former pharaohs is more interesting than Harry'd ever guessed and he can't help but think that both Bill and Fleur might fit better in an Indiana Jones movie than crammed in a small cottage in Devon. Which is a slightly peculiar thought considering he himself has always hated the spotlight but somehow some of the Weasleys seem to belong there, to dazzle, to impress effortlessly. Ginny, for instance, she's...a superb flyer. She'd belong nowhere better than on a pitch, kicking arse and smart-mouthing everyone around her, wild red hair flying all over, impish smile widely flashing. Ginny. Unwillingly he'd found himself around her a great deal more since that little "plenty" thing. As if she's sought him again and again, as if to show him that perhaps she didn't mean it like it sounded. But then again why wouldn't she? Dean is her boyfriend, as Harry'd been so bluntly reminded not five days before. Still, whenever he does find a cosy spot on the couch, there's Ginny next to him. At the table, his elbow bumps into hers as they eat, exchanging looks and jokes unspoken. Before bed, her eyes linger just a second longer, her fingers fiddling, teeth sinking into her bottom lip. And as they celebrate the New Year - ah, Harry believes he needs a good old crowbar over the head because she's beautiful, her deep brown eyes filled with sparks and colours as the fireworks crash and collide in the night sky, and he's insane enough to stand next to her. He's such a fool. Ten. Nine. Eight. She looks up at him, eyes big and waiting. Seven. Six. His heart beats faster. Five. Four. Three. "Harry…" Two. "Would you...?" One. Her hands clasp at the back of his neck, her temple flush against his chest, against that heart that can't stop beating and he sits there like a sad, sad fool as Ginny slowly dips her head to look him in the eyes. She's impossibly beautiful, flowery scent intoxicating his brain. "Harry, do you promise me?" He has no idea what she's asking him to promise, but he is completely certain he'd even promise her the moon if only she'd ask for it. "What we talked about on our way home. On the train." What they talked about…? Oh. "Promise you'll stay away from danger this year, that you'll fight that noble impulse of yours? Bugger Malfoy or Snape or anyone else, just stay safe, Harry, please," she whispers, arms still around him and Harry hopes she'd hold him like that forever. Forever only lasts a second and not more sometimes because as soon as he nods, she's gone with another glance full to the brink with something so intense and yet with absolutely nothing. Happy New Year, Harry. You're still all alone and very lonely.
