So this will be a AU Story about Ron and Hermione, were Ron is an Auror and Hermione is his healer. They don't know each other in the beginning, but they will definitely get in touch :-) We (4 girls) wrote this story some weeks ago and we are not finished yet. So this will be a multichapter Story. Just for your information: we are from Germany and our English is not on the highest level. We still hope that you like the story. You are very welcome to inform us about mistakes we made with our translation. We always try our best but we are open for help! So we hope you enjoy it (despite the mistakes we made :-P) The Weasleygirls Chapter 1:St. Mungo Harry (yelling): Watch out, Ron! Yet another curse heads for another direction. Ron just threw himself to the ground as he fired anew repelling charm out of his wand directly towards a Death Eater, who had surrounded them. Either Harry fired around himself and tried to cover Ron, but again out of nowhere some Death Eaters appeared which made it actually harder for them. It have been that way for almost half an hour ever since they stormed the little house on the outskirts of England to shadow and arrest some former Death Eaters. But now they were surrounded. There was no way out. Harry and Ron have been the best Aurors in their unit for almost two years now but nevertheless, this time there were fatal problems that none of them had expected. Ron was an absolutely splendid strategist who could change his approach quickly. Harry was the one who makes a plan and racks his brain over every mission before it was even happening. As in their years at Hogwarts, both of them complemented each other perfectly. But now they were stuck. Ron couldn't count how many of them were there. There were to many… he prayed that he and his best friend would make it out alive. We fought against Lord Voldemort and conquered him and now we're supposed to die here? I can't let Harry die! He loves my sister and she loves him, too! She'd kill me…and what have you got to lose, Ron? You've been single since Lavender and… But he couldn't think any further. He heard Harry scream. He jumped to his feet and saw that one of the Death Eaters was pointing his wand at Harry. Soon after, Harry's wand flew through the air. Ron cursed and jumped in front of his best friend. He aimed at the attacker of Harry and the guy fell to the ground. A moment later everything went black and Ron hits the ground. *Another place, another time* All hell broke loose at St. Mungo's. Several healers and nurses were running around. Hermione was stressed out because injured people were constantly brought into the hospital. She recognized a dark haired man with glasses, who carried in another man with ginger hair. The man was completely taken aback and was looking around frightened. Man: Help! Here… I need help! Hermione and some healers immediately ran to him. Hermione: Sir, we'll take care of him! Healer: Auror Potter! And this is Auror Weasley, am I right?! Hermione had a puzzled expression, because she didn't know exactly why he knew those two. Harry (teary-eyed): Yes.. Please take care of him! He was struck by a curse. I don't know exactly which one… The healers carried off Ron on an approaching stretcher, whereas Hermione stopped in front of the man who apparently was called Potter. Hermione: Mr. Potter, would you please follow me? I need some informations about Mr. Weasley so we can admit him to our hospital! Oh.. And are you alright or do you need to see a healer? Harry was worried about Ron but Hermione ripped him from his thoughts. Hermione: Mr. Potter? Are you alright? Would you like to be examined by a healer so that you are on the safe side? Harry (shaking his head): Sorry? Oh.. Eh.. No! I'm fine… at least physically. I'm just worried about my partner. He has… he was… this Death Eater hits him with a curse… which was actually meant for me! Harry let himself sink to one of the chairs in the reception area of St. Mungo's and buried his face in his hands. Hermione sat next to him and gently laid her hand on his shoulder. Hermione (reassuring): Mr. Potter, I fully understand your concern but you shouldn't blame yourself for what happened. Your partner would have had his reasons to help you and he won't want you to blame yourself for everything. I promise you we'll take good care of his health here. Everything will be fine, we have the best healers. She smiled encouragingly at him and hoped to have calmed him down a bit. Harry took a deep breath and smiled back, even still a bit tortured. Harry: Thanks. You're right. But, you know, so many people have sacrificed themselves for me. I just couldn't stand it if he… He couldn't talk any further because he had to swallow the tears that came up. Hermione: Okay.. I have an idea. I'll ask a colleague to record the important data of Mr. Weasley. In the meantime I'll try to find out what curse hit him and how fast we can help him. I'll let you know as quickly as I can. Is that alright? Hermione had no idea what the man in front of her must have experienced in his life but she realized it was necessary to relieve him of some of his worries. He seemed to accept her offer because he looked up and nodded silently. Hermione went to the reception desk of the hospital and asked her colleague to record Mr. Weasley's data with the help of Mr. Potter. She introduced the two to each other and she went into the treatment room, where the red-haired man was examined at the time. When she entered the room, several healers were scurrying around the, seemingly unconscious, man. Hermione came closer and took a look at his face. It was bloody, like his whole body and he was littered with cuts. Hermione: Apparently "Sectum sempra"... Mr. Johnson, the chief healer looked at Hermione and nodded. Mr Johnson: Very good, Mr. Granger. What else would you say about his condition? Hermione took a few steps and took a closer look at Ron's condition. She took her wand and checked his vitals. Hermione: His pulse is very low… probably because of the massive blood loss.. Hermione was mumbling something while she examined his body with her wand. She looked at the chief healer in shock. Hermione: Cruciatus? Healer Johnson: Very good.. What else? Hermione: But Sir… He could've… Healer Johnson: Yeah.. He could've died… Hermione looked at the Redhead who was still unconscious. She took a closer look and suddenly she noticed how handsome he was. His ginger hair was wildly messed-up and now, that the traces of blood had been removed, his face looked so loving. Red stubbles covered his face and made him look more manly. His body was muscular and he looked tall and fit. Hermione swallowed hard. Hermione: I'm.. Eh… I'll let his family know.. Hermione went out and thought about why she was so moved by the fate of this young man. She couldn't explain it to herself. There was something unique about him, but she didn't know what it was. Hermione went back to the waiting room where the partner of the red-haired Auror was still waiting. In the meantime his whole family seemed to have joined. The room was filled with countless people with copper hair. A couple, around 50 years old, held each other in their arms. The man tried to sooth the weeping woman by stroking her back gently. Hermione was sure that these two had to be the young man's parents. There were also four nervous looking young men, talking quietly. Next to the young Auror sat a young woman sobbing in his arms and Hermione could hear her say something like she didn't want to lose another brother. She saw him gently holding the readhead in his arms, whispering something soothing in her ear and kissing her temple. These two also had to be a couple, Hermione suspected. She wondered if this family had experienced anything bad in the second wizarding war. The small hints of Mr. Potter and the words of the young lady indicated that. Hermione shook of her thoughts off and walked towards the family. Hermione (clearing her throat): Mr. and Mrs. Weasley? Harry got up and walked up to her. Harry: How is he doing? Is he gonna make it? Molly (sobbing): We're his family! Oh please tell us that our son and brother isn't going to die! Tears were streaming down the woman's face as she stood in front of Hermione pleadingly. Hermione could barely stand to see it. The desperate faces in front of her made her feel very uncomfortable. Hermione: I'm Hermione Granger, healer in training. I just got out of the treatment room and I want to be honest with you, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Your son has lost a lot of blood and is currently unconscious. He was both struck by the Cruciatus curse and sectum sempra and it's a miracle that he's still alive. She looked at the shocked faces in front of her and quickly continued to speak to take away their fears. Hermione: I can tell you he's stable for now. His wounds have been treated perfectly and he needs to take a few potions over the next few days so that his blood loss can be compensated. We just put him in a coma so his body can recover faster. George (relieved): Thank Merlin! And Mum, the coma is probably the best for him. You know Ronniekins! When he wakes up, he probably wants to leave for the next mission right away! The woman had to smile lightly at the words of the tall, lanky redhead. He put an arm around her shoulder, pressed her to himself and kissed the top of her head. Harry: You could be quite right about that, George. How long does he have to stay in a coma? May we see him? Hermione: I think 24 hours will do, then we'll get him out of the coma. But he should stay here for two or three more days and when he's back home he will need your support. He should avoid work, sports, stress… and.. eh… sexual activities.. for two or three weeks. Oh and sure, you can see him when he's moved to his room. Molly: Thank you so much! Thank you for saving my son! I can't take any more losses. And of course, I'll make sure he doesn't overstrains himself. We're a big family and we're all gonna help him, aren't we? Everybody around Molly nodded in agreement. George couldn't stop himself from laughing. George (chuckling): Of course, Mum! And the sex ban shouldn't be a problem for our eternal bachelor. The red-headed girl slapped him on the back of his head. George (indignantly): Oi, what's that for? Ginny: Not everybody's a womanizer like you, George! And that's a good thing! Hermione had to smile and for some reason she was relieved that the handsome redhead didn't have a girlfriend.
Hey there, thank you so much for the first reviews :-) It's nice to read some comments about our story! We know our style of writing seems a bit odd in the beginning, because it's written like a play but we hope you get used to it! We thought it is a little more unique than literal speech so we decided to write that kind of way. Hopefully you don't mind :-) So here is the second chapter! Enjoy :-) The Weasleygirls Chapter 2: First encounter The next morning, as Hermione entered Mr. Weasley's room, some of his siblings and Mr. Potter were apparently already sitting there. Hermione: Oh eh... Sorry for interrupting... Molly: It's alright, it's alright dear! Go ahead… Hermione: I just wanted to administer some potions to Mr. Weasley…. Also the potion to wake him… Ginny: Will he wake up immediately? Hermione: Unfortunately, it can take a few hours. But we're trying to do our best! Molly: Of course you do! Thank you so much, my dear! If you don't mind, we'd go for a walk! Ronniekins will get along for a few minutes without us, won't he? Molly watched her son anxiously. Ginny stood by her side and put a hand on her arm, soothing her. Ginny: 'Course, Mum! Come on! I'm starving. I'm sure the healer takes good care of Ron for the moment. Hermione: Mrs. Weasley, you can go for a short walk. This will take a few minutes so it's no problem! Molly smiled lovingly at her and Hermione smiled back slightly. Molly, Ginny and the others left the infirmary. In the meantime Hermione went to the bed of the redhead. There she could read his full name on a board attached to the bed. Ronald Billius Weasley. She chuckled and gave him his potions. Hermione took some notes with her quill, which she always carried with her and mere seconds later, the man named Ronald began to move. Hermione was watching him with shock. Hermione: That's not possible! He moved back and forth and suddenly his eyes opened. Hermione: Mr. Weasley? His head slowly tilted to the tender voice he heard and at first he thought he was dreaming. He blinked several times as he recognized the young woman, who was the most gorgeous woman he ever saw in his entire life. She was slim and she had chocolate brown eyes. Her bushy, curly hair was tied to a ponytail and she smiled at him sweetly. Hermione: Don't be scared! You're at St. Mungos and I'm Hermione Granger, your healer, Mr. Weasley! How do you feel? He blinked again and slowly became conscious. Ron: Ehm.. To be quite honest… Pretty poorly… Hermione: Are you in pain? Should I fetch something for you? Ron: Oh eh.. No, no.. I'm just tired, that's all… Hermione: You were very lucky, Mr. Weasley Hermione had scribbled down some last notes, while Ron had observed her briefly. Ron: You work a lot, don't you? She looked up from her notes and watched him. Hermione: Ehm.. Pardon? Ron: I mean.. You look stressed.. Hermione: Do I? Hermione was amazed that he had watched her so closely, yet she thought it was somewhat rude of him. Ron: Yeah, kind of. So… Do you have a boyfriend? Hermione's jaw fell open. Hermione: Sorry? Ron: I take this as a no.. Good! What do you do when you're not working? Maybe we can meet for a cup of tea sometime? She shut her notebook and was a little bewildered how he talked to her. Why would he ask questions like that when he'd just awakened? But she still thought it was rather sweet how he looked at her with this lopsided grin on his face. Hermione: I'm… ehm… Suddenly the door opened and his family entered the room. Hermione quickly left the room, but Ron couldn't stop staring at her. Hermione was still stunned when she closed the door behind her. Sweet as he was, she thought asking questions like that was pretty brash. Why did he dare tell her she looked stressed, only to ask her out on a date in the same breath? Didn't his sister say that he wasn't the Playboy type, like his brother seemed to be? Maybe he was still dizzy from the meds and talked wildly because of that? After all, it had been unusual to wake up right after receiving the potion. Hermione decided to shake off her thoughts about Ron. She wouldn't see him again anyway because today she had her last day at St. Mungos to return to magic-university afterwards. So she went into the healer's room, gave a brief report of Ron's treatment and said goodbye to everyone. The only thing she wanted after her last night shift at St. Mungo was her bed and a good kip. About the same time in Ron's room Molly: Oh Ron.. Thank Merlin! While Molly carefully held her son in her arms and kept telling him how happy she was that he was getting better, Ginny couldn't forget the expression on Hermione's face. She had looked confused and angry at the same time and Ginny wondered why. Ginny: Ronniekins, I'm so glad you're okay. We were scared to death! But please tell me, what did you do to the nice healer? Molly (outraged) : Ginny! Your brother just woke up from a coma and you're asking him out about a healer? You can't be serious! Ron (with a lopsided grin on his face) : It's alright, Mum! It's simple, Ginny. I just asked her if she has a boyfriend and if we could have a tea-date sometime. All the others (at the same time) : You what? Ron (shrugging) : So what? She's hot! Everybody but Ron exchanged distraught looks and they were more than perplexed. Bill: Who are you and what did you do to my brother? George: Mum, you need to check if he's got a fever! He's probably still delirious… he would never do a thing like that, would he!? She took the words of her third youngest seriously and bent over Ron. She put her lips on his forehead to check if he was hot. She backed off in shock. Molly: He's feverish! Harry, my dear, could you go get the young healer? I do believe Ron has a fever and he needs an antipyretic potion! We can also take this as an opportunity to apologize for his brash behavior and explain everything to her. Harry just nodded and went outside as fast as he could to get Hermione back. On the hospital floor, he met the head healer Johnson. Harry: Excuse me, where can I find healer Granger? Healer Johnson : Oh, I'm sorry! She just finished her last shift here and she already used the floo network to get home. You should know, she's returning to university next week. May I help you instead? Harry: Oh.. Eh..yes! Ronald Weasley, who was admitted yesterday, seems to have a fever. When Miss Granger gave him the wake up potion he woke up immediately and asked her questions about her relationship with other men. We actually wanted to apologize to her and hoped it was caused by the fever. Ron usually is the shy type when it comes to women. He would never ask such inappropriate questions. Healer Johnson (laughing) : Oh my…. Dear Merlin! Poor Hermione. Now I understand why she looked so confused when she said goodbye. She just told us he woke up right after the treatment with the potion. This is indeed unusual and I think it's possible that his body reacts with a fever. And who's feverish can talk silly stuff sometimes, right? Harry had a lopsided grin on his face. He knew that the whole thing would be infinitely embarrassing to Ron especially if the words really came out of his mouth unintentionally. Healer Johnson: Come on, Mr. Potter, let's take a closer look at Mr. Weasleys condition. With these words they went back into Ron's room. As they entered the room, Ron chuckled happily and was telling strange things. Healer Johnson went to Ron and checked his temperature. Healer Johnson: Oh dear, the fever is pretty high. I'm assuming that's a side effect of the wake-up potion. As fast as he's awakened, I'm not really surprised… Ron (smiling) : Hello.. Oh… hey, you looked a little different earlier?! Healer Johnson looked back and forth between Ron and Molly and chuckled. Healer Johnson : I suggest I get a antipyretic potion for Mr Weasley, then be should be better tomorrow. Molly: Thank you! Healer Johnson smiled friendly and briefly left the room. Ron (gurgling): This guy is pretty weird… when's the beautiful healer coming back? Harry: Not at all for now, Ron. Ron: Oh no, why? She has a boyfriend, right? She was way too beautiful to be single… Ginny: Ron? Ron (grinning) :Yes, Gin? Ginny: Shut up! Ron chuckled happily and Ginny couldn't help but smile. Healer Johnson came back and gave Ron the antipyretic potion. Ron drank it all in one sip. Ginny bent over to Harry and whispered to him. Ginny: I swear to God… If he gets back to normal tomorrow, I'm gonna take the mickey out of him. Harry chuckled while Ron had fallen asleep again. Healer Johnson checked Hermine's notes and frowned. Harry: Healer Johnson, is everything alright? Healer Johnson: Mhh… Mr. Weasley got a doubled dose of the potion. Molly (horrified): He got what? Healer Johnson: There's nothin' wrong with that, Mrs. Weasley, but it explains his condition. He probably won't remember a thing tomorrow. Well, it is what it is. Mr. Weasley seems to be sleeping again. I suggest you go home now and come back here tomorrow. There's nothing we can do for him right now. He'll be fine soon, and I promise he'll be the same. Molly: Thank you, Mr. Johnson. Healer Johnson smiled friendly and left the room. The Weasleys and Harry followed his advice and went home. Over the next few days, Ron gradually recovered but he couldn't remember the incident with the young, pretty woman. Strangely enough, he always dreamed of the same woman and wondered who she could be and why he always dreamed of her. He couldn't explain it and after several days in St. Mungos he returned to the burrow, the home where he'd grown up. Although he had had his own apartment for over a year, his mum had insisted that he return to the burrow so that he could fully recover from the curses.
Hey you guys, we're so sorry for the delay! We wanted to post earlier but we were so busy with work, university and family and on top of that some of us were ill :-( We hope you can forgive us! So here's the 3rd Chapter, where you get to know how Ron and Hermione meet again :-) Oh and thank you for all the kind reviews! We know we aren't that good like our favourite authors here (Carrytheotter or AzaleaBlue) due to our poor English... but we're improving! So enjoy, the next chapter is already in the making :-) Chapter 3: The Leaky Cauldron The sun had just risen but Ron had been awake for a few hours. He just couldn't get back to sleep anymore because he brooded all the time why he dreamed of this woman since his stay at 's. He stared at the ceiling and thought about Ginny's words. She made fun of him because he had tried to chat up the pretty healer while he was still delirious. But could it have been the woman from his dreams? He didn't hope so, 'cause the whole thing was more than embarrassing to him. He would never want to scare off such a beautiful woman. He closed his eyes and she instantly appeared in his mind. Her beautiful, tender face was covered with so many bright and cute freckles. Her chocolate brown eyes, surrounded by long lashes, were so dark that he wants to drown himself into them. Her nose was small and cute and her lips narrow but still full. Her face was surrounded by beautiful brown curls and her slender figure moved like in slow motion. The sun shining through Ron's eyelids seemed to illuminate the woman from behind so that she seemed even more beautiful and magical to him. He opened his eyes and sighed. He thought that he had to stop thinking about a woman who either didn't exist at all or whom he wouldn't see again anyway. He hadn't dated a girl since his breakup with Lavender and he estimated it would stay that way. It didn't seem that he was made for the "woman's world" and to adore a woman from his dreams didn't get him anywhere. He got up slowly because sometimes his movements were still painful. He took fresh clothes out of his closet and went to the bathroom. After all this dreams a cold shower was more than necessary, he mused. Shortly after that he went down into the kitchen and he cursed his room, which was unfavorably at the top of the burrow. Every step he took felt like a little electric shock. After a while he'd made it and sat down at the kitchen table in the dining room. He heard his mom working in the kitchen and it didn't take long for her to notice him too. Molly (indignantly): RON! What are you doin' down here? You aren't supposed to move that much! Honey, I would have brought you your breakfast! Ron (rolling his eyes): I know that, Mom! But as much as I love my orange room, I can't take it anymore. I'm going crazy up there and I needed a change of scenery. Besides, I can't lie in bed like a grandpa forever doin' nothing! My back will thank me for a little exercise. Molly (lovingly): Oh dear, your old mother's just worried. But now that you're here I'll make you breakfast, alright? She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek, while he scrunched up his face. Ron : Mom, I don't want to put you to any trouble. I can… Molly: Don't argue with me, young man! I'll be right back. With these words she disappeared into the kitchen. Just at that moment green flames flickered in the fire place and Harry and Ginny stepped out of it. Ginny: Good morning, Ronnie! What are you doin' down here? Didn't you get the order to stay in bed? Ron (growling): Yeah… but I can't take these four walls anymore and my back is already killing me. Besides I can't sit around forever. Harry (laughing): Ginny, you owe me 10 Galleons! Ron watched them in wonder as an annoyed Ginny took 10 Galleons out of her handbag and handed them to Harry. Ron (indignantly): Please don't tell me you're betting on me?! Harry (grinning): Sorry, mate! But I just knew you wouldn't stay in bed for long. But your sister for once trusted you to be reasonable. Ginny shrugged her shoulders. Ginny: Well, I think I was wrong! But you're old enough and you'll know what you're doing. I'm gonna go help Mom. As I know her, she probably prepares breakfast for the whole family. With these words Ginny disappeared into the kitchen and Ron stayed behind with Harry in the dining room. Harry took a chair and sat down with Ron. He noticed that Ron seemed pretty absent. Harry (concerned): You alright, Ron? Listen, I'm sorry about the bet. We didn't mean it ! Ron (torn from his thoughts): Huh? Oh, yeah… no. It's alright. I'm not taking this the wrong way. Harry : Are you sure you're alright? You seem a little depressed. Ron (sighing): I don't really know. Ever since I was released from the hospital I dream about this woman every fuckin' night! Harry (confused): Which woman? Ron: I'd like to know that myself. She is gorgeous. Small and delicate, with light brown curls and a perfect face. Especially those chocolate brown eyes… Harry, I think I'm going crazy! I can't think of anything else! I'm afraid the curse burned some of my brain cells. Harry thought for a moment and then it was as if a light bulb appeared above his head. Harry: Ron, are you sure you don't remember the healer who pulled you out of the coma? Ron (shaking his head): Nope.. why? Harry : The way you describe that woman from your dreams… that's exactly how the healer looked like! I mean, I love Ginny more than anything, but even a blind man couldn't miss this beautiful woman. Ron (astonished): You're kidding! But why didn't I see her again at the hospital? She should have treated me again!? Harry : The chief healer said she had her last day that morning. She's still in training and should now be back at university. Ron buried his face in his hands. Ron: Oh Merlin! I can't believe the questions I asked her! And what's worse, I couldn't even apologize to her! How much bad luck can someone have with women? Harry smiled encouragingly at him. Harry : This hasn't gone very well, but hey! Maybe fate's on your side and you'll meet her again. Then you'll have the chance to make it all up. Ron (sadly): Thanks for trying to cheer me up but I think that's not going to happen. Women and me, that's just not supposed to be. Ron got up and made his way into the orchard. His hunger had passed and he urgently needed fresh air. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o- In the meantime at the university for magical nursing professions… Hermione sat bent over her homework and pondered. She too had only been able to think of the redheaded man and it drove her crazy. She just couldn't figure out why. Actually, he was impudent to her but on the other hand, she knew that he was probably like that due to the fast waking up and his medication. She was completely lost in thoughts, staring at her book. Her friend Parvati tapped her on the shoulder and Hermione startled. Hermione : WEASLEY! Parvati was giggling now. Parvati : Nope, just me… How did you come up with Weasley? Hermione sank deeper into her chair and blushed. "Oh Hermione, get yourself together! What the hell is wrong with you?", she thought. Hermione cleared her throat and closed her book. Hermione : Ehm…. I'm so sorry… I think I was daydreamin' a little… Parvati (grinning) : A little, yeah? Alright… Just tell me, who's Weasley? Hermione : Oh nobody… okay.. Quite an idiot actually.. Parvati : Oh I see… So it's a man we're talkin' about! Hermione packed her things into her pocket and she and Parvati left the university, which was located in a suburb of London. Parvati: I once knew a boy named Weasley.. Hermione suddenly stopped so Parvati almost ran into her. Hermione : You knew someone with the name "Weasley"? Parvati : Yes, we went to Hogwarts together. I was in Gryffindor like him and his best friend Harry Potter. We were in the same school year. Hermione's jaw fell open. Hermione: Harry Potter? And his best friend's last name was Weasley? Parvati : Yeah, Ronald Bilius Weasley, to be exact! Why? Hermione shook her head and went on. Hermione: That's… That is insane! The redheaded man who was seriously injured two weeks ago in the Death Eaters attack and who was lying on my ward… His name was Ronald Bilius Weasley and his friend and colleague's name was Harry Potter! But that's impossible!? Parvati : Harry Potter and Ron Weasley are heroes for the wizarding world, Hermione! I don't think there's another Harry Potter or another Ronald Weasley. Plus, he's redheaded, and the last time I saw him, he was pretty damn hot! Hermione : This is absolutely insane… They both walked to their room, dropped their bags to the ground and lay down on their beds. Hermione stared at the ceiling and pondered while her friend stood up again. Parvati: Do you want to come with me? Hermione didn't answer and kept staring at the ceiling. She had her arms behind her head and smiled coyly. Parvati : Hermiooooneeee Hermione shook off her thoughts and looked to Parvati. Hermione: Mh? Parvati: I just asked you if you wanna come with me? To the Leaky Cauldron? I want to meet some girls there. Hermione: Oh.. I'd rather say no… I've got a lot to do. Parvati: For Merlin's sake… can you just relax for once in your life? Hermione, you've been learning like crazy all week. Hermione : I have so much to catch up on… I don't know what's wrong with me but I've been having a hard time concentrating lately. I'm sorry, just go without me. Parvati: You'll never meet a man if you don't go out and then you'll die a damsel! Hermione sat up abruptly and looked at her girlfriend in shock Hermione (shocked) : PARVATI! Parvati : What? Move your sweet ass and come with me, for once in your life! She sighed and got up from her bed. Hermione : Fine.. FINE! But not for long. I still have some work to do. Parvati: Sure… Now let's go! Parvati grabbed Hermione's hand and they both used the floo network to get to the Leaky Cauldron… -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Ron stood in the orchard, hands shoved deep into his pockets. He kicked a few stones away out of pure frustration. He couldn't understand why he was always so unlucky. He heard steps approaching and he knew exactly who it was. Ron: Ginny, don't even try to cheer me up. Harry's already done his best. Ginny stepped by his side and held a sandwich under his nose. She watched him expectantly. Ginny: Oh come on, Ronniekins! I already know the Weasley hunger! Ron snorted and rolled his eyes but eventually he took the sandwich and ate it. Ginny: Better? Ron: Better! Ginny: Harry told me everything and I know I made fun of you, but Ron, you know me! I like to tease you a little. I wouldn't have thought that she stayed in your memory like that, even though you didn't even consciously perceive her. I'm so sorry that everything went so bad but I don't want you to be sad! What do you think… the three of us could meet George, Neville and Luna today at the Leaky Cauldron? A few drinks and good conversations with friends won't hurt and I think we can pause your bet rest for one day. We'll also make sure you don't do anything stupid. She grinned and hoped to get him out of his depressed mood. Ron: Ginny… I don't know if this is such a good idea.. . Ginny (with puppy eyes) : Oh come on! Pretty, pretty please!? Distraction will do you good and who knows.. Maybe you'll meet your Mrs. Right today? Ron (sighing) : Alright, but only because it's you! And I won't stay long, because Mom will chop my head off if I do so! Ginny flung her arms around her brothers neck and she ran straight into the house to convince her mother and let Harry know. Later that afternoon, Ron, Harry and Ginny went out. One by one, they stepped into the fireplace of the Weasley Family and vanished in the green flames. In Diagon Alley they met George, who was just closing his store and together they went to the Leaky Cauldron, where Neville and Luna were already waiting. Neville: Hey guys, glad you made it! Ron, I hope you're doin' better? We heard what happened. Ron: Oh eh.. Yeah I'm fine… Thanks for askin'! Luna (with a mild smile towards Neville) : He's worse than he wants to admit and his head is full of confused thoughts. I can feel the Wrackspurts surrounding him! With these words she turned to the others and greeted them as well. Ron was used to Luna's open, direct manner and knew there was nothing to hide from her. But sometimes she could be really scary. He just hoped that the others would forget about Luna's comment. Together they went to a table in the back of the pub so they could talk at least a little without any interruption. Since Voldemort was defeated, it had become harder for Harry and Ron to enjoy the company of others, since there could be photographers of the Daily Prophet lurking around everywhere. But today it seemed to be relatively quiet and they all took a seat at a big round table. Everyone ordered a drink and they quickly got into conversation. Time flew by while they were talking about God and the world. Ron could finally think of something other than just the woman from his dreams. At some point drinking took its toll and Ron had to go to the loo. He stole away for a moment, went to the loo and ran past the bar on his way back. He had his eyes fixed on the table where the others were sitting, and walked straight towards it. Just at that moment a young witch, with two butter beers in her hand, turned away from the bar. She was completely focused on not spilling the drinks, so that she collided with Ron. She spilled the butter beer on both his and her shirt. Hermione : Oh my God, I'm so sorry! I didn't even… see… you… Her gaze wandered slowly towards the face of the man and she couldn't believe her eyes. There he was... Right in front of her! The young wizard from the hospital! Her eyes widened and her mouth opened slightly. Ron: Oh, no, I'm the one who has to be sorry! I… Was… distracted… Ron held his breath when he saw who was standing in front of him. Could this be true or was he dreaming again?! There she was! The woman from his dreams! And she was even more beautiful than he imagined. He felt his ears turn red and he couldn't even speak. How should he face her now, after this whole hospital incident?!
So here we are again! As promised we were a lot faster this time :-D This is a short Chapter and be warned.. the conversation between Hermione and Ron is rather awkward xD But it gets better between these two, we promise! Chapter 4: Distracted Hermione: Mr. Weasley? Ron rubbed his neck in embarrassment. Ron: Yeah.. That's me… Hermione : Oh no.. Your shirt is stained with Butterbeer! Ron: Don't worry! He pulled out his wand and let his shirt dry in seconds. He looked at the young witch again and noticed that her shirt was also wet and that her skin shimmered through the fabric. Ron swallowed hard and tried to control his thoughts. Ron: Ehm… May I? He indicated to dry her shirt as well and since Hermione still had both hands full, she nodded. Hermione: Yeah.. Sure, if it doesn't bother you?! Ron: No, of course not! I mean, what else is magic for? He had a lopsided grin on his face and Hermione thought he was incredibly cute. When he pointed his wand at Hermione's blouse, she bit her lower lip and tried to control her thoughts. "Actually, he's pretty sweet and charming. His smile is incredibly sexy", she thought and smiled. Ron finished his task and Hermione's blouse was dry and clean again. Hermione : Thank you… Ron: You're welcome! Suddenly there was a short, tense silence between them. Ron was only thinking about Hermione and he didn't know what to do, let alone what to say. Hermione stared at her empty glasses and eventually turned back to the bar but Ron noticed and took her glasses. Ron: Oh wait, I'll get the glasses refilled! I think I owe you one. She looked at him in wonder, because he'd behaved quite differently in the hospital. In St Mungo's he had been very brash and quite an idiot. But now he was charming, courteous and pretty sweet. She smiled as he went to the bar to refill the glasses. He turned back to Hermione and handed her the two glasses. Hermione took them from him and smiled shyly. Hermione: Thanks! Ron: Pleasure! So… Have a nice evening.. I'm gonna go back to my friends' table. Suddenly, Hermione's girlfriend Parvati joined them. Parvati: Hermione! There you are! I was afraid you'd run away. Hermione turned to her friend and smiled apologetically Hermione : Sorry, I was held up for a moment. Parvati now noticed Ron. Parvati: Oh Merlin… Ron?! Hermione watched her friend and the redhead carefully. Suddenly she remembered that both knew each other from school. Ron: Parvati? Wow! It must've been years since we last saw each other! Parvati embraced Ron, who looked a little clumsy. Parvati: Hermione, this is Ronald Weasley, but you already knew this I think! Ron, this is Hermione Granger. We're studying together at the university for magical nursing professions. Ron looked at Hermione when Parvati took a Butterbeer from her, but then he held out his hand to her. Ron: It's nice to meet you, Miss Granger. Hermione stared at him and her heart was beating rather quickly. "Hermione, pull yourself together! It's just a handshake!" She took his hand and shook it briefly. For a moment they both looked into each other's eyes and as the handshake loosened, Hermione's touch left a tingling sensation on Ron's skin. He looked at her and tried to stay as normal as possible. Hermione: Ehm… the joy is all mine, Ron… Oh, eh Mr. Weasley. As Hermione kept getting the words mixed up, she blushed slightly. Ron: Oh, you can call me Ron if you want! Hermione : Ehm.. Okay, Ron. I'm Hermione. Ron: That's a beautiful name! Hermione (blushing): Thank you… Ron: So I'm… He wanted to go past her, but she always went to the same side, so that they kept standing in each other's way. Hermione giggled and walked aside to let him pass. Ron: Ehm.. See you… Hermione: Yeah… Ron wanted to go back to his table. George, Harry and Ginny watched them all the time and all of them grinned broadly. Hermione: Ron? Ron smiled when she called out for him. He turned around to her again. Ron: Yeah? Hermione: How are you doing? Ron heart seemed to sink into his feet. He could hardly believe she was asking about his condition. Or did she just asked because she was a healer? Ron: I'm fine, thanks. I seem to have had quite a bit of luck.. Hermione: Yes, you're incredibly lucky! Ron beamed at her. Ron: Thanks, by the way, for taking such good care of me! Hermione : Oh, not for that, really. Besides, it's my job.. Ron: Sure… Then there was an uncomfortable silence again. Ron shifted from one foot the other, looking to the floor. Hermione shyly bit her lower lip and her heart raced. In the meantime Parvati had gone back to the table to leave them alone. Hermione looked briefly to Parvati who winked at her. Then she looked back at Ron. Hermione : Okay.. Ehm.. I'm going back to Parvati, take care… Ron: Take care yourself, Hermione. Hermione was just leaving when Ron called her name. Ron: Hermione, wait! Ron went to her quickly and she smiled sweetly at him. Ron couldn't help but admire her slender body for a moment. "Oh Merlin, please don't let my mind sit out!", he prayed before he stopped in front of her. As Ron approached her, a whiff of his aftershave blew over to her. Hermione took a deep breath and had to pull herself together, not closing her eyes. Hermione: Yes, Ron? Ron rubbed his neck again and had a lopsided grin on his face. Hermione could have melted right in front of him. "Oh Hermione! Get a grip on yourself! He was a patient of yours, and on top of that he was completely impudent and rude to you!",she thought for a moment and looked into his deep blue eyes Ron: Yeah.. Well… I want to apologize to you! Hermione (confused): Apologize? For what? His ears turned red and he couldn't stop rubbing his neck. Ron: I can't remember a thing, but my family told me I was pretty rude to you. I'm so sorry about that! I'm not usually like that! Hermione blushed at the memory and cleared her throat. Hermione: Oh.. Ehm.. Yeah, it's alright! That's nice from you. Thanks, Ron! Ron smiled at her again and her knees became weak and she wondered how it was even possible that she could stand at all. Ron Yeah… So I'll go back to my friends then. Maybe we'll see each other again. Bye, Hermione! And so Ron walked away and took a seat at the table where his friends and siblings were still waiting. Hermione watched him and then saw Luna put an arm around him. Hermione's heart sank painfully and suddenly she felt sick. "Does he have a girldfriend? Then why did he ask me if I had a boyfriend? Okay, he apologized for that… Such a handsome, nice man is definitely in a relationship..Oh Hermione, why do you even care? He was your patient!", she pondered as she constantly looked at him and went back to Parvati. Even when she sat with Parvati again, she couldn't concentrate on the conversation. All the time she glanced back to the table where Ron was sitting with his friends. She wanted to observe whether the blonde, young witch was his girlfriend, which was quite possible after she had greeted him so warmly. However, there was no further exchange of tenderness. But that didn't have to mean anything… Parvati noticed Hermione's mental absence and couldn't help smiling. When Parvati touched Hermione's arm, she startled and squeaked loudly. Parvati burst out laughing loudly. Hermione: Parvati! Have you gone crazy scaring me like that? The two wizard at the bar are already watching! Parvati: It's your own fault, Hermione! Ever since you faced Ron, I can't have a normal conversation with you! Hermione felt herself blushing. Parvati: Since your eyes and thoughts are with my former classmates all the time anyway, we take the easy way and sit with them at the table! Besides, it would be good for you to meet other young people besides me. Plus, you know right away who's with whom. Parvati winked encouragingly at Hermione, but she felt hersef blushing even more. She had the sudden urge to disapperate, but she knew that if she did, Parvati wouldn't leave her alone in the next few days and she would never reach her learning goal.
