Hey guys! I'm back with another new story! I was working on "Slytherin Princess" when it came to me. This story will include Ron bashing, Lavender bashing, and multiple different couples. Pairings: HG DT, HG SF, HG NL, HG DM, HG BZ, HG AP, HG TN, HG TB Subject: Hermione is protected by Slytherins and Gryffindors. Rating: ? All Rights to the amazing JK Rowling Okay let's get started! Slytherin Protection Chapter 1 It was their sixth year and they were headed to the train. Hermione was laughing with her friends and Ron and Lavender were off somewhere probably shagging. Hermione and her friends stepped onto the train and located an empty compartment. Hermione, Ginny, Luna, Parvati, Harry, Dean, Seamus, and Neville were all in the compartment and there wasn't a lot of sitting room. Harry and Neville sat on one side while Dean and Seamus sat on the other. That left the girls to try and find a seat on the boys laps. Ginny sat with Harry and Luna sat with Neville. Parvati picked Dean and that left Hermione to Seamus. Hermione sat down on his lap and he placed his hands on her thighs to help her stay upright and not fall over. Ginny was practically laying on Harry while they started a small snogging session. Luna just relaxed comfortably against the compartment wall while she sat sideways on Neville and he read one of his herbology books on her lap. Hermione on the other hand was sitting straight up and looking out the window. After awhile she was brought back to reality "Hermione doesn't your back hurt sitting like that?" Seamus asked Hermione as he placed one of his hands on the small of her back. She jumped a little bit when his scottish accent brought her out of her daydream. "Huh? Oh, yeah a little bit I guess." Hermione said trying not to think of the hand that currently rested against her back. "Come on now lassey I don't bite. You can lean back and give your back a break." Seamus said. He could slightly feel a little tension leave her back as he kept coaxing her to lean back. "Are you sure?" Hermione asked as she looked at him from over her shoulder. "Yes. Now lean back. I promise I won't try anything." Seamus said. He knew that last part is what would get her to stop resisting. Just as he figured she gave in and leaned back against him. Seamus had grown a lot over the years and he wasn't small and lanky anymore. He towered over Hermione's 5' 2" frame at his impressive 6' 1" height. He had grown muscle and had filled out in just the right spots so he wasn't bulky but he wasn't scrawny. Hermione didn't fit perfectly against him but she was close. Her back had a bit more ark than his chest or entire torso did so her back didn't fully lay against him unless she fully gave in and just all out laid on him which she wasn't going to do. "See? I told you I didn't bite." Seamus whispered in her ear. She gave a small shudder, that he just so happened to feel, when his lips brushed against the sensitive spot behind her ear. Seamus smirked and decided that he would have some fun. Hermione wasn't what she used to be. She had tamed some of her frizz in fourth year and had filled out a little in fifth. She wasn't a goddess but she was fairly pretty. Seamus leaned back up to her ear and spoke again. "Are you cold?" He asked. When she shivered again at his lips against her skin he wrapped his arms around her stomach and brought her fully against him. Hermione didn't bother fighting knowing that he would win since he was oh so very clearly stronger. Hermione fully relaxed against him and laid her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes."She fits when she's relaxed." Seamus thought to himself. Hermione didn't know how long she was asleep for but she was actually sleeping really peacefully and was really comfy. When she managed to open her eyes she met the face of a sleeping Seamus. She then became fully aware of her position. Sometime while she was asleep she had turned sideways and had rested her head in the crook of Seamus's neck and had curled her body up on his lap. He had one arm behind her back keeping her from falling and the other was laid across her legs and was clasped against the other hand and was resting on her hip. She slowly lifted her head and looked around the compartment. Luna and Neville were passed out with Luna's legs hanging off of Neville's lap and their hands were crossed on their stomachs. Ginny and Harry were in a tight embrace. Ginny was straddling Harry's lap and was leaning her head against his shoulder. Harry Had his hands resting on her lower back and his face was nuzzled against the crook of her neck. She looked to the side and saw Parvati leaning against the wall and her lower legs hanging off of Dean's lap. Hermione turned her head and saw that she had woken Seamus up. "Oh I'm so sorry Seamus! I didn't mean to wake you." Hermione said in a hushed whisper so as to not wake the others. "It's fine. I was needing to move anyways. You don't weigh much but the longer you sat still and didn't move the more it started to weigh on me." Seamus said as he helped Hermione up off of his lap and stood up himself. They stretched for a few minutes in silence until Hermione spoke. "I think I'm going to walk up and down these two train logs. I'll be right back." Hermione said as she went to open the door. "Okay. Return soon, Lassey." Seamus said to her with a wink. His sleepy scottish accent did things to Hermione and she couldn't explain them. Hermione nodded and smiled as she closed the door behind her. She started her walk by going up the first log that they were in. She passed full compartments where there were multiple people sitting on top of each other and some still sitting on the floor, others only had about three or four. Most compartments had their shades drawn and in most of them the shade didn't disguise what was going on inside. Hermione turned and walked down the train log and went onto the next one. Unfortunately she didn't realize that it was the Slytherin log. "What are you doing here Mudblood?" Asked a cold voice from behind her. She turned around and came face-to-face with one Draco Malfoy. "I was simply walking around to stretch my legs." Hermione answered truthfully. "I doubt that. You probably were just hoping to see some action since you aren't getting any huh?" Pansy said in her shrill voice behind her. Hermione turned and faced Pansy. "No one here is stuid enough to do that in the Slytherin log Parkinson. With all of them open permanently it's kinda uncourteous." Blaise Zabini said from a booth to her left. She looked down at him and he looked up at her studying her. They got lost in each others eyes. One in lapis lazuli blue and the other hazelnut and green. "Stop gawking at Blaise you filth." Said a semi cold voice to her right. She turned and saw Theo Nott and Adrian Puecy standing in front of another booth that was filled with sluts. "I wasn't gawking, Puecy." Hermione said with a small amount of ice in her voice. "Maybe not but you wished you were." Theo said from beside Adrian. The sluts in the booth started laughing in an annoying high pitched tone and Hermione actually grimaced. The guys all noticed this and were confused. "Weren't all girls accustomed to their high pitched noises?" the guys all thought. "Whatever." Hermione said as she started to walk away. "Don't you talk to him like that you mudblood filth!" Pansy screeched. She reached out and grabbed Hermione's arm and yanking it really hard actually managing to pop it out of place. The guys all grimaced and sucked in breathes at the pain she should've been feeling. Hermione didn't do anything. She just sent a death glare at Pansy. The pug wouldn't let go and kept yanking on her arm. Hermione eventually had had enough and slugged Pansy in the arm making her drop her arm. Once Pansy had let go Hermione simply grabbed her arm and thrust it upwards and you could hear it click back into place at least a few logs down. The guys all looked shocked and surprised at the same time as they watched Hermione relocate her shoulder. "Now I will let this go if you never, and I mean never touch me like that again, Pug." Hermione said as she walked up to Pansy and stood her ground in front of the girl glaring at her. Even though Hermione was only 5' 2" and Pansy was 5'4" Hermione didn't back down. "How dare you threaten me you filth." Pansy said in her shrill voice. "Oh please do just stop talking. If you do maybe we won't all go def as soon as we think." Hermione said as she grimaced at the sound. The guys started laughing and the girls looked shocked that they were laughing considering how Pansy was supposed to be their friend. "You're laughing!" Pansy wailed. "Of course we are! She spoke the damn right truth and it was fucking hialrious." Draco said through laughter. Pansy looked mortified and started crying. "No offense, Parkinson, but I think you might want to get to the bathroom before your makeup starts running." Hermione said quietly so only Pansy could hear her. So what? She spoke the truth and Pansy didn't like it. Doesn't mean she's going down to the snake level. Pansy rushed past everyone to the bathroom at the back of the log and Hermione turned around and left to get back to her compartment. When she got back Neville was reading a new herbology book and Luna was still asleep. Harry and Ginny were snogging the crap out of each other, Parvati and Dean were full out asleep and Parvati had her feet in Seamus's lap. Hermione walked over to him and sat at his feet and leaned her head back against his legs. Seamus had started playing with her hair after Hermione had laid her head back and she closed her eyes relaxing at the feeling. Somehow, Hermione managed to fall asleep and it was decently peaceful. A few minutes after Seamus had lulled her to sleep she was awoken by a kick to her arm. Irritated, she slowly opened her eyes to glare at whatever or whoever had just awoken her. It was Parvati. Dean was still asleep so she was trying to get up without waking him up and she had fallen and kicked Hermione. Parvati had luckily not woken anyone else up. She sauntered out the door and Hermoine saw as she grabbed the arm of a Ravenclaw boy and flirt with him as they walked down the hall. Hermione was thinking of getting back into Seamus's lap but thought better of it as she figured she'd wake him up. Ignoring her aching bottom, she laid her head back onto Seamus's legs and tried to go back to sleep until she felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked up and saw Seamus. He patted his lap indicating that she could sit down on it. Hermione got up and stretched a little before she sat down. What she didn't realize was that when she stretched she gave him a perfect view of her b cups. She sat sideways on his lap like how she had slept earlier and snuggled in close to his body heat. "Hey, Hermione?" Seamus said. "Yeah, Seamus?" Hermione asked as she was getting comfortable. "What happened when you went on your walk?" Seamus asked. He had seen how she went to raise her left arm to stretch but she lowered it right back down. "Oh, nothing." Hermione said. "Then why didn't you raise your arm when you were stretching?" Seamus asked. He knew that the other train log was the one with the Slytherins but he was pretty sure that Hermione had forgotten and he wanted to know what had happened in there. "I don't know." Hermione said as she tried to hide her face in the crook of Seamus's neck again. Seamus pulled back and pushed her away from him a little bit before he looked down at her. "Why are you lying to me?" Seamus asked saddened that she wouldn't tell him. "I didn't think that you cared." Hermione said as she turned her head away from Seamus's prying eyes. Seamus reached up and grabbed her chin between his forefinger and thumb and gently turned her head to face him. "Why wouldn't I care?" Seamus asked seriously as he looked at her face trying to get her to look up at him. "Because no one ever cares so why should you be any different?" Hermione asked as she finally looked up at him. She had pools of tears in her eyes and they were threatening to spill over. "Everyone cares, Hermione. All of Gryffindor cares about you. The other houses care about you too. Well other than those slimy Slytherins." Seamus said. Hermione gave out a small laugh and smiled. "It wasn't anything major. Just a shrieking Pansy incident." Hermione said as she tried to shrug her shoulders. Her left one was still a little sore. "She didn't try to attack you did she?" Seamus asked with a weird tint to his voice that she couldn't place. "What? No. She just dislocated my shoulder is all." Hermione said with a shrug. "Is it still dislocated?!" Seamus asked in worry as he started looking over her shoulder. "No it's not, crazy. I'm not going to walk around with a bum shoulder. I relocated it and walked out of their compartment. You know for people telling me that i'm the brightest witch of my age I sure didn't see it there." Hermione said with a shake of her head. "You got that right." Seamus said with a quiet laugh. Hermione turned and glared at him. "What?" Seamus asked confused. "You aren't supposed to agree with me on that!" Hermione said while she crossed her arms. "Well we aren't dating so why shouldn't I?" Seamus asked as he lifted his hands and put them behind his head. Hermione watched him and realized that if they were dating, he just gave her the perfect way of kissing him. "Just because we aren't dating doesn't mean that I can't kiss him." Hermione thought to herself. She got up off of his lap and stood up. She turned so she was facing him and sat down on his lap straddling him. Confusion flickered across his eyes before it left and was replaced with humor and lust. Hermione put her hands on his shoulders and looked him dead in the eye. "I figured you would care because you're my friend and housemate." Hermione said wearing a pout. She saw his gaze get locked on her pouty lips and knew what he was thinking so she did it for him. She leaned in closer and decided to have some fun with him. Who said she couldn't give a little payback for the trick he pulled on her earlier. Hermione scooted her lower half closer to him as well as her torso and enjoyed the feeling of her pussy lips spread and just her bare knickers on his jeans rubbing. She ignored it and kept on teasing him. "Or was I wrong?" Hermione said as she pushed herself back away from his chest and rubbing her pussy on his legs. Trying to get more of a rise out of him she bit her lip and closed her eyes when she did so. "Most definitely not wrong." Seamus said as his hands left from behind his head and went to her hips and pulled her forward roughly and quickly. Hermione gasped at the feeling and let out a small moan. Seamus couldn't take it anymore and he grabbed her tie and brought her lips down to his and kissed her passionately. Enjoying the feeling, Hermione kept slowly dry humping Seamus and the few times when she would pull to far forward and go over Seamus's tent he would let out a moan through their kiss and would squeeze Hermione's butt. Seamus reached up and undid the top three buttons on Hermione's uniform to reveal cleavage and was about to trail down and kiss it when the intercom came over their heads and announced that they were pulling into the train station. Hermione pulled back and looked down at Seamus. His lips were a little swollen and red from their kissing and she could only imagine what hers looked like from Seamus nipping at them. She darted her tongue out and licked her lips and his eyes followed it. She stood up with hesitance and buttoned her blouse up but left the top two open. This didn't go unnoticed by Seamus. Hermione's skirt was hiked up to the top of her thighs and she didn't notice, but Seamus did. You could see her red lacy knickers from where he was sitting and he didn't want anyone looking at what would be his first, so he reached out and pulled it back down to her knees. Hermione looked at him and laughed. He had the top five buttons of his shirt undone and his hair was a mess. It looked like he had just finished shagging someone instead of snogging them. She sat back down on his lap and fixed his hair so that it laid down partially into his eyes how she liked it. She then worked on fixing his buttons. Seamus placed his hands back behind his head as he watched Hermione fix his clothes. He was getting hard from looking at her in the position she was sitting in with her legs bare to him. "You might want to go fix yourself before we actually get off. Or you might want to use a charm." Hermione said as she noticed the tent in his pants. She went to stand up and leave when he reached his arms out and brought her forcefully back down onto his lap. "Why don't you help me fix it, Minx?" Seamus said in a rich husky voice that brought his accent out even more and Hermione loved it. "Because we have arrived." Hermione said as she gave him a quick peck to his lips and stood up. She already had her trunk shrunk and in her pocket so she sauntered out of the compartment leaving a bewildered and hard Seamus and a sleeping Harry, Ginny, Luna, Neville, and Dean in her wake. Hermione was feeling pretty good about herself and had pep in her step until she ran into Draco and his group. "Well what has you in such a fantastic mood, Mudblood? Did you convince someone to fuck you? Oh wait. I forget that it's impossible to do because you are so unattractive no one wants you on their bed posts." Draco sneered at her. The others laughed. Truth be told none of them actually felt that way about Hermione, but that's how they are required to act to keep their families safe. Draco saw the hurt flash through her eyes before it was replaced with anger. "Fuck off, Malfoy. I am in no need of your hideous attitude right now." Hermione said as she went to go by them, but Pansy grabbed her arm. "What? Like that mess of a nest that you call hair?" Pansy said as she sneered at her hair. "Why don't you just go find someone to fuck like the slut that you are?" Hermione said while she ripped her arm out of Pansy's grasp. "Well at least people like my appearance. You don't even have that. I mean look at you! No curves, no ass, no chest, your hair looks like you've been attacked by vultures, and your face is ugly." Pansy said. Hermione knew it all to be true but that didn't stop it from hurting all the less. Tears started to rn down her face and she speed walked away from them to the apparition on point and apparated home. Hermione landed in her room on her bed and she silenced and locked her door from her parents and laid on her door and cried. Hermione stayed in her room for the rest of the night. First day of summer was already a bust. Next year will be her last Hogwarts year and she wanted to be remembered for something other than the bushy haired, bookworm, know-it-all. Next year she would shock everyone. _End of summer_ Hermione was in her room getting dressed for the day when her mom called out to her from the kitchen. "Hermione dear! Come her please." Mrs. Granger said in a sad and worried voice. "Coming, Mom!" Hermione yelled back. She finished putting on her make up which consisted of foundation, blush, powder, mascara, and eyeshadow. Hermione was finishing up putting on her mascara when she was called. Putting her makeup in its bag and putting that in her trunk, Hermione shrunk it and put it in the back pocket of her black jeggings. Hermione looked in the mirror to make sure she didn't miss anything and then she checked her green halter to to make sure that she didn't get anything on it. Making sure she didn't leave anything out, Hermione headed downstairs to her parents. "Yeah. What's up?" Hermione asked as she sat down at the kitchen table and started eating the eggs and bacon Mrs. Granger had made. The Grangers looked at each other and then at a letter that was laying on the counter by the sink. Richard Granger walked over to it and picked it up and brought it to hermione. He set it in front of her and then backed up to stand beside his wife. Hermione looked at them skeptically and then lowered her fork that was halfway to her mouth back on her plate and picked up the letter. There was a Hogwarts crest on it and Hermione ripped it open in a hurry. Dear Mrs. Hermione Jean Granger, Congratulations on making head girl. The badge will appear when you accept your position. There is a compartment for the Head Boy and Head Girl and you will be required to sit there the entire ride to Hogwarts even after you do your rounds. You and the Head Boy will meet the new prefects and set a patrol schedule. I am pleased to announce that you have now inherited your true hearitgae. You are a pureblood. You belong to the lost family of the Krane's. You're real name is Hermione Rose Krane. You have a mansion in the lost parts of the Wizarding World that is awaiting your arrival over the next breaks. Enjoy your new life Mrs. Krane. Sincerely Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledor Hermione sat staring at the letter for ten straight minutes after she finished reading it. Out of nowhere, a golden badge landed on her table. It was her head badge. Hermione set the letter down and picked up the badge. After she examined it she looked to her "parents". "I'm adopted? I'm a pureblood? Why didn't you tell me?! Do you have any idea how much easier my life would have been if I had known I was a pureblood?! Much! Much easier!" Hermione yelled to her parents. She grabbed the letter and raced upstairs to her room. Once she reached her room she sat on her bed. Suddenly she felt very light headed. She reached up and held her head. Hermione stopped short when she felt her hair. It was straight and smooth. She ran to her vanity and looked at herself. Her hair went from its' original chocolate brown to a light brown with natural streaks of blonde in it. Her eyes were no longer their boring caramel but a striking grey with blue swirling around in them. She looked at her body and was surprised again. Her chest went from a size 34C to a double d and were shown off in her halter top. She looked at her stomach and saw that her semi toned stomach was now fully toned. Then she saw her hips. They were wide and the jeggings she was wearing did them justice. Hermione turned to the side and looked at her bum. It had gotten bigger and the jeans only defined it even more so. Hermione walked next to her bed. There was a poster of the American boy band "Big Time Rush" hanging there. Normally she only just reached their stomachs at her 5' 2" height. Now she reached their shoulders. Hermione pulled out her wand and conjured up a tape measure. She looked at it and it said that she was now 5' 5". Hermione was shocked and surprised. She was liking this new her and she was happy. Hermione had worked on her appearance all summer getting ready to make her big devue and this new lineage just helped. Hermione looked at her face next. She was beautiful. Her skin had a natural tan to it and it looked amazing. Her face was clear and the makeup she had applied earlier pointed out her beautiful features in just the right ways. This was going to be an amazing year for her. So this is by far the longest story I have written and I'm really liking this story. I know I need to finish my other stories but I just added two long chapters to "Slytherin Princess" and one chapter to "Traveling Through Time". I have more inspiration for these next chapters so I will have more up!
Slytherin Protection Chapter 2 Hermione took off the moment her feet hit the ground. She needed to tell her friends the news. Hermione was speed walking through the train station with the new length in her legs she was getting farther than she originally would've. As she walked she got plenty of catcalls from the muggles and a few of them smacked her ass. The muggles all parted and gave Hermione a pathway to walk through when she got near them. She got looks of hatred and jealousy from the other girls, but she didn't mind it. Hermione had so much attention that she couldn't just walk through the barrier. She leaned against the side of it and waited for everyone's eyes to leave. When only two little kids remained looking at her she slipped through the barrier and fell through at the Wizarding World train station. Unfortunately for her, a group was standing right in front of the barrier so she fell into them when she went through and they went tumbling to the ground. Hermione landed on top of one of the guys and her hands were braced against his chest and she could feel the muscles on him and the guys hands were wrapped around her little wrists. "I am so sorry. I should've been watching where I was going." Hermione said while her head was still looking down. "Who are you?" Asked the guy below her. Hermione looked up and she was met with a pair of molten silver eyes. Draco Malfoy. She had landed on Draco Malfoy. Hermione hopped up and looked at his group that consisted of Blaise Zabini, Adrian Puecy, Theo Nott, Marcus Flint, Daphne Greengrass, Astoria Greengrass, and Pansy Parkinson. Blaise and Theo knelt down to help Draco up and the others surrounded her so she couldn't run away unless she wanted to try and go through Draco. "I'm terribly sorry I ran into you, but in my defense, you shouldn't have been in front of the barrier." Hermione said as she crossed her arms. Draco and the others just looked at her wondering who this mystery girl was. "He asked you a question, girl." Pansy said to her. Hermione turned around and glared at Pansy. "I would watch how you're talking to people, Parkinson. Especially those you just ran into. They could end up being powerful assets or dangerous enemies." Hermione said as she continued to glare at Pansy. "What our companion here meant to say was, who are you?" Daphne asked Hermione as she interrupted Pansy. Hermione looked at them confused. "What?" Hermione asked. They apparently didn't recognize her. "I don't look that different do i?" Hermione asked herself. "She asked who you are." Astoria said. "I heard that, but you don't recognize me?" Hermione asked confused still. "Are we supposed to?" Marcus asked. Hermione turned to look at him. He was just as confused as she was. Hermione turned and looked at Adrian, Theo, and Blaise and saw them smirking. "Well I would think so." Hermione said as she looked at everyone that was circling her. Pansy grabbed her arm and pulled her towards herself. Pansy spun Hermione around and actually started taking measurements and mumbled to herself incoherently. Pansy started messing with Hermione's hair by fluffing it up, holding it up in a bun, ponytail, side ponytail, and then she magically braided it. The guys and Hermione were confused. Pansy bent down and lifted up Hermione's foot and pulled it up with her when she stood up causing Hermione to be off balance. Hermione started falling backwards at the sudden movement until Theo stepped up and caught her. "She's a size 8 ½." Pansy said to Daphne and Astoria. The two sisters had been writing everything down. Pansy immediately dropped Hermione's shoe and Hermione felt her heel banging against the concrete. Hermione stood straight up and Theo let go when he was sure she had her balance. "Pansy, we've ran it through our charts and she's not in there. She has to be new." Daphne said. Hermione looked confused to Draco and he just shrugged. "Your what?" Hermione asked. "Our charts. We have sizes and measurements of every guy and girl in the school. You just don't happen to be in here. We even have Hermione Granger. We had to do that one magically because there's no way in hell she'd let us touch her without blowing us to bits." Pansy said and Daphne and Astoria laughed. "Wait. You have guys in that dumb thing?" Blaise asked. Pansy, Daphne, and Astoria nodded not even seeing the worry on the guys faces. "It was magically too wasn't it?" Adrian asked with a worried look on his face. "Of course not. Whenever you go up and hug one you just let the tape measure do its thing while you distract them." Astoria said as if it wasn't a big deal. "What about their shoes?" Theo asked. "Hey, Theo." Daphne said while the three of them continued to search their charts. "...Yeah?" Theo asked hesitantly. "Remember when your muggle shoes went missing for a while and you thought that I had taken them because I had slept with a fifth year the night before?" Daphne asked. "Yeah." Theo answered. "Well it was me. We also took theirs." Daphne said with a shrug. "So you kidnapped our shoes." Theo said "We accused you." Adrian said "You denied it." Blaise said "You got mad because we accused you." Draco said "But then it turns out." Marcus said "YOU DID TAKE THEM!" They all yelled at once. Pansy and the girls looked scared. Daphne and Astoria put their clipboard away and hid behind Pansy. "Well you see.. Umm...er.. we...It was important!" Pansy stuttered. At her last sentence she threw one of her loose powders at the guys and it exploded into a cloud around them and it blinded and choked them while Pansy ran with Daphne and Astoria hot on her tail. Hermione unfortunately was also hit with the powder and was just like the guys. Can't see and can't breathe. "I'm going to kill her when we get on the train." Adrian said through coughs. "Get in line mate. She's paying my drycleaning bill." Blaise said. Hermione thought she was clear to see so she started walking forward, but then she ran into a brick wall and bounced backwards. The weird thing though is that arms reached out and caught her. Nope. Not a brick wall. More like an Adrain Puecy. "Woah there." Adrian said as he caught her. "I'm sorry." Hermione said as she released her death grip on his arms. "You're good. Hermione." Adrian said with a wink. Hermione started sputtering. "Wait. What? How?" Hermione asked through confusion. Adrian just looked at her with a smile on his face. "You're the only on that would've stood up to Pansy like that. And that was how we parted last year." Adrian said with a smirk on his face. "See you around Little Lioness." Adrian said as he and the others walked off. Hermione brushed off her green halter top and pulled it down so it fully covered her bra since Pansy had messed it up. She also magically cleaned her black jeggings so there wasn't any loose powder on them. Hermione then walked onto the train and went to her usual compartment that her friends were in. when she got there they all were there. Parvati in Dean's lap, Padma in Seamus's lap, Ginny in Harry's lap, and Luna in Neville's lap. "Hey guys." Hermione said as she greeted her friends. All of her friends faces except for Harry, Luna, and Ginny's face was shocked. The guys looked like they were wanting to shag her if their eyes demolishing her body had anything to do with it while the girls looked extremely jealous minus Luna and Ginny. "Hey 'Mia." Harry said as he greeted her. "Herms you look so good!" Ginny greeted her as she stood up and hugged her friend. "Hello, Hermione." Luna said in her dreamy state. "So?" Ginny asked trying not to jump up and down. "So, what?" Hermione asked looking at her hyper friend. "Did you get it? Did you get Head Girl?!" Ginny frantically asked. "Oh." Hermione said with a small chuckle. "Yeah I did." Hermione said as she pulled her head badge out of her bun that was keeping it pinned up and handed it to her friend. Hermione's hair fell down in soft cascading waves to the small of her back. Ginny grabbed it and looked it completely over making sure it wasn't fake before she gave it back. "Are you going to sit down or not 'Mia? You've stood this whole time." Harry asked as he pulled Ginny back into his lap. "No. I can't. Dumbledore wants the heads to ride in the Head compartment the whole time." Hermione said. She looked down at her watch and gasped. "I'm going to be late! I'll see you guys in the Great Hall!" Hermione said before she ran out of the compartment and headed to hers. When Hermione reached it she had ten minutes to spare until she was supposed to be there. Hermione opened the door and ducked inside. It was much bigger than the other compartments and Hermione was once again reminded why she loved magic. She reached into her pocket and retrieved her trunk and placed it on the shelf above the seats and enlarged it. She reached in and grabbed a book before she sat down and curled up in the corner by the window. Hermione ended up reading herself asleep by the time that the Head Boy entered the compartment. "So you aren't new." The head boy said shocking Hermione out of her slumber. She opened her eyes and looked up at him. "Oh no. not him. Why out of all of the people in this school did Dumbledore have to pick him." "What gave that away?" Hermione asked as she sat up and looked at him. "How about the fact that you know where this place is." Draco said as he motioned to the compartment. "I could've asked someone." Hermione said while she closed her book. "True. But also, only those who have been at Hogwarts their whole six previous years can be chosen as a Head. So the real question is… Who are you?" Draco asked as he sat down across from her. "Three of your friends recognized me. So why can't you, Malfoy?" Hermione asked. "How am I to know? I would think I would notice and remember a beauty such as yourself." Draco said. "Well apparently you can't." Hermione teased while she leaned forward. Since her arms were crossed they push her chest up even more and gave Draco a perfect view of their size through the fabric. Draco gulped trying not to get hard. "Will you at least give me a hint?" Draco asked as he looked at the beautiful specimen in front of him. "I would but that would just give me away. Oh here they are." Hermione said as she looked towards the door and the prefects started piling in. Slytherin: Adrian Puecy, Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott Ravenclaw: Susan Bones, Cho Chang, Luna Lovegood Hufflepuff: Hannah Abbot, Justin Finch-Fletchly, Ernie Macmilan Gryffindor: Ginny Weasly, Seamus Finnigan, Parvati Patil After Hermione called roll they got started on the patrolling schedules. Monday: Theo and Adrian Tuesday: Ernie and Blaise Wednesday: Susan and Ginny Thursday: Hannah and Parvati Friday: Cho and Luna Saturday: Seamus and Justin Sunday: Hermione and Draco After they had the schedule and Hermione handed it out to them Draco went over what was expected of them. Once the rules were in place the prefects left and Hermione and Draco were left in the compartment alone. "You know, I never got a schedule." Draco said to Hermione. "I know." Hermione said. "How come?" Draco asked. "Because I didn't make us one. I figured you were smart enough to memorise the schedule." Hermione said looking at Draco. "How am I supposed to remember what dimwit patrols what day?" Draco asked as he crossed his arms and leaned back against the booth seat. "Well that's what I'm for." Hermione said. He didn't know who she was yet so she would have a little fun. ""What?" Draco asked as he looked bewildered at her. "I'm here to help you with the schedule. I can be helpful with other things too." Hermione said with a wink while she stood up and walked the short distance over to him and stood in front of him. "What kind of things?" Draco asked catching onto her game. "Oh you know." Hermione said while she held her hands out. Draco put his in her hands and she placed his on her hips. "The fun kinds of things." Hermione said while she bit on her lip and looked at him. Draco grabbed her hips harder and pulled her down onto his lap to where she was straddling him. "You don't know what you're getting yourself into, Minx." Draco growled. Hermione reached up and placed her forearms on his shoulders and played with his hair. "Oh, but don't I? I think you just might be underestimating me." Hermione said as she pulled his head to her and crashed their lips together in a heated kiss. Caught off guard, Draco didn't respond immediately. Hermione licked his lip asking for entrance and Draco snapped out of his shock and granted her access. One hand went up to her head to tangle in her waves and the other went down to her butt. Draco squeezed her butt every time she would pull away. Hermione was running her hands up and down Draco's chest and would moan and drag her nails down his chest whenever he would squeeze her butt. Hermione brought her hands down and started working on Draco's shirt buttons and had six of them open when a knock came from the hall. Hermione pulled away from Draco and quickly fixed her hair and uniform before she opened the door to a very impatient looking McGonagall. "Took you long enough. Who are you?" McGonagall asked as she looked at Hermione. "Oh not you too. I would think that you would recognize one of your own cubs, Professor." Hermione said as she put her hands on her hips. Minerva looked at Hermione before her and Dumbledore's conversation came back to her. "Hermione! My dear! I see you've accepted your true inheritance. I've got to say now that I know who i'm looking at I don't know how I didn't see it before. Maybe it's the eyes? Or maybe it's the hair? Or the clothes? Hm what could it be?" Minerva said as she rambled on neither woman noticing Draco's shocked look behind them. "What?!" Draco yelled as he stood up. "What's wrong Mr. Malfoy?" Minerva asked "Granger?! I just snogged Granger?!" Draco said forgetting that McGonagall wasn't supposed to know that. "What?" Minerva asked as she raised a sharp eyebrow. Suddenly, Hermione raised her hand across McGonagall's face and a look of peace came across her face. "Hello, Professor. Can we help you?" Hermione asked in a sickly sweet voice. Minerva turned and looked at Hermione. "What happened?" Minerva asked. "I apparently just snogged Granger!" Malfoy said still in shock. Once again Hermione crossed her hand in front of Minerva's face and peace went across it. "Hello, Professor. Can we help you?" Hermione asked again. "What? Oh yeah. Meet me at the Grand Staircase after dinner. That is all." Minerva said as she walked out of the compartment. Hermione closed the door and placed a silencing charm on it and then turned around to Draco. "What is wrong with you?! You don't just go around telling people that you just snogged someone!" Hermione criticised as she placed her hands on her hips in annoyance. "Well excuse me, but it's not everyday that you get told that Hermione Granger just snogged you and it was the best snog of your life!" Draco said as he threw his hands in the air. "First of all, It's Krane. Hermione Krane. And secondly…..I was your best snog ever?" Hermione asked all anger dropping from her being. "Wait. Did you just say Krane?" Draco asked interrupting her. "Yeah. Why?" Hermione asked. "The Krane's are legendary! They denied Voldemort and disappeared off the face of the Earth wizarding and muggle worlds." Draco said with awe in his voice. "Say, Draco?" Hermione said as she turned to him. "Yeah?" Draco asked as he looked at her. "Since I'm not a muggle born. Do you still hate me?" Hermione asked as she did a little pout. " Most definitely not. Being honest I didn't hate you as a muggle either. I was forced to act that way." Draco said as he let out a breath of air he didn't know he was holding in. "Good. Because I liked you both muggle and pureblood." Hermione said. "What?" Draco asked as he looked at her. The next thing he knew Hermione had pushed him down into his seat and was straddling him. "Let's start where we were interrupted." Hermione said as she grabbed Draco's tie and brought his lips crashing down onto hers. Hermione instantly darted her tongue out to his lips asking for entrance. Draco happily responded. Their tongues mapped out each others mouth and fought in a battle for dominance with Draco winning. Draco followed Hermione's tongue back into her mouth and they broke apart for a moment to breathe. "Why didn't we do this sooner?" Draco asked as he squeezed her butt. Hermione let out a small chuckle that Draco instantly fell in love with and he wanted to hear it all of the time. "Probably because you didn't care at all what happened to me and who I kissed." Hermione said as she started playing with Draco's hair. He had never closed his shirt so she didn't have to worry about undoing his buttons. Draco reached behind his head and grabbed her hands and brought them to his chest, one on each side. Hermione could feel his rushing heartbeat underneath her palm. "Does that say "I don't care" Krane?" Draco asked as he looked up at her. Her eyes were focused on her hands and his chest. She looked up and saw the truth that laid behind his eyes. "Draco I…." "Hey, Draco mate let's go we'll be late for...sorting." Blaise said as he stepped into their compartment. "Am I interrupting something?" Blaise asked as he looked between Hermione and Draco. "No." "Yes." Hazel and green eyes met molten silver in silent questioning before hazel got up. "You didn't interrupt anything, Blaise." Hermione said as she passed the italian. Hermione winked at Adrian as she passed him and made sure that he could see her ass as she walked away. Theo, Marcus, and Blaise watched her go along with Adrian. Draco was still sitting on the bench with his shirt open and he was running a hand through his hair. "I think it's safe to say that we did interrupt something." Adrian said as he turned back to the compartment after Hermione disappeared off the train. "Obviously." Draco said as he stood up. "Are those scratch marks?" Theo asked as he saw Draco's open shirt and saw the marks running down his chest. "Yes, Theo." Draco said as he started doing up his shirt. "So I would say that she got pretty far on you, but apparently you didn't get very far on her." Marcus said as he recalled her perfect outfit but messy hair. "No I didn't. We kinda got caught up in an important conversation when you guys decided to come in." Draco said as he tried to think of what she was going to say before they were interrupted. "Who is she?" Marcus asked. Blaise, Theo, Adrian, and Draco all turned to look at him surprised that he hadn't figured it out. "Mate that was Granger." Blaise said. "No it wasn't." Draco said as he remembered her telling him that she wasn't a muggle anymore. When they all looked at him he sighed and told them their earlier conversation. When he finished they all look shocked. "Wait. So if she isn't a muggle, but is indeed a pureblood, then that means she is courtable." Marcus said as he got lost in thought. "What are you talking about? She was a human and a girl before now too. She was courtable then." Theo said as he looked disappointed at his friend. "Well I know that, but now we can date her and no one will judge!" Marcus said happily. "Wait. So you're telling us that just because she was a muggle and it would've ruined your image you didn't think of her in that way?" Draco said with a small amount of anger running through his voice. "Yeah. What does it matter?" Marcus asked as he crossed his arms. "What does it matter? You just basically said that you would only date her for her status and the image it would bring you. Not the personality she has, her beauty, her smile, her laugh, her intelligence! You are only going for the image!" Adrian yelled. The others just nodded and backed him up. "I say that since you don't want to date her for who she is, then you don't get the option to date her at all." Draco said. "I." The others said in unison. "Fine. You can have her. What can you guys give her though that I can't?" Marcus responded. "I can give her the life she wants and all of the books she could ever want or need." Theo said. "I can give her the intelligent banter that she needs daily so she doesn't go crazy and all of the love she will let me show." Draco said. "I can give her the big family that she's always wanted and plenty of affection." Blaise said. "I can give her anything she asks for or anything her heart desires and I can give her all of me." Adrian said. On each one the guys didn't realize that they were setting up their future with the woman. "So what you're telling me is that you all can give her the same thing except one thing that is special to you and her?" Marcus asked. The guys nodded and stood their ground. "Well that's great!" Marcus said happily as he looked at his friends. They had a look of utter confusion on their faces. "I never wanted to date her in the first place. I only see her as a little sister that I can protect. So with that said. You hurt her you literally won't be able to give a woman a family." Marcus threatened as he walked away leaving them in shock. "Did that really happen?" Draco asked as they looked off after Marcus. "Yeah. I think it did." Blaise said. "Hey guys? Can we get to the sorting? I'm really hungry." Theo said. Adrian nodded and agreed and they all rushed out to get to the last carriage, So this was 16 pages in my docs so I'm super impressed with myself. I will try to keep them all this long. I'm hoping to have the next few up shortly but I'm not sure that it is going to happen.
Slytherin Protection Chapter 3 As the sorting finished there were new students to every house. Gryffindor: Sky Arvis, Jake Jackson, Harrison Harver, and Mattie Beth Slytherin: Gordan Ramsden, Heather Nate, Luca Lane, and Panama Pherry Ravenclaw: Jordan Jeffry, Andrew Monly, Kate Kales, and Terry Tiggens Hufflepuff: Jackson Braker, Janette Willows, Coby Crawls, and Caitlen Crysten "This year. This year right here, will be the best year for Hogwarts ever to come! Other than our new students we have a student who has recently been rediscovered as someone else and is in need of resorting." Dumbledore said as he looked over the faces of his students. "Resorting?" "Is that a thing?" "I didn't know you were allowed to be resorted." "I thought you were just given your house and if you change you change nothing else to it." "Who is it?" "Is it a girl?" "I hope it's a hot guy that likes Slytherins." "Please welcome Mrs. Hermione Rose Krane." Dumbledore said as he started clapping with shocked claps coming in here and there. The big double doors opened and Hermione walked through, head held high, and no regards for nonsense. Once everyone saw her the clapping heightened ten fold. The guys were catcalling and clapping while the few girls that weren't jealous were clapping politely. Hermione walked past the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw tables as she made her way to the sorting hat. Along the way she had a couple of brave guys wink and whistle while most just drooled. A lot of angry girlfriends gave Hermione the death eye as she took away their boyfriends attention. What Hermione didn't notice were two annoyed and jealous eyes watching her intently from the Gryffindor table. Five very important sets of eyes were watching her more intently than the others with their hope of another new Slytherin printed out in bold letters above them. When Hermione reached the podium, McGonagall looked worried. "Do you think you might stay in Gryffindor, my dear?" McGonagall asked the girl. "The hat will only tell." Hermione said as she looked at her head of house. McGonagall reached out and placed the sorting hat on Hermione's head before stepping back. The hat wasn't there for long before he started shining. All of Hogwarts was either terrified or amazed by this new spectacle. "The Krane's have returned to Hogwarts! After Millennial of no heir or heiress they have returned with this amazing heiress that is destined for many amazing things! I gladly deem you… SLYTHERIN!" The sorting hat called out before he went back to just being a hat. Everyone cheered. Not for the fact that she was a Slytherin since they all wanted her, but for the fact that she was there. Hermione turned around and faced the Great Hall before she walked down the steps and to the Slytherin table and to a certain group of eyes. "Well who would've thought that you would be a smooth Slytherin?" Blaise said as she sat down where he and Theo had made room for her. "Me. My family. The hat. The gods. Merlin." Hermione said as she started fulfilling the role of a Slytherin. "Ouch. That's a lot of ice in that pretty little voice of yours, Little Lioness." Adrian said as he looked up at her. She had sat in front of him and luckily for him he could steal glances at her whenever he felt like it. "I'm a Slytherin, Puecy. Do not reference me to those stuck up egotistical bastards that are supposed to be brave. They all are practically just little kittens." Hermione said as she grabbed a cup of pumpkin juice and took a sip. The guys all looked at each other with confusion evident in their eyes. "I thought that you were a full out Gryffindor and believed in all of that stuff." Theo said as he looked at her. "Of course not. Harry, Ginny, Neville, Seamus, and Dean are the only good parts of Gryffindor. Ron is a bastard and a fuck boy, Brown is a completely different person without her makeup on and she's a slut, the twins only look out for each other and Brown, and all of the younger years think Ron is a rolemodel for dating someone like Brown. I couldn't be happier to leave that hell hole." Hermione said as she started piling food onto her plate. The guys all looked surprised at her. "What are you doing?" Draco asked as his fork was halfway to his mouth. "I'm eating." Hermione said. "Why?" Marcus asked. "Because I'm hungry." Hermione said. "I didn't know that girls actually ate." Blaise said as he studied her. "Those girls that starve themselves and then eat a big meal late at night are making things worse than better. Their bodies hold onto all of the extra fat not knowing when it will get to eat again so it just piles up and makes them heavier. Especially when they don't work out regularly." Hermione said through bites of food and sips of pumpkin juice. The guys all stared at her and all of them felt their feelings for this girl grow even more. "Stop staring. It's creepy." Hermione said as she reached to grab the pitcher of pumpkin juice. "Sorry." Theo said as he looked down at his plate and started playing with his mashed potatoes that sat there. "Theodore, quite playing with your food you aren't three." Hermione said as she put the pitcher back on the table. "Draco close your mouth you're going to swallow a fly." Hermione said as she threw her hair over her shoulder so it was out of the way of her food. The guys all watched this mysterious girl make herself welcome in such a short time with adoration on their faces. The Great Hall went back to eating as normally as they could with a beauty such as Hermione in their presence. After dinner Hermione and Draco walked the first years down to the dungeons and their common room. A few ghosts said hello as they passed and some paintings introduced themselves. Once they reached the dungeons, Hermione and Draco had headaches due to all of the questions that the little ones had and how many of them they had to chase after because they tried to run off. "This is our "portrait" to our common room. The password changes every week so make sure you are aware of it before you leave or else you'll be sleeping out here until someone comes out in the morning. Do not pick a fight with the older students. We don't need angry parents sending howlers to Hogwarts because their kid was blown to bits and sent home in a match box." Hermione said as she stuck a hip out and crossed her arms. "Slytherin guard." Draco said to the wall when Hermione finished. "This is our common room. When the older kids tell you to move you move. Don't sit in their spots thinking you are bigger than you actually are. You can cause havoc in here, but once you step outside those doors your housemates are the only people who give a damn about you and everyone protects everyone outside that wall. Understood?" Draco asked as he glared down at the little kids. They all nodded quickly. "I am Hermione if you need me and that is Draco. We do not cause commotion except for in Potions and Care of Magical Creatures. Your Head of House is Professor Snape and it is his delighted duty to take points away from other houses and grant points to ours. You treat everyone with respect." Hermione said as she glared at the kids making her point clear. "Alright off to bed. Girls to the left and boys to the right." Draco said. He and Hermione turned to watch them go to their rooms before Hermione turned around and headed to the sixth floor where they were to meet Professor McGonagall. When they reached the sixth floor McGonagall was already there and waiting. "You two are late." McGonagall said as she looked at them. "Not our fault the first years tried running off." Hermione said as she crossed her arms. McGonagall was surprised at the way Hermione was talking to her and she looked like she wanted to cry. "Right. Well I hope they all made it safely. This is your dorm. You have special privilege to be out later than everyone else. Midnight to be exact. Tell the founders your password and get to bed. Yes tomorrow is a weekend, but usually Dumbledore has a mission for you two to go on. Goodnight." McGonagall said as she turned and walked away. "What would you like the password to be?" Draco asked Hermione. "Are you really going to let me pick?" Hermione asked as she placed a hand on her hip. "Uhh yeah." Draco said. "Great!" Hermione said. "Rosious." Hermione said to the portrait and walked inside when it opened. "Rosious?" Draco asked when the portrait shut behind them. "It's a combination of our middle names." Hermione said as she walked into their kitchen that was off to the left of their common room. "I knew that." Draco said as he sat at the island that connected the kitchen and common room. "Whatever, Malfoy." Hermione said as she put the kettle on the stove to make some tea. "Granger we're Slytherins. We use house elves for that." Draco said as he forgot about her new heritage. "What did you just say?" Hermione asked as she turned to face the blonde man behind her. "What? House elves?" Draco asked confused. "No before that." Hermione said as she started glaring at him. "Granger? Oh…" Draco said as he remembered and trailed off. "Look I'm really sorry that I forgot. I'm not looking to get on your bad side. Well that's if you even still have it." Draco said as he leaned back in his chair. Suddenly a big gust of air knocked him off balance and he fell to the ground with a big bang. When he opened his eyes Hermione was towering above him. "If I even still have a bad side? Listen here, Malfoy, and listen well. Just because I'm a Slytherin doesn't mean I have forgiven you for everything you put me through in our younger years. It will definitely take time. You can act all buddy-buddy, but just know this. I will not until you have proven yourself loyal. Goodnight." Hermione said as she walked past his figure on the floor and went to her room with him looking after her. When a clanking sound drew his attention away from her door he got up. Standing there in the kitchen in front of the stove was a small little house elf wearing a golden dress. "Who are you?" Draco asked the house elf. "Mitsy, Mister Malfoy. Mitsy is a house elf for Mistress Krane! What an honor indeed it is!" Mitsy said. "Mitsy did you just say Mistress?" Draco asked. "Oh yes sir! Mistress Krane is the last known Krane. Her mother was the last Mistress and she died a few weeks ago. Mitsy has been an elf to the house since waiting for an heir or heiress. Mistress Krane's return means Mitsy isn't stuck to just house cleaning anymore! Mitsy has another Mistress to serve. Oh my! Mitsy must excuse herself. Mitsy needs to bring Mistress Krane her tea!" Mitsy said as she grabbed the mug of tea she made and disappeared to Hermione's room. Draco didn't know that Hermione had house elves. "She probably doesn't know herself!" Draco said as he turned to run to Hermione's door. After two steps he heard a scream and he stopped. Hermione's door came flinging open and out came a disheveled Hermione. "Mistress Krane! Your tea is getting cold!" Mitsy said as she called after Hermione. Hermione ran out and jumped onto Draco out of fear. Draco caught her and turned them around so that she was completely shielded from Mitsy. "Where'd Mistress go? Mitsy asked as she came out of Hermione's room. "Who is that and why did she appear in my room?" Hermione asked in a hushed whisper out of fear as she leant up closer to Draco's chest. "That's Mitsy. Your house elf. She just appeared after you left to make your tea. Apparently you are the new Mistress of Krane Manor." Draco said as he recalled his conversation with the house elf. "The mother, wife, or woman of the family is supposed to be the Mistress of the manor. So that means….." Hermione said as she put two-and-two together. "Yes. Apparently she only passed a few weeks ago." Draco said as he started rubbing soothing circles on her back. "I'm sorry that this is how you found out and that you never got to meet her." Draco said as he leaned down and pressed a kiss to the top of her head. He felt her press even further into his body so he wrapped his arms around her waist tighter. "Mister Malfoy pardon Mitsy's rudeness, but who are Mister Malfoy talking with?" Mitsy asked as she walked farther into the common room. "It's just me Mitsy." Hermione said. As soon as she said something she instantly regretted it, for the house elf popped up behind her. Hermione jumped away from Draco and hid behind him. "Did Mitsy scare Mistress? Mitsy! Is so sorry! Mitsy is a bad house elf!" Mitsy said as she ran to the kitchen and grabbed a rolling pin and started hitting her head with it. "No! Mitsy stop! Stop it! Mitsy quit!" Hermione said as she gasped and ran to the elf. Hermione reached her and grabbed the back of her dress and lifted her off of the floor before yanking the rolling pin away from herself. "What the hell were you thinking?!" Hermione asked as she gently put the elf down and held her arms so she couldn't hurt herself. "Mitsy was a bad house elf so Mitsy had to punish herself! Mitsy understands if you want to punish Mitsy for her actions! Mitsy won't make a sound." Mitsy said as tears poured out of her big eyes and dropped onto her golden dress. "Mitsy I will not be hurting you. Not now and not ever. That is not what I do and I will never become that way. Promise me now Mitsy that you will never hurt yourself again." Hermione said as she looked the elf in the eyes. "Mitsy cannot promise that! It's Mitsy's duty to be punished for messing up and listening to her Mistress." Mitsy said as she started crying even more. "Mitsy!" Hermione yelled getting the attention of the house elf and scaring Draco. He hadn't heard that kind of yell since his second year when she yelled at Weasly for not listening to her. "You will listen to your Mistress right now. You will never harm yourself again. Am I understood?" Hermione asked firmly as she continued to look at the house elf. "Oh yes Mistress! Mitsy promises! Mitsy will never hurt herself again." Mitsy said as she stopped crying. "Good. You can go back home now." Hermione said. "Yes Mistress!" Mitsy said as she disappeared. Hermione stayed squatting down for a few seconds after the house elf left before she stood up. Hermione gave a big sigh and turned around and looked at Draco who was sitting at the island. "Is it always that complicated with elves?" Hermione asked as she leaned against the other side of the counter and put her head in her hands. "Not usually. Normally you just let the elf do what it's doing and wait till they've either knocked themselves out or stop and await your next command. Then you can send them away or give them something to do." Draco said as he shrugged his shoulders and crossed his arms. "I don't know what I'm going to do, Draco." Hermione said as she looked up at the blonde. "What?" Hermione asked as she saw his face. There was a shocked expression on it. "You just called me Draco." Draco said in astonishment as he looked at the brunette beauty in front of him. "So?" Hermione asked not catching on. "When did I become Draco?" Draco asked as he uncrossed his arms and put them behind his head. "When you didn't throw me, when you hid me, and when you didn't make fun of me. That's when you became Draco." Hermione said as she looked at him. She caught herself running her eyes down his face and down his torso until it stopped at the counter. Hermione hoped that he hadn't seen it, but just her luck, he did. "Like something you see?" Draco asked as he smirked at the girl. Surprisingly she didn't blush like most girls would've. "Actually yes I do." Hermione said as she walked around the counter. "There's a purple book over there that looks inviting." Hermione said as she messed with him. "Oh nuh uh." Draco said as he reached out and snaked his arms around her stomach and bringing her to him where she was standing in between his legs with her back to him. "Look at me, Minx." Draco said. Hermione slowly turned in his arms to look at him. "That's better." Draco said. "Is it really though? My feet hurt." Hermione said as she grabbed his tie and started walking backwards dragging him out of his chair. Hermione walked all the way to the couch and laid down on it bringing Draco down with her to lay on top of her. "What are you doing, Minx?" Draco asked as he kept himself propped up off of her so he wouldn't crush her. "Isn't it obvious? I'm having some fun." Hermione said as she winked at him before pulling his head down and crashing their lips together. At first it was slow and sensual and then it turned to lust and feverish kisses. Hermione reached down and started working on his buttons dragging a nail across the new skin each time she would open one. Draco started humping up against her as his arousal grew even more with her actions. Draco separated from her lips so they could breathe when a knock came from their portrait. Draco sighed and stopped moving against her. He went to sit up when she wrapped her arms around him and pulled him back to her. When he looked to the door and then to her he saw her shake her head "no". Hermione lifted her arm up and flicked her wrist in the general direction of the door and they both turned to look. Their side of the portrait turned transparent so they could see through it. Ron Weasley was on the other side with an angry look on his face. Hermione sighed and pushed up on Draco's chest. Getting the message, Draco lifted himself off of her and got up grabbing her hand and helping her up. Hermione didn't bother fixing her outfit or her hair seeing as how it was 11:45 pm and she would just say that they were asleep. Before she opened the door Draco sat down on the couch and pulled a blanket across his lap to hide his arousal. "What is it?" Hermione asked as she opened the portrait. Ron came barging in and started pacing. "How could you?" Ron asked after a while. "You just abandoned all of us. You changed your look and your body. Not that it isn't pleasant." Ron said as he stopped pacing and looked at her before pacing again. "Why are you here, Ron? We both know that this could've waited until tomorrow." Hermione said as she crossed her arms and stuck a hip out. "I came to bring you back to Gryffindor tower." Ron said. "I can't stand being so far away from your body." Ron said as he walked closer to her. Every step he took to her she took a step back. "What are you talking about?" Hermione asked as she kept backing away from him. Draco watched the whole thing waiting for the right opportunity to get to jump in. "I need to see you in your shorts whenever you come downstairs at night to read by the fire, I need to see your bra through the innocent white tank tops that you wear trying to hide your figure." Ron said as he walked faster to her. Hermione ran out of room to move and backed into the portrait hole. Ron closed in on her and trapped her between the door and his body. "I just need you, Hermione." Ron said as he went to kiss her. Hermione ducked out of the way and his kiss landed on the door. "That isn't very nice, now is it." Ron said. He brought a hand up and slapped her across the face before he grabbed her chin and turned her head to face him. "You are a sick, delusional bastard that doesn't think of anyone but himself. Go away and go shag your meaningless thot of a girlfriend. Go treat her the way you just did me and she will fuck you. You will get nowhere with me by treating me that way, Weasley." Hermione said as she looked him dead in the eye. It was kind of hard to keep the tears out of her eyes as his hand squeezed harder on her jaw making it feel like it was going to break. "How dare you talk to me that way, Mudblood. Don't think I didn't recognize what your appearance said when I walked in here. Who was it? I know it wasn't Dean. His standards are much higher than you." Ron said as he flung her head back and it slammed against the door. Hermione could feel the blood rushing to her head and she blacked out for a moment. She knew that Ron had just given her a concussion. "Now, now, now, Weasley. Surely Momma Weasley taught you more manners than that." Draco said as he drew the mans attention away from Hermione. "I know she didn't teach you to come barging into someone's living quarters like a madman and start harming the young lady that lives there." Draco said as he stood up and walked over to them. He grabbed Ron's arm and flung it away from Hermione and pushed the guy away from Hermione before he brought her to his chest. "Thank you." Hermione said silently into Draco's chest so that Ron couldn't hear her. Draco flipped up the top part of his watch and pressed a small red button that sat there before closing the top. "What do you think you're doing to her?! Let go of her you slimy snake! She doesn't like you." Ron said as his face started to turn red. "No you've got that wrong Weasley. She doesn't like you. You see, Hermione is a Slytherin now which means according to you and your friends….she's a lying, cunning, slimy, evil, death eater, scumbag Slytherin." Draco said. He felt Hermione tense up and he started rubbing circles on her back letting her know that he didn't mean it. "What are you doing? That's sexual harassment. I could have you expelled for that." Ron said as his face, neck, and ears turned the same shade as his hair. Suddenly there was a loud knock at the door and all occupants of the room turned to it. Hermione left Draco's arms to open the door. What she saw on the other side was a surprise. Four male Slytherins stood on the other side with angry faces. She opened the door and they walked right on in and stood around Draco. There was a hushed conversation before they all turned to face Ron. Scared, Ron ran over and grabbed Hermione dragging her with him as he ran through the hallway. "Ronald let go! That hurts! Stop it! What the hell is wrong with you?!" Hermione asked as she planted her feet and leaned back away from her capture. Hermione turned and tried running the other way when she saw the Slytherins running after them with their wands in their hands. Ron ran around a corner and drug her behind a statue before he slammed her against the wall and roughly clamped his hand around her mouth. "You make a single sound and give us away, you won't be thinking clearly for the rest of your life." Ron said. What he didn't realize though was that Draco had put a small piece of paper in her pocket that would make a loud sound whenever the main piece got closer. The Slytherins rounded the corner and the paper went off and flew out of Hermione's pocket from behind the statue to reconnect to the main piece that Draco was holding. "Running will get you nowhere Weasley." Draco said as he stepped to the side of the portrait and glared at Ron. Ron had his hand clamped firmly against Hermione's mouth and had her shoved completely up against the wall. "You can't run from us. We're Slytherins, remember." Adrain said as he came up behind Draco on his left. "There's no place you can run to that we won't find you." Blaise said as he stepped to Draco's right. Ron turned to run the opposite way when he saw the other two. "What's wrong weasel? Realize your mistake?" Theo asked as he stood beside Marcus. Blaise opened his arms when Ron's back was turned and Hermione took the opportunity to run into them. Blaise's strong arms wrapped around her small waist and held her close and protected from Ron. "I've made no mistake. I merely pulled my house mate and friend away from you evil bastards called Slytherins." Ron said. Blaise felt Hermione flinch when Ron said that and he tightened his hold on her. "Watch what you're saying and who you're saying it to." Hermione said as she turned around in Blaise's arms to stare at her supposed-to-be "friend". "You are no house mate of mine. They are. You are no friend of mine. You never were a friend. You saw my intelligence as a quick and easy way to pass Hogwarts and get into the Ministry. You will have none of those privileges if you keep treating me and my house like that. Do you understand?" Hermione said as she gave him the look he always feared and it was increased by her new look and all of the Slytherins around her. "Y..yyes!" Ron stammered as he looked at the girl. "Great! 50 points from Gryffindor for barging in on the heads without a real issue and waking them up. 100 points from Gryffindor for the way you talked to me and my house. 120 points from Gryffindor for your threat against me. 150 points for sexual harassment. That makes 420 points gone from your 350 leaving you with -70. I will gladly take more off if you don't leave in the next five seconds. ." Hermione said as she stood her ground against the redhead in front of her. Hermione would miss their childhood laughs, but life is much bigger than that. If she wanted to be happy she would need to leave all of the poisonous people around her. Hermione and the boys watched as he realized she was serious and saw how scared he was when he ran off back to the safety of Gryffindor tower. "Dang, Preziosa. I didn't know that you had that kind of ruthlessness in you." Blaise said as he chuckled at the girl in his arms who still had hers crossed and was glaring in the direction the boy went. Blaise didn't realize what his deep chuckle had done to her. His baritone laugh had sent shivers down her spine along with his accent in his deep voice that she loved so much. (precious) "I did. You weren't here, but in third year she slugged me in the face and broke my nose." Draco said as he laughed. The guys all laughed but no sound came from Hermione. "I think it's time that Draco and I go to bed. We apparently have a mission to go on tomorrow. Screw Dumbledore and his annoying arse." Hermione said. After she finished talking she turned around and kissed Blaise on the cheek before she went and did the same to all of them except Draco. Hermione started walking away and the guys eyes never left her figure until she rounded the corner. "I don't know if you're lucky to be living with her or not." Adrian said as they all continued to stare after the girl. "I'm lucky. If anything she's tried to do has anything to say about it then I'm most certainly lucky." Draco said. "I'll see you guys tomorrow." Draco said as he walked after the girl. "Did he just imply what I think he implied?" Marcus asked. "I think so, yeah." Theo said. "Do you think it's true?" Adrian asked. "If their appearance when we came had anything to say I would think so." Blaise said. "Well we better get back ourselves." Theo said as he started walking away with the others following him. So that was chapter 3! This is the longest one i've written with it ending on page 17 in my docs. I hope you continue to enjoy my stories. I'm starting to run low on Ideas so please send me ideas and feel free to recommend new ideas!
Slytherin Protection Chapter 4 "Hermione! Hermione wait up!" Draco called as he ran to catch up to her. "What's wrong?" Draco asked as he grabbed her elbow and turned her to face him. "What's wrong? What's wrong?! Draco I was almost kidnapped, abused, and rapped! And here you are with the guts to ask me what's wrong?!" Hermione yelled at the blonde in front of her. Feeling the familiar heat behind her eyes, Hermione turned around and continued on her way to the head dorms. "Hermione come on. You know the guys and I wouldn't let anything happen to you." Draco said as he fell into step with her. "No, Draco. I don't know that. Because as of a few hours ago, I was a Gryffindor. A lion. Your enemy. A mudblood and the person who you've had arguments with every single day for six years! I've never even talked to them. I don't know or trust them like you do and the sooner you get that through your head the sooner you will learn not to put that much trust on me so quickly." Hermione said as they reached the portrait and stopped outside of it. "Rosious." Hermione said to the portrait of a galloping night. The door swung open and Hermione and Draco walked on in. "Then let us show you that we care, Princess. Let us prove to you that we don't hate you and that I-we love you." Draco said as he stopped at the couches and watched as she stopped in front of her door. "If I'm going to be threatened every time I'm around you guys...I don't think I want to be around you." Hermione said as she silently closed her door. Leaning back against it, Hermione slid to the floor and buried her head in her hands. "Hermione. Please open the door and let me talk to you. I want to be looking at your face." Draco said from the other side. Hermione lifted her head back and let it hit the door letting him know that she was listening any way. "Princess, we don't want any harm to come to you if you couldn't tell by tonight. We were all ready to kill the Weasel for how he had treated you and how he was treating you. Hermione none of us have had the best relationship with you, especially me, but we are all willing to work on it and build one so that you will come running into our arms when you need something. I'm here when you want to talk. Goodnight beautiful." draco said as he let his hand slip from the door and smack against his thigh. Lowering his head, Draco turned and made the descent down her few steps to the ground floor to go to his room when he heard her door open. Stopping, Draco turned around and clenched his jaw shut at what he saw. A vulnerable looking Hermione with her hair wild and red eyes was looking at him. Opening his arms Draco looked at the brunette and gave her a small, timid, half smile. Sniffling, Hermione ran to him and flung herself into his arms still crying. Draco rubbed smooth circles on her back whispering calming words to her. "Do you wanna go lay down?" Draco asked as he felt her sobs lessen. Hermione didn't speak, but she slowly nodded her head. Picking her up, Draco carried her to her bed and laid her down. When he went to pull away, she reached up and held onto him pulling him down so that he was sitting next to her. "Is that how you were always treated when you were with him?" Draco asked as he drew circles on her back. Hermione nodded her head against his chest. "Did he ever hit you?" Draco asked in a dangerous tone. Hermione paused for a second, shook her head, and then immediately changed it into a nod. Draco instantly stiffened up with anger. "Did you ever tell anyone?" Draco asked next. Again, she shook her head no. "Was it bad?" Draco asked. Hermione shrugged her shoulders. Relaxing just a little, Draco was happier to know that it wasn't constant that she was treated that way. "Did you ever have to-" Draco started "Draco, enough please. I don't want to think about that right now." Hermione said while she snuggled closer into his side and threw her leg over his waist and her arm across his stomach. Reaching down, Draco placed his hand at her lower back and his other on her thigh drawing patterns and dragging it up and down her leg. Soon, Hermione was in a deep sleep and her breathing evened out. Looking down at the girl across his body, Draco fummed at the thought of anyone touching her or hitting her like the Weasley did. "Hermione, I promise that the slytherins and I aren't going to let you deal with this alone." Draco said and kissed her head. Unfortunately, Hermione had awoken at that point and heard all of it. Smiling slightly, Hermione closed her eyes again and tried to go back to sleep which came quickly. This one isn't as long as the others, but it will get better later on I promise so please stick with me!
Slytherin Protection Chapter 5 AN: Who do you guys recommend Hermione gets with? I'm having mixed ideas rn and I don't want to leave y'all with a cliffhanger bc I can't make up my mind. On with the story! Waking up, Hermione snuggled into the warmth that was coming from her left ready to fall back asleep. The only problem? The warm thing laughed jostling Hermione with deep vibrations. Shooting up out of bed, Hermione whirled around to see a very amused looking Draco Malfoy in her bed. "Malfoy?" Hermione questioned as she looked around her room. Everything seemed to be in place and nothing appeared to be missing. "Yeah. That's my name." Draco said as he pulled himself up into a sitting position against Hermione's headboard. "What are you doing here?" Hermione questioned the blonde. 'How'd you even get in here?" "You don't remember?" Draco questioned with a worried look coming across his features. "Remember what?" Hermione asked in a low tone "Last night." Draco answered looking at her like it was supposed to mean something to her. "Last night..." Hermione said trailing off. "Yeah last night. Yesterday." Draco said trying to get her to remember. "...Last night!" Hermione said loudly as she gasped and put her hands up to her mouth as she finally remembered. Running from the room she left a confused and worried looking Draco on her bed. Climbing out of her bed, Draco fixed his slacks and strolled out of her room after her. Turning around from closing her door, he saw Hermione with her school bag, pulling things from it hastily in a rush throwing them around the common room. "Hermione…" Draco said trailing off. "What" Asked an annoyed Hermione as she turned around and faced Draco. "What exactly are you doing?" Draco asked boredly. "I'm looking for something." Hermione said dismissively, but the blonde didn't leave. "I gathered that. I however will not be gathering your stuff. What are you looking for?" Draco asked as he walked over to the long couch and picked up a discarded book and fixed its pages as he sat down. "I'm looking for my quill." Hermione said as she gave up and turned her entire bag over and dumped it out on the coffee table. More books, parchment, notes, and an ink well fell out of her bag, but not her quill. Gathering the parchment and ink, Hermione pushed the other things off the table and back into her bag. "Hermione…" Draco started, but got interrupted by a knock on their door. Looking at Hermione he realized he was going to have to get it, so he stood up and gently placed the book back onto the couch nicely and walked to the portrait. "Aren't those the clothes you were wearing yesterday?" Adrian asked when Draco opened the door, scaring the blonde. Looking down, Draco realized his friend was right. Theo looked at Draco and looked confused. "What about it?" Draco asked as he shrugged his shoulders. "Did you shower?" Blaise asked as he peaked around from behind Adrian and into their room, but Draco blocked their view. "No, I didn't get to." Draco said bored as he leaned in the door. "URGH!" was heard from inside the room followed by the sound of breaking glass. Whipping around, Draco ran back inside with Adrian, Blaise, and Theo on his heels leaving the door open. "Hermione!" Theo said as he looked into the commons and saw a messy room with books, note cards, and parchment spread across the room with ink everywhere. "What is going on?!" Asked a worried Blaise. "What was that?!" Asked Adrian. "Nothing." Hermione said as she stood up and pulled her right hand close to her chest. "What happened?" Draco asked, concern on his face. "...Nothing." Hermione said as she slowly placed her hands behind her back. "Hermione…" Draco said in a low tone. "Yeah?" Hermione asked sweetly. "What did you do?" Draco asked. "Nothing. I'm just writing a letter." "What was that crash then?" Blaise asked. "Nothing. What crash?" Hermione asked trying to play it off. "I'm not in the mood for this right now." Draco said as he walked over to her with a purpose and grabbed her arm. Turning away from him, Hermione slid over a spot and watched as Draco looked at her with an annoyed look on his face. "Show me what you're trying to hide." Draco demanded. Little did Hermione know, Adrian had walked over behind her and when she went to move he grabbed her arm and pulled her hand out of her pocket. There on her hand was a big gash and ink. "What happened?" Theo asked concern clearly in his voice. "Nothing." Hermione said. "That is clearly something." Draco said. "It's fine." "Preziosa, please let us take care of it." Blaise asked the brunette "There's nothing to take care of." Hermione said as she blew out a frustrated breath leaning her head back on Adrian's chest and closing her eyes. Looking up at the other two Theo rolled his eyes. "Minx, let us take care of your cut." Draco said with a voice of finality. "No Malfoy. I'm fine." Hermione said as she lifted her head off of Adrian's chest and fixed the blonde with a hard stare. Draco flinched inside when she called him by his last name again. "Well...We'll be leaving you to it it is you're doing." Theo said as he looked at Blaise, Draco, and Adrian and quickly gestured to Draco's room. Getting the hint, the guys walked away leaving Hermione confused in the living room. "Psh, I'm not useless. I am very capable of taking care of myself." Hermione said as she walked to her room. Walking into her room, Hermione headed to the bathroom she shares with Draco. Running cold water over her cut, Hermione leaned against the sink and tried not to cry or feel anything as the water cleaned all of her magic ink out of her gash. Hermione had made her own ink. This special ink cannot be magically tampered with and will not show up unless the person it is being sent to is recognized. Hermione let out a gasp when she felt a pair of arms wrap around her waist and pull her backward into their body. Looking up in the mirror, Hermione was met with a pair of strong silver eyes staring back. Hermione stood up and kept eye contact with Draco through the mirror as she did so. "Malfoy." Hermione said as she tried walking forward away from him only to have him pull her harder and closer back to him. "I don't like that, Minx." Draco said as he dipped his head down and let his breath play across her neck as he kept eye contact with her. Draco felt Hermione take in a silent breath as he did so and smirked. "Don't like what, Malf-hmph!" Hermione went to say, but Draco clamped his hand over her mouth before gently letting it fall down to lay at her stomach. "That. I don't like how you changed back to my last name." Draco said as he stood up and placed his chin on top of Hermione's head never breaking eye contact. "Why not?" Hermione asked quietly. "Because I'd much rather hear my first come from your mouth." Draco said as he tightened his hold on her waist and if possible, pulled her even closer making her ass touch his crotch. "Draco…" Hermione said in a low tone not realizing she had used his first name. Hermione let go of all resolve and leaned back into him letting her hand fall from the water and down to her side. "Mmmm..." Draco hummed in satisfaction at the sound of his name coming from her. Draco felt her shake and he grinned. "Does that bother you?" Draco asked lowly as he lowered his head next to her neck and placed a small kiss on her neck. In the mirror, Hermione finally broke their eye contact by shutting her eyes and turning her head to the side to allow Draco more free reign to her neck. "Hmm..." Hermione hummed when Draco placed a kiss behind her ear and blew cold air across it. "Will you please let me help you?" Draco asked sincerely as he looked at her face in the mirror. He noticed her jaw stiffened and she pulled her head up from his shoulder and opened her eyes. "You can't." Hermione said as she placed her hands on his arms and tried to push them away. Draco let her go as she walked back to the sink. "Why not?" Draco asked as he came up behind her again and placed his arms on either side of her on the sink and leaned back into her neck and started placing more kisses. "You just can't." Hermione said as she fought to keep her voice steady. Draco pressed his hips against her and started trailing kisses from her jaw to her collarbone and back, gently nipping at her skin here and there. "Draco…" Hermione hummed as her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she bit her lip. "Like that?" Draco asked. He moved his hands and placed them on her hips. Lifting the hem of her shirt up, Draco slowly started tracing patterns on her skin with his fingers. "Mhm…" Hermione hummed as she pressed her hips farther into his body and hands. Draco smirked and started kissing her neck again. Draco dropped one of his hands from her waist and started trailing it down her body to rest at her hip and sitting below her stomach slightly giving her time if she wanted him to stop before he kept going and put a little pressure on her cllit through her shorts. As he did so, Hermione let out a gasp and her eyes flew open and caught his in the mirror. He had lost his smirk when she had gasped and now held a look of adoration on his face. "Let us show you that you can trust us and let us into your life, Minx." Draco said as he cupped her clit and pushed up. Hermione gasped and let out a small moan before she melted back into him. "You keep doing that and you'll get me feeling some type of way, Minx." Draco said as he lowly growled at the feeling of her ass pressed against his dick. Hermione turned around in his arms and looked up at him as she snaked her hands up his body to rest at his neck. Standing up on her tiptoes, Hermione brought his lips down and gently kissed him while he replaced his hands on her waist as he pulled her close to him and pushed her up against the sink. Draco moved his hands from her waist to behind her back under her ass and lifted her up not removing his lips from hers. Hermione gasped at the sudden movement and Draco took the opportunity to slip his tongue into her mouth and Hermione instantly responded starting a dance between them. Draco walked forward and placed her on the sink. Stepping forward, Draco pressed his arousal up to her and Hermione let out a moan. "Hey Draco!" Adrian called from Draco's doorway. Draco quickly moved away from Hermione and hid in the shower behind the curtain. Adrian walked in past the swimming pool sized bath and hot tub and around the shower wall when he stopped when he saw the mess Hermione looked. "Oh, hey Adrian." Hermione said in a light, friendly tone. "Hey, Kitten." Adrian said as he walked up to her. "Where's Draco?" Adrian asked. "He came in here a while ago and he hasn't come back yet. "Hmm..," Hermione said pretending to think, "I don't know. I've been in here and he hasn't come in yet." "You sure? You look like you just got hit by a heat wave with how red your cheeks are." Adrian asked as he walked up to her and placed a hand on her cheek looking her in the eyes. "Your eyes are beautiful." Adrian said as he started to lean into her lips. "Puecy, wasn't aware you'd be making moves on my girl." Thank you for sticking with me! I hope this story is starting to head into the direction you were wanting! Please feel free to comment on who you'd like to see more of a paring with!
Slytherin Protection Chapter 6 AN: Srry for the mix up in chapter 5. I cannot get my story to accept the updated document that explains why Theo is there, so if it still wasn't in the story for you here's when he showed up: Theo arrived with Adrian and Blaise and was standing by Adrian when Draco opened the portrait hole. Sorry about the confusion everyone! Now onto the story! "Puecy, wasn't aware you'd be making moves on the lady." "Well seeing as how it's not a known thing that she has a boyfriend and she doesn't have a tag, I wasn't struck with the thought that she was someones girl in the first place, Malfoy." Adrian said as he let his hand drop from Hermione's face and turned around. Draco had left the shower and stood in just the right spot to make it look like he had just come from his room. "Oooo...that was not a good idea, Puecy." Draco said as he smirked at the man. "Excuse me?" Asked an annoyed Hermione "Yes, Kitten?" Adrian asked as he turned and faced the girl "I am no ones, but my own. I am a person and I," Hermione jumped off of the sink and looked at Adrian before continuing, "will not be owned." she finished with a set look on her face before shoving past him and walking straight into her room and closed her door firmly. "I told you that was a bad idea." Draco said as his smirk intensified. "Well by the looks of it I wasn't the only one trying to make a move on her." Adrian said as he walked into Draco's room, but stopped when Draco started talking. "The difference though here Puecy, is that I was in the middle of my move and if the sounds she was making had anything to say, I am way ahead of the rest of you." Draco said as then walked past Adrian into his room. In Draco's room… "There you are mate, what took so long?" Blaise asked from his spot perched on Draco's bed. "Yeah mate. You were in there for quite some time." Theo added from his layed out spot on Draco's chest. "I ran into some complications." Draco shrugged as he walked over to his balcony and opened the doors letting the cold night air soothe his flushed body. "What kind of complications?" Blaise asked as he got up and scooted himself back so he was leaning on Draco's headboard. "The Hermione kind of complications apparently." Adrian drawled out from where he was leaning against Draco's bathroom door. "What is he talking about?" Theo asked as he propped his head up on his elbow. "Oh nothing much. Just the fact that Hermione was enjoying my intentions." Draco blatantly said. "You didn't!" Blaise said as he pushed his torso up from Draco's headboard. "Not fully no. Her shirt was lifted up and that was the most nudity that happened." Draco said as he shrugged turning around to face his long time friends. "So you've already made a sexually move on her. Where are the rest of us at then?" Theo asked. "Actually she made the first move on the train remember? And then she made another move on me when Weselby came by and he interrupted us. So the shower incident was actually only the first time I've made a move on her." Draco said matter-of-factly. "So that's why she was so disheveled when we arrived." Blaise said "Yep." Draco smuggly said as he smirked at his friends. "So the rest of us need to step up our game then is what you're saying." Theo said from his now sitting position on Draco's trunk. "Sure. If you think you can find her weak spots." Draco said "MALFOY!" The guys heard Hermione scream from their common room. "Sounds like you're in trouble mate." Adrian said snickering at the other blonde. Draco just stood on his balcony too scared to go see what she was mad at him for now. "DRACO LUCIUS MALFOY GET OUT HERE NOW!" Hermione yelled as she banged on his bedroom door making them all jump and move away from the door. "Mate what in the name of Merlin did you do to make that a thing?" Blaise asked like a little kid as he promptly hid behind Draco's pillows. "I...uh..I...I don't know…" Draco stammered as he spoke and just stared at the door imagining the sight once it was opened and didn't like it one bit. "Why doesn't she just open it?" Theo asked as he lifted the lid to Draco's trunk where he was hiding. "Because the doors only unlock when there is a password that is said. I thought you were supposed to be smart." Adrian said from Draco's closet where he had dived in. The banging and shouting stopped and the guys all relaxed a little. Adrian poked his head out from the closet doors, Blaise moved a pillow from his face, and Theo stuck his face out from the trunk. They all looked like they were little kids playing hide and seek. All of a sudden the bathroom door banged open and in stepped a very annoyed looking Hermione who no longer had platinum hair, but red hair. "WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!" Asked a very pissed off Hermione. "I LOOK LIKE A FUCKING LEPRHECON! NO WORSE! I LOOK LIKE A WEASLEY!" Yelled Hermione as she walked up to Draco who stood his ground, but his voice and the shaking of his hands betrayed his calm exterior. "Wh-what?" Stumbled Draco as he looked at Hermione. She thought he did that? "WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY HAIR?!" Yelled Hermione who was just getting more and more upset. "You think I did that?! Why would I want the girl I'm after to look like a Weasel?!" Draco asked as he stared at the girl in front of him. "Ugh you're useless." Hermione said as she rolled her eyes. "Which one is Zabini in?" Hermione asked boredly as she looked between the bed, trunk, and closet. She was able to narrow it down to the trunk and bed when the person in the closet sneezes and out came tumbling one Adrian Puecy. "Hey Herms…" Adrian said with a playful smile. Hermione scoffed at him and he instantly stood up and brushed himself off as she turned around. "Zabini quit being a kid and get out from behind those pillows." Hermione said as she walked over to the bed and yanked away one of the pillows around his face. "Hey, Preziosa." Blaise said as he was revealed and tried to give a sexy smile. Hermione just raised an eyebrow in an unamused manner and walked over to the trunk and flipped the lid off. Theo gave a small jump, but the trunk wasn't made for a man to sit or jostle in so it tipped over and it would've crushed Hermione's toes, but she moved in time. "Hey, Angel." Theo said as he tried the same smile as Adrian. Hermione bent down and grabbed one of Draco's Daily Prophet's and rolled it up and smacked him on the back of his head. "Ouch!" Theo yelled as he grabbed his head. Hermione looked up and threw the paper at Draco and it hit him square in the face as she walked out back through the bathroom door. "What was that about?" Adrian asked as they all continued to look at the now closed door. "I have no idea, but that was scary." Blaise said "Oh scary was it? You didn't get hit over the head!" Theo grumbled as he was still rubbing his throbbing head. "Yeah, why did she hit you?" Adrian asked as he looked down at Theo who was still sitting "How should I know?!" Theo asked angrily "Well, at least she also hit Draco so you're not alone." Blaise added in. As soon as he finished talking, Draco punched him. "What was that for?!" Blaise yelled as he jumped away from Draco and held his arm. "Just felt like you deserved it." Draco said with a shrug and headed out into their commons. "LEAVE ME ALONE! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" Yelled an angry Hermione. The guys all rushed down to see what the commotion was. "WHAT THE HELL?!" Yelled a frustrated Draco. "How dare he! That's not his property! Thought an angry Draco. "Draco! Long time no see… cousin."
Slytherin Protection Chapter 7 "Draco! Long time no see...cousin." "What do you want Cygnus." Draco asked as he looked at his cousin standing in his commons, in his school, holding a knife against Hermione. "Oh no, no, no. It's not what I want. It's what my father wants." Cygnus said as he looked at Hermione. "I can see why he would want a beautiful damsel like yourself. I only hope he shares." Cygnus said as he licked the soft spot behind Hermione's ear and she involuntarily whimpered. "Hmmm...that could be much better. We'll just have to wait though." Cygnus said as he slowly started moving his hips against Hermione's arse. "You dirty, evil bastard." Theo stated as he glared at the man in front of them. "What business does your father have with a war heroine?" Adrian asked "They make perfect pets." Cygnus said as he started to back away from the group. "Pets my ass." Hermione bit out as she continued to pull against the arms of her captor. When she did however, the knife sliced across the side of her throat and blood slowly trickled down the small gash. Cygnus tutted. "Now what good will your pretty mouth do if it's not connected to the rest of your body?" Cygnus asked "You can go die in hell you cockroach." Hermione said. Unlike the others, Draco knew instantly what was about to happen next and he was prepared. Hermione lifted her leg up and rammed it backwards into Cygnus's knee and there was a loud, audible snap indicating that something most definitely broke. "Oh now we can't be having that." Cygnus said as he stood up and healed his knee. "Unless torture and punishment turns you on princess, I would loose that habbit." Hermione had by now walked backwards to the guys and stood between Draco and Blaise. "She's not going anywhere." Adrian said as he stepped forward with Theo and they blocked Hermione from his view. "That's very sweet of all of you...but the girl is coming with me." Cygnus said in a deathly tone "I'm afraid I'm not." Hermione said as she stepped out from behind the guys with her wand brandished in front of her. "Now what good will that do you?" Cygnus asked "Quite a lot." Hermione said in a low tone "Dearie you can't even do magic nonverbally. I doubt you'll do anything to me." Cygnus said. Before the last word even left his lips, Hermione had fired a few nonverbal spells at the man. "I can't do what again? You see the great thing about being a war heroine, is that most people just expect that since you were in battle you never had time to concentrate and just used verbal." Hermione said as she blocked a few disarming spells that Cygnus had sent her way. Hermione countered in the middle of his attacks with charms. "What good will charms do you my love? You will soon realize who you belong to and will come to your senses" Cygnus said a little breathless as he battled the little witch. "Uh oh…" Said Draco and Adrian as they looked at each other and then back at the pair in front of them. "Uh oh?" Theo asked "Yeah uh oh." Adrian said "Major uh oh." Draco said as they simultaneously backed up a few steps. "What did you just say?" Hermione asked. "I cannot be owned!" Hermione said as she upped her attacking speed and started advancing on Cygnus. "Oh, but you shall be owned my dear. Whether I have to take you back bruised or perfect is up to you and currently you are choosing battered." Cygnus said. Looking to the side, he used wandless magic to topple a bookshelf down onto the back of Hermione. The guys sucked in a breath as they watched Hermione get buried by piles and piles of books. Nothing happened at first and the guys were all worried, until there was a loud smash and Cygnus fell to the ground. There, standing behind him, was a bruised and pissed off looking Hermione holding a now broken vase. "Hermione!" The guys yelled as they ran to her and enveloped her in a hug. "Guys! Guys! Sore." Hermione managed to croak out from their bear hug. "Oh right. Sorry Hermione." Blaise said as they let go of her. "What's wrong Draco?" Hermione asked as he looked confused. "Nothing. It's just that, that seemed to easy." Draco said as he looked at the guys and they all donned the same look. "You're right." Adrian said. "When we were younger he always was stronger than us." "And when we would be training he always won." Theo added "Something's off." Blaise said. The group turned to look at the unconscious Cygnus only to find him gone. "Where'd he go?!" Asked Theo. "I told you charms wouldn't be strong enough." Cygnus said as he popped up behind Hermione and jumped into their fireplace flooing away. "Damn it!" Yelled a frustrated Draco who smashed the coffee table and sent pieces flying. "Draco calm down. We'll find her." Adrian tried reasoning. "No we won't! I don't even know where my lunatic of an uncle lives! Rodolphus is supposed to be in Azkaban!" Draco yelled as he took out his wand and started blasting random things in his anger. "Draco mate we'll find her. With all of our attributes put together we can't lose her." Blaise said as he followed behind Draco putting everything back together. A knock resounded on the door and Draco walked over and threw it open to find one Pansy Parkinson. "Oh Drakey! She hasn't corrupted you!" Pansy shrieked as she threw herself at Draco. "Pansy what the hell are you talking about?!" Yelled a frustrated Draco. "The veela!" Pansy said. "That's the only explanation as to why that mudblood looks the way she does! She sent a veela in her place somehow and has managed to convince you all that she's Granger!" Pansy said as she tried to kiss Draco. Blaise walked over and picked Pansy off of him before letting Adrian open the portrait hole and threw her outside. Theo threw them rags from the kitchen and they wiped themselves off. "What was she talking about?" Draco asked "I dunno mate. She's crazy. Anything to make Hermione look like the bad guy." Adrian said "You don't think she's right do you?" Blaise asked from the kitchen where he and Theo had started burning the rags. "About Hermione being a veela? No I doubt it. Hermione is just beautiful and Pansy is jealous." Theo said as he and Blaise started forming shapes out of the smoke. "Hey that one looks like a bird." Adrian said from where he was leaning on the couch lazily flicking his wand to repair whatever Draco had destroyed next. "I can't believe him!" Draco said as he threw a vase into the air and shot it with a spell. "What does Hermione mean to him?!" Draco said as he started throwing things around the room. "Cygnus told you what he needed her for. A toy." Blaise said with a scowl on his face. "No. That bastard won't fuck muggle-borns. He only messes with muggles so he can then obliviate them and kill them. He thinks of muggle-borns much more lowly than regular muggles." Draco said as he continued to blast things. "He clearly doesn't know that Hermione is a Krane if he thinks he's going to be able to have his way with her." "Draco mate. You're going to need to stop at some time." Theo said as he vanished the ashes of the rags. "How can I?! I have nothing other than the fact that she'll only be alive while he rapes her! If she hadn't known she was a witch, none of this would've happened." Draco said "You're right, Draco. She never would've saved Potters' arse and we would've been plunged into certain doom immediately in our first year, she never would've ended up warning Potter about the basilisk and every single muggle-born would be gone, Sirius would be dead and Potter would've gone insane and from there on we would never have gotten the shot at fighting for our lives and freedom! Draco she's the reason the war was won! All of her sacrifices are what brought the scales to the light side." Adrian said as he body bound Draco so he could look the blonde in his face. When Adrian released the spell Draco shot him with a stinging spell and Adrian jumped away rubbing his arm. "Don't you think I'm aware of that!" Draco said as he looked at the man rubbing his arm "You could've just said that. You didn't have to sting me!" Adrian said with a pouty face "And you didn't have to body bind me." Draco said matter-of-factly as he crossed his arms. "Well if you hadn't-" "Enough!" Blaise and Theo yelled interrupting Adrian. "People would think you two where little kids fighting over a play train!" Theo said "What do you think Hermione would say to you twos behavior right now?!" Blaise asked with a scowl on his face as he and Theo looked down at their friends. "Good point. My bad Draco." Adrian said as he stuck his hand out to call a truce. "Apology accepted, Ade." Draco said as he shook his friends outstretched hand. "Well…" Adrian said with a cough and a motion with his hand "Oh," Draco said, "and you will still be considered my friend and no hard feelings in the mix." Draco finished with an evil, mischievous smile to his friend before he got struck in the face with a pillow. "You arrogant prat." Adrian said with a huff, but a smile on his face as he gave a small laugh. Theo and Blaise could be heard in the kitchen laughing trying to keep it quiet. "You messed up my hair!" Draco whined as he raced into his room to fix his hair. When he came back he had lost any mention of playfulness that was once on his face. "What?" Blaise asked as he and Theo went around the island to the bar stools. "She's gone." Draco said as he looked down and flopped onto the couch on his back. Adrian, Blaise, and Theo all came into the living room with Adrian and Blaise taking the arm chairs to his left and right while Theo conjured up a bean bag chair. "For now yes." Theo said as they had all sobered up. "Should we tell Marcus?" Adrian asked as he rested his head on his hand. "Obviously. We should come up with a plan of protection though before we do. You know how he feels about Hermione and I don't want to get thrown around because she's gone." Theo said "I agree with Theo." Blaise said as he laid his legs over one of the arm rests. "Of course you do. You two just don't want to get a little rough around the edges with someone." Adrian said as he lifted his head up and let his arm fall outwards. "He's got a point." Draco said as he lifted his arms up and placed them behind his head "Oh of course you would agree with Adrian." Theo said as he and Blaise looked at the two blondes in front of them "I see what's happening here. You two want us to think that you're besties and then when we disagree we're all going to end up in some kind of duel to see who's the best or something like that." Blaise said "What?" Adrian asked genuinely looking confused "You heard me." Blaise said as he stuck his nose up in the air. "You're an idiot, Blaise." Draco said as he placed his hands over his eyes. "You're one to talk." Adrian said as he leaned back in his arm chair, kicking his feet up on the couch armrests. "Watch it, Puecy." Draco said as he dropped a hand from his face to look at the man in front of him. "Oh, and what if I don't?" Adrian asked with a smirk on his face. "You'll lose Hermione." Draco said as he glared at his friend. "How so?" Adrian asked in a low tone that bade danger "I dunno. Maybe her opinion of you might change if she knew the reason behind why you suddenly like her." Draco said as he picked his head up and looked at Adrian. "What? The same reason you're doing it too I'm sure." Adrian said as he looked his friend up and down "For love. To hold her, to comfort her as she screams through her nightmares at night, to raise a family together, and give her the life she wants and deserves. What are you doing it for, Puecy?" Draco asked vividly. "All of the listed above." Adrian said slowly as he narrowed his eyes at his friend. Suddenly, a loud bang was heard on the portrait hole and the four of them jumped up with their wands in their hands. Walking toward the door, the guys looked at each other and separated. Blaise and Adrian went to either side of the portrait while Theo and Draco stood side by side ready to face the noise head on. Blaise carefully opened the door and what was on the other side was a shock to all of the occupants both in and out of the room. "What?" the guys all said in unison as they stared at the strange occurrence in front of them. "Who are you and what have you done with Hermione Kronor?!" Cliffhanger! I loved writing this chapter! I have more ideas for this story, but I'm probably going to hold them off and update my other two stories. Thank you and review as always please!
