Hi! This is my first story, so constructive criticism will help! I don't know much about what to do, so please be patient if I mess up anything! I do have a life outside of writing, and if I plan to continue writing stories I will mostly do one-shots for now. I don't have a posting schedule or any idea of how I'll do this. (also I don't know how to indent paragraphs here...) I have never written or attempted to write here before, so if any other writers could help me out, I would really appreciate it! Prologue... Mira Mira was not a normal child. She was unnaturally intelligent and her mood could change in a millisecond. She had the attention span of a goldfish, yet she was often seen sitting on the floor and reading a book by a shelf in the library. She was short, and her voice was high pitched. Her hair was a vibrant shade of red as if it had been dyed. It was extremely long and never tangled or caught itself on anything. Her eyes sparkled, showing off her emotions. Her skin was almost the color of paper. Strange things always seemed to happen around her. Mira knew she wasn't normal, but she didn't think it would be such a big deal! And what does the neighbor have to do with this? Mira was having the worst day ever. She lost her favorite hair clip, she was moving, and she'll never see her friends again. She got out of their silvery-green car, dragging behind her shimmery green suitcase. She was wearing a green shirt, a silver skirt, and silver flats. She had her hair tied in a half ponytail with a green and silver bow. Did I mention that green and silver were her and her mom's favorite colors? She deposited her luggage by the door with a thump and went back out to help her parents. These flats were killing her. 1. They were way too tight 2. She forgot her socks 3. She was TIRED. Like, seriously, who decided to make these this way? Why? And why did she choose these? She shook herself from her thoughts, stacking up some small boxes and carrying them inside. She almost dropped the ones on the top, when out of the gosh-darn-fricking-green, came a boy around her age. He caught them out of mid-air and quietly carried them back to her door, stopping to wait for her to put away what she was holding before giving the boxes back to her. When she came back out to say thanks, he was gone. Like he never existed. She would later learn his name was Harry James Potter. And he was a strange boy. A troublemaker. Shy. Adorable. Delinquent. Scary. Harmless. None of the descriptions matched each other. And she wanted to know why. So, she asked her family. Her neighbors. And the elusive Dursleys at Number Four.
Hi again! It's me! I know I'm not the best writer ever, but I'm trying my best! Sure, Mira was smart, but she still forgot things. A lot of things. Her homework, her hair clip, her shoes, her socks, her backpack, her sweater... If it was possible to forget it, she would. Her parents knew this. So it didn't come as a surprise to them to hear that their daughter had forgotten to do her homework. Which had been assigned last week. And was worked on in class. So naturally, like any teacher dealing with a troublesome student, they sent Mira to detention... Where she met the only other person like her. Harry Potter, the neighbor's kid. You see, Mira didn't know much about where she lived. In fact, she barely knew her way around her own house! She wasn't very popular, and she didn't know any gossip. What she did know, was that the Dursleys were an anomaly. They had four people, Petunia, Vernon, Dudley, and Harry. There were many strange things about them, even though they prided themselves on being "normal." How impeccably neat their garden was when she never saw Petunia doing any yard work. How their nephew had a different last name. How they seemed to hate Harry when Mira saw nothing wrong with him. How unnaturally large and chubby Vernon and Dudley were in comparison to Harry, who was small and skinny. How Harry never seemed to go outside to play. How the other three people of the family went on vacations, while no one came to take care of Harry. She took her concerns to her parents, who called the authorities. Nothing was done. So when she finally was with Harry, without Vernon or Dudley or Petunia nearby, she jumped at the chance to talk to him. "Hey, you!" Harry went silent, frozen in fear. "Oops... Sorry I scared you! I just haven't seen you around a lot. You're Harry, right?" He nodded silently. "Okay... so," Mira continued, getting a sharpened pencil and making a little sketch in her notebook, "what do you like to do? I like drawing, cuz I can kinda make my own little world." Mira looked out of the corner of her eye, seeing her fellow classmate taking a breath, before she heard him speak. "...I like reading." Harry could've sworn the girl next to him had started glowing. "Cool! Do you like fantasy and adventure stories? I think those are the best. Wait a minute! You don't know my name yet!" Harry turned to glance at the excited girl next to him. "I'm Mira!" the girl continued, looking proud of herself, "Let's be best friends forever!"
Hey! It's me again! Harry Harry didn't know what to say when he saw the girl from the other class sit down next to him. He didn't know what to say when she started asking questions. But when she said they were going to be best friends forever, he had to say yes. "Yeah!" Mira, or at least that's what she had introduced herself as, smiled brightly, showing her missing tooth. Soon, detention was over, and Mira had already had an idea of what her new friend was going to be doing this afternoon. "You," she said pointing at him," are coming with me," she pointed at herself, "to my house," she pointed out the window, "to meet my parents" Harry nodded quietly and they gathered their things, walking out with the rest of the students who had gotten detention. One of them grabbed Harry and gave him a noogie. "Looks like the midget's got himself a-" The boy was cut off my Mira, who had introduced his jaw to her fist. She was going to get in so much trouble! The boy fell over, the crowd of students gawking, Mira walking away as Harry ran to catch up. "Mira!" Mira whirled around to face Harry, who had grabbed onto her arm once they were out of sight. "Don't you know what you just did? That's one of the guys that my cousin Dudley knows! They gonna go Harry Hunti- they're gonna kill me!" "Harry Hunting?" "...That's when Dudley and his friends chase me around, and if they find me they beat me up..." Mira, who was already angry earlier, was now on a warpath, and she stalked back toward the school, grabbing Harry's arm and dragging him with her. She was not going to let this go. Back at school, with Harry trailing behind her, she walked up the path as intimidatingly as one could in a skirt and flats. She pushed open the doors with a bang, startling the few students left inside. She stomped toward Dudley, who was leaning against a wall. He was acting like he ruled the place, but it wasn't very believable since he was a pudgy boy with a mop of blond hair and a uniform that was a bit too tight. He probably got the biggest size She went up to him, let go of Harry's arm, and jabbed a finger at the pig. "You! If I see you or any of your dimwitted arseholes you call friends near Harry again, I'll punch your lights out!" Silence rang across the school, everyone turning to stare at the newcomer. She, in comparison to Dudley, was about a foot shorter but made up for it in attitude. Dudley just scoffed, "Yeah right, go back to where you came from, wimp. As for the coward hiding behind you, he's getting hell." Mira glared. Dudley looked bored. Mira kicked him in the shin to get his attention. "Hey! What was that for?" "Sorry, but I thought words wouldn't get through all that fat and your thick skull. Excuse me for my misunderstanding." Mira smirked, Dudley was the one glaring now. "Wimp, I gave you a warning!" He threw a clumsy punch at her. He's not strong, he's just throwing his entire body weight, all two-thousand-something pounds of it, behind his hits. He's leaving himself open for attack, I could probably just tap him lightly on the leg and he would fall over. Now that would be a sight. Mira dropped down low, below his punch and heard Harry gasp. She put both hands on the floor next to her, and using the leg she wasn't balancing on, swung at the back of Dudley's knee, making him topple over like a sack of potatoes. He tried to get up. "You little-!" Mira just kicked him again, sending him sprawling. "This is your warning, next time, it'll be worse." Mira, now suddenly with an icy demeanor, lightly grabbed Harry's arm and waltzed away. She heard the fading jeers of Dudley's "friends" and classmates, smirking. Mira walked with Harry down the sidewalk to her house, a cute little two-story house, decorated in blue, green, and white. Mira unlocked the door, still gripping Harry's arm, but less tightly as she guided him toward one of the chairs in the living room. "Mom! Dad! Alex! I'm home! And I brought a friend!" A feminine voice shouted back from upstairs, "Okay! Let her in the living room, I'll be down in a minute!" "Mom, it's a he, not a she." Oh my god, my baby has a boyfriend, Mira's mother thought in awe. There was a speechless silence, before a boy's voice yelled back, "Finally! He better be my friend too!" Who was that? Harry heard footsteps as a woman descended the stairs. She had long red hair tied back in a ponytail, but hers was less vibrant, with a few strands of gray mixed in. Harry couldn't even think of her as old. "So who's this little guy?" the woman said, putting her hands on her knees to get to eye level with the two shortest people in the room. "...My name's Harry, Ma'am." The woman's face broke into a grin, "Just Lauren in fine. I'll get you guys something to drink, it's hot outside!" Lauren, whom Harry assumed was Mira's mom, walked over to the kitchen and out of sight. Thundering footsteps reached Harry's ears as another family member approached them. This time, it was a blond boy with blue eyes. He was tall, taller than Dudley and almost as tall as Vernon.
Hi! It's DCA again! I'm thinking of maybe posting 3 chapters a week? These are too small to be posted only once a week, and weekends exist! Alex Alex ran down the stairs after changing out of his uniform, his footsteps reverberating throughout the house as he came to a stop in front of a small boy with black hair and green eyes. On his way, he ruffled Mira's hair, just to annoy her, before turning to "Harry." Needless to say, Alex didn't trust him near his sister. Not. At. All. But he tried to be nice to him for Mira's sake. AND NOT BECAUSE HE LOOKED LIKE HE WAS STARING DEATH IN THE FACE. "So, sis, this is the guy you were talking about a few weeks ago." Mira had brought some concerns about "Harry" to their parents after observing the behavior of the Dursleys. They brought it to the authorities and talked to the neighbors about it, but everyone said he was a troublemaker. His sister was too, but that's not the point! This kid seemed way more shy than her. "Yeah! Meet Harry! Harry, say hi to Alex." Silence. Is there something in my teeth? Did I forget to wash my face? I swear I did... "Harry?" "...Hi." "Lil sis, is he okay?" "You're not that much older than me! You were born only a few days before me!" Did he mention that she was adopted? He probably forgot. Oopsie. Harry was looking as confused as someone could get, he opened his mouth to speak and- "She's adopted. My mom's sister died giving birth." "Oh." Awkward... Just then, Mom conveniently waltzed out of the kitchen when their conversation became a bit awkward. A little too conveniently for Alex to believe it. He didn't call her out on it though. Mira was (probably) thinking the same thing. Or maybe she zoned out again. The wonders of a parent who spies on your private conversations. After noticing her son (me) sitting there, she bustled over, setting down three glasses of water and a plate of cookies. I love you, Mom, you scheming evil genius.
Hi! DCA here! I'm trying to be more descriptive, so here's my first attempt! "So, Harry," Lauren started, "how are you?" "I'm fine, Ma'am-" "I appreciate you trying to be respectful, but you really don't have to. You're practically family now, whether you like it or not." Harry mentally facepalmed. Next to him, Mira smiled, reaching over and patting his arm in an attempt to be comforting. Harry continued to study the people in the room, and upon closer inspection, he saw that Lauren had blue eyes and freckles, and Mira's looked... different? He swore that hers were green, but now they were blue. Damn my stupid bad eyesight. "Harry, in this family, a friend of my family is my family. No exceptions." Harry nibbled on his cookie a bit, loosening his death grip on one of their pillows. Alex nudged him, short for DO SOMETHING YOU FUDGING IDIOT. "Um... Can I call you Auntie?" Harry almost flinched, what was he thinking? He'd only known her for a few minutes! Lauren's heart melted, oblivious to Harry's internal struggle. Of course, he could! "Of course you can!" Harry smiled, a fleeting, brief, almost unnoticeable smile, but a smile nonetheless. A smile interrupted by the obnoxious footsteps of Andrew, Mira and Alex's dad, and Lauren's husband. Harry's eyes widened as he looked at the man, who towered over everyone in the room by no less than a foot. Taller than Vernon, than any person he had ever seen before. He looked like an aged up carbon-copy of Alex. I may not really be religious, but to whatever god is out there, save me, please. WAIT DON'T- The man plopped down on the opposite couch to the children, next to his wife. My prayers have been left unanswered. Harry was thoroughly intimidated. He dived under a pillow for cover and pulled it over himself, eyes just peeking over the edge. You didn't see me, you didn't see me, you didn't see- The man laughed, and his wife lightly whacked his arm. "Andrew! Don't scare him!" After a few seconds, the man calmed himself and studied the boy. Shy was the first word he could find to describe him. There was silence, broken by Alex clearing his throat. "So..." "So," Lauren continued for Alex, "this is my husband," she gestured to the man, "Andrew." More silence. Harry continued nibbling on his cookie from behind the pillow. "Dad, I think you've killed him." More silence. "Alright, kiddo!" Andrew said, standing up from his spot next to his wife,"Welcome to the family!" Harry opened his mouth to talk, but all they heard was a small squeak. Then he felt himself blush, he was such an idiot! It wasn't like he was gonna get attacked or something... But if he got hugged, he reserved every right to die right there. Death by overly friendly friend's dad, what has the world come to?
Hi! I'm trying my best! I'm thinking of updating as often as I possibly can, due to how short the chapters are. And of course, life did exactly what he didn't want it to. He got hugged. Sure, Andrew didn't seem like he was going to kill him anytime soon, but it felt like being squeezed to death by a bear. And he couldn't see. Life: 1 Harry:0 "Andrew, you're suffocating him!" He felt himself being released before he saw anything. The first thing he saw: Flannel. Next: Blobs of color Lots of color. Did someone dye his eyes rainbow without him noticing? Oh. He dropped his glasses. He'd almost started bending down to get them when they were placed on his face by a red, tan, green and silver, blob with two greenish-blue dots. When he finally had his vision back, he saw a smug Mira sitting on the couch and finishing off the rest of the cookies. She looked over and smirked, before shoving 3 cookies into her mouth at the same time. "Mira! Save some for him!" " 'Kay mom." They quickly ate the rest of the cookies, and by quickly, I mean they shoved as many as they could in their mouths before grabbing three in each hand and rushing upstairs. Lauren just laughed at their antics, she'd never thought that Mira would find someone as crazy as her. And she was damn grateful. "C'mon! I wanna show you my room!" Harry was dragged in a daze to a room. When he regained his senses, he saw himself standing on a fluffy green carpet. He looked to his left and saw a nightstand, covered in photos with green frames. He looked to his right, a mini library with beanbag chairs. He looked ahead, a big bed with green and silver blankets and pillowcases. A desk was behind him, with a computer and a silver and green swivel chair. He saw a wardrobe near the bed, open with articles of green, silver, blue, purple, and various other colors on display. The entire room was decorated with twinkling fairy lights, like stars in the night sky. Speaking of stars, he saw the ceiling was painted with millions of different shades of dark blues, grays, and black. The moon was painted in glow-in-the-dark paint, illuminating the room. Windows let in some light by the mini-library. He continued staring in awe, his room wasn't this cool! "Wanna play cards?" In the time that he'd been staring, Mira had went ahead and gotten a deck of playing cards. He'd mostly only ever seen Dudley play with them. "Yeah! But I don't know any games..." "Well, I'll teach you, dummy!" She led him to a circular table in the mini library area and sat down in a beanbag chair, Harry did the same on the other side. Mira picked up the entire deck, separating the cards into two piles. "This game is real simple, I think it's called 'war'. Basically, you get your stack of cards," She demonstrated by picking up her half, "and flip them over so the backside is facing up. Then, you pick the one on the top and put it down, face up. Whoever gets the bigger card gets to keep both." Harry did as she told, putting a card down, face up. A king. She did the same. A queen. "Since the queen is less than the king, you get to keep the cards," she pushed the cards toward him with an encouraging smile. He put them in the back of his deck. This continued for around thirty minutes, the sounds of their laughter reverberating throughout the house. Harry was home.
I'm planning on doing as many chapters as I can every week! This means I could do three to 10 chapters a week! "Kids! Time for dinner!" Mira and Harry stopped their game, putting the cards back in the box. Mira smiled mischievously and held up 3 fingers. 2 1 They ran down the stairs at full speed, Lauren cringed. Okay, maybe I'm not so grateful... Pivoting on the last step, they grabbed the end of the railing and used it to swing themselves around, dashing toward the kitchen. They elbowed their way past Alex, almost knocking him over in their haste. "Hey!" Mira and Harry turned around slowly, identical unapologetic smirks on their faces. "Whatever do you mean, dear brother of mine?" Mira asked, batting her eyelashes. Harry snorted. Alex huffed. Lauren rolled her eyes. Andrew laughed. "Leave me alone! Mooom, Mira's being mean to me!" Alex stomped his foot, crossing his arms and puffing his cheeks out. He looked absolutely ridiculous, to say the least. Lauren just continued dividing the food between the five of them. The second her bowl was full, Mira dug in, shoveling food into her mouth. Harry looked around, seeing bowls of fluffy mashed potatoes and steaming soup. The Dursleys never let him eat like this! Harry took a cautious bite, looking around at everyone in the room to see their reactions. They did nothing. Harry looked around a second time, before picking up the pace. "...Harry!" "Huh?" "What do you think is better, red and gold or green and silver?" Alex rolled his eyes fondly, shoving another spoonful of mashed potatoes in his mouth. "Well," he started, his voice slightly muffled by the food in his mouth, "I-" "Alex, stop talking with your mouth full! And let Harry talk!" "Yes, Mum." After a few seconds of consideration, Harry came to a decision. "...Green and silver." Mira smiled brightly, whirling around to face her brother. "Ha! Take that, Alex!" "B-but... red and gold!" Alex pouted, before turning to his mother again. "Mom! Mira's being mean to me again!" "Alex, she isn't being mean. Mira, let Alex have his own opinions." Lauren's husband laughed, "They're just kids, Ren! Give them a break. Besides, they're grow out of it soon." "They'd better!"
It was a usual Friday morning, Mira fell off her bed, almost put soap on her toothbrush, and couldn't find a hair clip to use. Gosh, darn it. When she (finally) arrived at school, a steady stream of students had already started. Harry was with them, looking around nervously as if he expected someone to attack him. "Harry!" Harry turned around, looking over his shoulder at her before running over. "Hi." "Did you-" Dudley sauntered over like he was the coolest thing since the Ice Age. His friends started jeering at them. "Lookie here! The runt's got a girlfriend!" "Ha! He's hiding behind her!" Harry wasn't really behind her, Mira just stepped forward. "Well look at yourself, first! Why are you so concerned about what other people are doing that you don't even take care of yourself? You smell." Dudley aimed a punch at her, she ducked like usual. He never seemed to learn. His friends laughed before joining in. Another punch. She ducked and kicked them in the shin. A kick. She dodged and grabbed the offending leg, making the person fall backward unceremoniously. Eventually, she grew tired of dragging it out and just kicked them all in the nuts and walking away. Serena Elizabeth Martin was extremely nervous. The previous teacher had resigned due to the behavior of the students here, but she knew she couldn't find a position anywhere else at this school. The opened the door, and the students flooded in. The first thing I noticed? Half of the students looked like delinquents. The kind of people you might see smoking in a bathroom. Second? A shy, quiet, boy standing near a few taller boys and girls. They seemed to be picking on him, giving him a noogie or pulling his hair, looking around to make sure I wasn't watching. I noticed anyway. "Boys! Leave him alone and sit down." Harry sent her a grateful smile, while Mira appeared by his side with a glare at delinquents 1, 2, and 3. "Okay, class! I'm your new teacher, . Can everybody tell me their names? Let's start over here..." She pointed at Harry and Mira, who were at the back of the room. Harry pointed at himself and the teacher nodded. "I'm Harry Potter." He's so quiet... "Okay, and you?" "I'm Mira! Miranda Roux!" Mira chirped. Next to Harry and Mira, saw a tall, blond boy with blue eyes. He spoke without her even prompting. "I'm Alex, Mira's my little sister, if you upset Harry Mira gets mad which makes me angry." He said this with an oddly cool tone of voice. Overprotective. Next was a dark-haired boy. "I'm Kian." She continued the process. "I'm Kai! Kian's my brother." Like his brother, he had dark hair cut short. A few students later, she came to the delinquents. "Dudley." One of them said. "Lori." Another said, chewing her bubble gum. "No gum in class," the teacher reminded sternly. The girl spat it out, glaring at her. Oh dear. By recess, was absolutely exhausted. Who knew handling thirty children would be so difficult? Dudley, Lori, and their friends kept bugging Harry throughout the day, and she had to stop several times to remind them to leave him alone. Mira had a fiery personality and always had a retort for every insult thrown at her friend. Alex glared coldly at everyone, adding to the effect. They were complete opposites but worked like a team. She was supervising today, so she grabbed her lanyard and her little black walkie talkie. Simple, right? Wrong. Harry was sitting on a bench at the lunch tables, eating a snack with Mira and Alex. Dudley was at a different lunch table and throwing crumpled up pieces of paper that used to be his homework at Harry. Darn it. "Dudley! Leave Harry alone, and stop crumpling your homework. I've had enough, it's a wonder your previous teacher lasted that long. Detention after school." "It's Harry's fault! He's a freak!" "Detention for the rest of the week." I hate my life.
Draco Malfoy hated everyone and everything at that moment. His father promised that he would get him a new broom, but it had been weeks! He knew that he had to get on the quidditch team when he went to Hogwarts, and he couldn't practice without a good broom! Especially since Harry Potter would be going there. And of course, everyone knew who Harry Potter was. Draco knew he would be in Gryffindor like his parents. A Gryffindor would never want to be friends with a "Death Eater's" son. He didn't have a chance. Mira was bored. Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored... Harry didn't walk home from school with her, and she didn't know where she was. So, she did the logical thing. She marched up to the Dursleys front door, knocked, and waited. A tall woman opened the door and looked positively livid when she saw her. "You! You hurt my Dudleykins!" There was silence, only broken by the rustling of leaves in the light breeze. Harry peeked his head around Petunia to see who was outside, and when he did, he glowed with happiness. "Mira!" He launched himself at her, and, with surprising strength, she caught him, the two of them laughing the entire time. She turned to Petunia, still holding Harry. "So, Tuney, can Harry come over to my house for a few days?" Petunia stood silently, looking at her in shock... "Hey, Tuney! Can Severus come to our house after school?" "No thanks! I'm not hanging out with that freak!" The girl's voice pulled Petunia back to reality. "...I'll take that as a yes?" "Fine." Harry seemed to be limping, so Mira asked what happened. He said he fell out of a tree. Like a logical person who absolutely knew what personal space was, she picked him up like a sack of spuds again. Using one hand to pull her keys out of her pocket, unlock the door, and slam it open like the drama queen she was made a person hungry. But first, she had to drop off her luggage. She unceremoniously dropped him on the couch and skipped off to find a snack. Harry mumbled something. "Harry?" "...Can I call you Andy? Your name's Miranda..." "Sure!" "Harry, when's your birthday?" "July 31st." "Cool! You're turning eleven soon, right? That's only in a month! I'm turning eleven on July 1st!" "Yeah, it's already June, school ends soon." Mira ran off to tell her parents. "Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mo-" "Yes?" "Harry's birthday is soon! It's on July 31st!" Mira was already making plans for her best friend's birthday. She had already started a checklist of what they needed. 1. Cake 2. Candles 3. Balloons 4. Streamers She didn't have much to do since it was Friday and they had no weekend homework. "Harry! Truth or Dare!" The sleepover was already in progress, and everyone (Mira, Alex, and Harry) was dressed in their pajamas. "Truth!" Mira thought for a moment. "Who was your first crush?" "I dunno, I kind of had a crush on this girl in third grade but she was a jerk." "Okay! You ask someone!" Harry turned to Alex, smiling evilly. Harry knew what Alex was going to choose. "Truth or Dare!" "Dare!" "I dare you to let us do a makeover on you and you have to look like that for the rest of the game." Mira fell over, clutching her stomach as she laughed. Alex scowled, "No!" "Yes!" Mira and Harry cried in unison. "Wait here." Mira ran off to her parents' room, grabbing her mother's makeup, hair clips, headbands, hair spray, and every girly thing she could think of. She came back into the room. Harry already had Alex in a chair. "Let's do this!" Harry yelled, opening one of the makeup containers and looking at Alex. Mira did the same. "No... No! Nooooooooo!" Mira and Harry just smiled innocently at him... By the time they were done, Alex looked more like a girl than Mira. He had eyeshadow, concealer, lipstick, and every other kind of makeup on his face. His hair was done in a low ponytail. Mira and Harry already had pictures for blackmail and were dragging Lauren and Andrew into the room. When his mother saw Alex, she put a hand over her mouth, stifling laughter. Andrew didn't care about preserving his son's dignity, laughing along with the two other children in the room. "Okay," Mira said, settling back down into her beanbag chair, "Alex, ask someone." "Harry! Truth or Dare!" "Dare." "I dare you to wear a skirt and Mom's high heels." Harry shrugged and went with Mira to get the requested items. He put them on over his pajamas and looked ridiculous. Alex looked disappointed that he hadn't reacted with a violent "No!" By 2 AM, everyone in the house was asleep. Mira was sprawled out, halfway on her beanbag. Harry was curled up around a pillow on the floor. Alex was using the side of Mira's beanbag chair as a pillow. Lauren and Andrew walked in, turning off the lights with a smile.
It wasn't a sound that woke her, nor was it a feeling. It was the smell of breakfast. Mira stretched, rolling lazily off her beanbag chair and onto Alex. He mumbled, pushed her off. Mira crawled over to Harry, making sure to be as quiet as she possibly could, and shook him awake. "Harry," she whisper-yelled, grabbing his shoulder, "Harry!" "Wuzgoinon..." Mira felt around the floor until she found his glasses, putting them on his face. "Harry! It's already eight!" She grabbed onto his feet, dragging him away from his pillow with difficulty. "Come on! I smell pancakes!" "Pancakes!" Harry jumped up, running downstairs like a starved man. Alex grumbled, pulling his pillow over his head, "Leave me alone..." By the time Alex came downstairs, almost everyone was done eating. And his pancakes were cold. Dammit. "Guys! If someone takes care of a chicken, they're a chicken tender!" Alex sighed, shaking his head. Mira, I love you but please shut up. "So, what now? It's Saturday! Wanna go to the park?" "Sure," Harry replied, turning to Alex, looking at him expectantly. Mira did the same, both of them using their patented deluxe do-what-I-want puppy dog eyes. "Fine." Mira and Harry whooped, jumping up and high fiving each other. The family had gotten to the park, after several scenarios straight out of a cartoon. "Mira! Alex! Harry! You need to wear your sunscreen!" "No!" "You'll never get us alive!" "Alex! We need to bring cookies!" "No!" "FA LA LA LA LAAA, LA LA LA LAAAAAAA!" "IT AIN'T CHRISTMAS YET!" Suddenly, like some cult of posessed children, they started singing Smooth Criminal and doing the dance moves in leather jackets that Lauren and Andrew didn't know they had. "...YOU'VE BEEN HIT BY, YOU'VE BEEN STRUCK BY, A SMOOTH CRIMINAL!" Then, they were singing Wayward Son by Kansas while Andrew and Lauren packed a backpack. "...CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SONNNN, THERE'LL BE PEACE WHEN YOU ARE DOOOONEE, LAY YOUR WEARY HEAD TO REST, DON'T CHU CRY NO MORE." "Alex! Mira! Harry! We're ready to go!" By the time they reached the park, it was already eleven, with children of all ages running around the playground. Lauren and Andrew sat down on a bench as the children attacked a soccer ball in the grass. Eventually, other kids joined in, and they started some weird hybrid game of soccer-hockey-basketball-football. "Monkey bars!" Mira jumped up, grabbing onto the bar with ease before making her way across the bars to the ladder on the other side. Harry tried too, but he fell off. "Ow! I'm okay!" In a mansion not far away, a blond boy sat all alone. Surrounded by his "friends."
So! I've decided to write diary entries for the characters! (These will appear occasionally...) All grammar and spelling mistakes are intentional. They are usually very short. There's a poll on my profile for what houses Mira and Harry should be in. Mira searched through her desk, opening all of the drawers and shuffling things around until she found what she was looking for, holding up the little book victoriously. She opened it to the bookmark and turned to the next page. Dear Diary, Mira began, deciding to use a green colored pencil today. She put the end of her pencil in her mouth, tilting her head to the side. Today was AWESOME! Harry and Alex and mom and dad and I went to the park. Did you know that a person who takes care of a chicken is a chicken tender? She paused again. We sang some songs before we went. Anyway, when we were at the park we got a BUNCH of soccer balls and basketballs and handballs. It was really fun, She put her colored pencil down. What were the rules again? but I don't remember the rules. I really should write that stuff down. Then we went to the monkey bars, but Harry fell off. He's okay though, don't worry. -Mira She closed it quietly, putting it back in the bottom drawer of her desk. Tiptoeing carefully back to her bed, she pulled the covers up to her chin and fell back asleep.
Alex woke to the sound of footsteps. He looked over at his clock, blinking blearily and rubbing at his eyes until he could see clearly. 1 AM He got up, letting his blankets slip onto the floor, before carefully making his way to his door. He opened it, peeking his head out into the empty hallway, his eyes immediately focusing on Mira's door, which had a small stream of light coming out from under it. She's writing in her diary again. He knew that whenever Mira woke up she wrote in her diary before trying and failing to fall asleep and then going downstairs for water. He shut his door behind him with a quiet squeak, slowly walking down the stairs, into the kitchen, and to the cabinet. Alex grabbed a cup and filled it with cold water, Mira hated warm water. Shuffling over to the table, he set the cup down and headed back upstairs. He'd know when she came back. Mira scowled, looking at the ceiling. She was thirsty! She fumbled around with her blanket until she could angle herself toward the clock. 1:10 AM Tiptoeing down the stairs like her brother, she went over to the table and chugged the entire cup of water sitting there before taking a water bottle from the fridge up with her. She learned not to question how these things happened. Back in her room, she put the water down and flopped onto her bed, not bothering to pull up her blankets. Alex knew when Mira left and came back. After a few minutes of silence, he checked the clock again. 1:30 AM Alex opened his door and walked to Mira's room. He knew she never bothered with her blankets after going downstairs. He took in the scene in front of him. Mira haphazardly laying halfway on the bed and halfway on the floor, her blankets almost entirely ripped out of their place on the other. He picked up Mira with some difficulty, dropping her back in the center, before dealing with the blankets. He pulled them out completely, before tucking them in layer by layer. Stepping back, he checked his work before ruffling his little sister's hair and leaving, pausing for a final glance in the doorway. Harry looked at his clock blearily, waving his hand around blindly until he found his glasses. The light of his digital clock lit up the room, making everything visible. It was like looking at everything in a darkened black-and-white photo. 4 AM He shuffled out of his room, pausing in the hallway to look to his left at Mira's door, then his right at Alex's. He smiled, laughing at himself internally, before walking back to his room and falling asleep. He loved his family.
Mira, Alex, and Harry all woke up at the same time, charging at full speed out of their rooms and straight into each other's paths. Harry tripped over Mira's leg, Alex knocked Mira over as he fell, and they ended up in one huge pile. "Hey!" "What the-?" Alex was cut off when he heard his parents snickering behind them. "Not. A. Word." After that little fiasco, they were finally seated, eating their breakfast. Mira, Alex, and Harry bumped their orange juice glasses together before digging in. Mira shoved an entire mini waffle in her mouth, half of it sticking out. Alex had already finished his cereal and was now holding his bowl up in the air, drinking the remaining milk. "Mira! Chew your food! Alex! Use a spoon!" Mira, Alex, and Harry looked defiantly at Lauren, before chugging their orange juice at the same time, their eyes never leaving her face. Andrew laughed at their antics, picking up his coffee cup and taking a sip. Lauren sighed into her tea. Harry and Mira were sitting on the floor of her room, drawing pictures in last page of their notebooks. "Look! I drew you!" Mira proudly held up her notebook, displaying an adorable picture of a messy black-haired boy with green eyes. "Cool! I drew you too!" Harry did the same as Mira, holding up a picture of a redheaded girl. The colors were added straight over the sketch without removing the construction lines. "Awesome!" "Can we work on a picture together?" Harry asked, holding up a big piece of paper and colored pencils. "Sure!" Three hours and a broken pencil later, Mira and Harry happily rushed down the stairs, holding their finished product. Their footsteps almost shook the house. "Dad! Mom! Moooooom!" Lauren and Andrew rushed in from different parts of the house. "WHERE'S THE FIRE? WH-" "We drew you guys!" Mira held up the paper, showing a picture of Lauren and Andrew together. "It's beautiful! We-" "You made my nose too small. And my hair isn't that long." "ANDREW!" Andrew groaned, lying face down on the couch he would be sleeping on for the next few days. Note to self, never insult the children's' artwork. Never. Ever.
Harry ran through the playground, frantically looking for Mira or at least a place to hide. He ran face-first into someone and mumbled an apology before scampering off. He couldn't let Dudley catch him. He looked behind him, Dudley was still there and going fast. Harry's eyes widened in shock when Dudley lunged forward to catch him, and he felt a strange feeling before he stumbled. Looking around fearfully, he realized he was on the roof. With no way to get down. "Mira! Where's Harry?" "I don't know! He was supposed to be here!" The sounds of angry yells reached their ears. "WHERE'D HE GO?!" Dudley yelled. "Hey! What'd you do to Harry? Where is he?" "That's what I want to know!" "There!" The crowd's eyes followed Alex's finger. "Harry! Harry, we'll get you down!" Mira looked at the school for a minute, then seemed to come to a decision as she ran toward it. She went around to the side, where the exterior plumbing was. She jumped up, using both hands to grab onto a pipe as she swung her feet up onto another. Like a spider, she climbed the side of the building. Reaching the fenced-off roof, she stopped for a moment to catch her breath. She carefully placed her feet on the edge of the roof, pulling herself over the fence. She was careful not to let her skirt get caught on it, she really hated uniforms. "Andy!" Harry hugged her, checking her over for injuries. "Harry, I'm okay! Let's get down!" Alex gaped as his sister climbed the school. What was she thinking? Alex internally sighed, there was no way he would be able to talk her out of this. It's my responsibility as her big brother. He did the obvious. He chased after her. Harry heard Mira yelling over the crowds of people gathered where he once stood. Mira was climbing onto the roof of the school! Alex had a bit of a harder time getting to the roof. Due to his height, he had to hunch over so his head wouldn't hit any pipes. He learned that the hard way. "Mira! Harry!" Alex's breathless yell broke through the silence that had descended upon the students and staff. "Mira, you're an idiot! You could've just asked one of the teachers to unlock the door to the stairs." "I know, I know..." "They WHAT?!" "Lauren, please calm down!" "DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN!" "Laurie, please!" "They could've fallen and died!" "I know! But they're okay! No one was hurt!" Lauren ran at full-speed to go and pick up her children from school. "Oh, my babies!" Lauren cried as she ran over to embrace her children, "Don't you ever do that again! My poor heart can't take it!" "Okay, okay, mom, geez..." "We're fine!" Unlike Mira and Alex, Harry didn't protest. He just buried himself further into Lauren's arms. Lauren's expression softened after a minute of cradling the three children. She'd let it go this time. Nobody had really spent time wondering how Harry got on the roof until now. It shouldn't have been possible. But it reminded Mira and Alex of a certain incident a few years ago... It was Mira's fifth birthday and she was playing in the sand at the park with Alex. They both had little toy trucks they were dragging over the small sandhills. Just then, another boy ran by. "I want the truck!" He yelled, grabbing the toys from Alex and Mira's hands. Mira, with her fiery temper, wanted to throw sand at him. A bucket flew from the hands of a nearby toddler and scooped up a bunch of sand, throwing it all in the boy's face. "What have you done to my son?!" The boy's mother shrieked, standing up from her spot on a green bench and marching over. Lauren ran over to see what was going on. "Mommy! I didn't do anything!" Mira yelled, "The bucket did it by itself!" "M-" The woman from before interrupted Lauren, "Stop lying to me!" and raised her hand to smack Mira. Alex, seeing what the woman was about to do, yelled angrily. A set of plastic shovels started hitting the woman in the face. "You-!" Lauren and Andrew dragged their children away.
It was the day before Alex's birthday. "Harry! Alex's birthday party is tomorrow!" Mira had run up to Harry at recess, holding out an invitation. "Wanna come?" "Sure!" It was Alex's birthday, June 28th. Mira, Harry, and all of Alex's friends were gathered around a table. "Happy birthday to you!" "Happy birthday to you!" "Happy birthday dear Alex..." "Happy birthday to you!" Alex blew out the eleven candles on his cake. "Happy birthday to me!" Everyone was eating cake, conversation floating through the air. "Harry! Meet my friends, Nico and Alya!" "Hi." Alya put her hands on both sides of her faces and cooed at Harry, who was hiding behind Mira and Alex, peeking out over their shoulders. Nico held Alya back to keep her from smothering Harry, who sunk back farther behind the siblings. "I'm Nico," the boy gestured to himself and then the girl next to him, "and this is Alya." Alya ignored them all and went to hug Harry. "He's so cute!" I can't see! Harry thought as he struggled. "Alya! Leave him alone." "No." A sigh, then Harry was able to breathe again. When Alex and Mira were relaxing on the couch, an owl landed on their windowsill, tapping the glass with its foot. When Lauren opened it, the owl flew around the room and perched on the couch's armrest, holding out its foot to Alex. A letter. Mira looked curiously from her side of the couch at Alex, lifting her head from where it had been resting on a pillow. "What does it say?" Alex's eyes skimmed over the letter. He blinked in confusion and looked again. "I'm going to some school called 'Hogwarts.'" Lauren and Andrew looked at each other, then back to their children. They had some explaining to do. "So what you're saying is, I'm a wizard?" "Yes, you are a wizard." The jaws of all three children in the room dropped. "Andrew, this is all new to them. Give them a moment." "Fine." July 1st, Mira's birthday. It was almost a repeat of Alex's birthday, everything was almost the same. After the party, an owl swooped in through the open window. Mira read the letter aloud. It was similar to Alex's. "So we're both going? What about Harry?!" "I'm sure he will be fine." July 31st, the entire Roux family went all out, decorating the entire house in bright colors, even the bathrooms. "...Happy birthday, dear Harry... happy birthday to you!" Harry blew out his candles, and slices of chocolate cake were given to everyone. When Harry checked the mail that day after the party, he saw a letter addressed to himself. He stuck it in his pocket and ran upstairs the second he could. He knew it was the same one that Alex and Mira got, and he couldn't wait to go to Hogwarts with them. Apparently they were supposed to go to some place called "Diagon Alley" to get their supplies. Mira, Alex, and Harry followed Lauren and Andrew through the shops. They were zoned out for most of it. The only times they paid any attention to what they were getting was when they bought their wands and their robes. Other than that, their eyes roamed around, looking everywhere. They saw an old man at a counter, who gave them a... stick? They went into some shop called "Madam Malkin's" where a woman started measuring them. Weird. Anyway, while they were zoned out, some blond boy started talking. None of them really remembered much, other than this boy's name was "Draco Malfoy." Harry thought he was spoiled, he sounded like Dudley. Mira disagreed, she didn't want to jump to conclusions, and Alex just didn't care. At another store, they saw cages with animals, owls and cats and all sorts of things. A snowy white owl flew down from its perch, landing on Harry's shoulder, just as two black snakes and a cat started hissing for their attention. :A ssssspeaker approachessss: Harry jumped at the noise, Mira did too. "Mom! Mom, that snake just spoke!" Mira yelled, pointing at the cages. Deafening silence. "Can we get it?" Mira and Harry asked after a moment of admiring the reptiles. Upon closer inspection, the snakes were actually blue, and their color had been mistaken due to the startling difference in the amount of light compared to outside. "Mom, I want the cat!" Alex ran over to where the cats were. The store owner stopped him. "That one has been bought and returned many times... be careful." The white cat- no kitten, it could've lain comfortably on Alex's hand- stumbled up to Alex and rubbed its head against his leg. "Take my money and give me the goddamn cat." Alex paid, and Harry looked between the owl and the snake. "Auntie Lauren? Can I get both of them?" "Two pets is a huge responsibility, are you sure?" "I want a snake too! Our snakes will be best snake-friends for life!" The snakes looked at eachother. :We're already friendsssss, idiotsss.: They said, curling up around their future owners' shoulders. The owl hooted in dismay. :Leave the ssspeakerssss alone, owl: The second the three children could drag themselves and their new pets onto the couch, they were out like a light. Lauren pulled a blanket over them, before leaving to go cook dinner. She'd wake them up later.
September 1st, 10:30 AM Mira, Alex, and Harry arrived at the station with Andrew and Lauren. The Dursleys had died in a fire, and the Rouxes had fought for custody. Now, Harry James Potter was Harry James Potter Roux. "So we just run through the wall?" Harry asked, looking up from a piece of paper with written instructions. "I think so." The three adjusted their grip on their luggage, rearranging their pets. Winter meowed stubbornly and refused to move from Alex's hand to his shoulder, while Harry and Mira's snakes, Venin and Scala wrapped themselves around their shoulders to leave their hands free. Harry's owl, Hedwig, hooted from her cage. "Let's go! To infinity and beyond! It's already 10:40!" "Stop it with the Toy Story quotes. We're almost there." A lot of awkward shoving and bumping, they were finally through the crowd and where they needed to be. The wall between platforms 9 and 10. "If they wanted to make a station between them, they should've put it in the middle..." "Top 10 Times Designers Absolutely Failed At Their Jobs!" They laughed as they approached the wall before looking around and jumping through. Their parents went through after them and promptly began fussing over them, looking at them, tilting their heads in all directions, doing their hair... "Mum! We're gonna be late!" Mira said as she looked at her watch. 10:50 AM "Alright, write to us every day! No exceptions!" "Kay, kay, let's go!" They boarded The Hogwarts Express, walking down the aisles searching for a compartment. They looked around the back, which was filled with taller students wearing green ties. They felt themselves being glared at. Hogwarts Lesson One: Avoid big green people. They shuffled around, passing groups of students wearing yellow and blue. They eventually realized that, like them, the youngest students didn't have any colors. Were they some sort of team colors that they'd get later? They couldn't find any empty compartments away from the green people, so they went to the back. Ignoring the looks pointed straight at them, the settled down in an empty compartment and put their luggage away. They decided, why the heck not? Let's do some studying! Mira cracked open a book about potions. Potions For Idiots, Volume 1 Well, at least their teacher had some tiny sense of humor. Even if it was offensive. She read it for a few minutes before getting bored. "Harry, whatcha doin?" Harry checked the cover of the book he was reading, "Transfiguration. It sounds pretty cool." "Lemme see!" Mira leaned over to get a better look at the book Harry was reading. After a few minutes of reading, Mira spoke. "So basically I just point my wand at something and now it's something else?" "Yeah." Alex continued reading his herbology book. A while later, they arrived at Hogwarts. They got off the Hogwarts Express, and went to a tall man who was calling all of the "first years." The man said his name was Hagrid, before telling them to get in a boat. They saw a flash of light blond hair to their left as their sailed to the castle. Alex carefully schooled his expression to become neutural. Mira looked around curiously, and Harry's jaw dropped. This place was huge! An old woman, who told them her name was Minerva McGonnagal, gave them a boring speech. "Blah, blah, Slytherin... blah blah... Hufflepuff, blah blah... Gryffindor... blah blah..." Mira and Harry hadn't realized that they had fallen asleep until Alex nudged them awake. "We're getting sorted." Alex whispered. An old hat sat on a stool. Mira and Harry zoned out for the entire first part of it, except for when Draco was called. "Malfoy, Draco." The woman from before said. "SLYTHERIN!" The hat yelled before it even touched the boy's head. Eventually, the names reached Potter. "Potter, Harry." Whispers broke out in the hall. Harry stood up unsteadily. "Um... Excuse me, but it's Roux now, actually..." The whispers grew louder as Harry awkwardly approached the stool, and abruptly screeched to a halt when he sat. He could feel hundreds of eyes on him. The hat fell over his eyes, and he could not see the crowds anymore. Interesting... What the heck? Shut it and lemme do my job. So like... do we just talk or something? No, I go through your memories and thoughts, duh. You're a lot less... Formal than you thought? A few thousand years as a hat will do that to you. Ouch. Sounds boring. Finally someone understands! Anyway, Slytherin or Gryffindor? So what'll it be? Actually... I wasn't paying attention earlier. So what are we being sorted into? Your house. It's like a group you'll be in for the seven years of your education based on your personality. This is like one of those online personality tests Mira showed me except you don't get to choose your answers... So? Anything is fine really. Whatever you think is best. Well...better be... "SLYTHERIN!" The whispers were almost yells now. People stole glances at him. He walked over to the Slytherin table, eyes following him the entire way. The blond boy looked at him as if he was an unsolved puzzle. Harry sat as far away from him as possible. "Roux, Alex!" He saw Alex stand up. He hoped that Alex wouldn't get a big reaction like him. Can we get this over with? Oh, come on! I haven't had one like you in years! You could go anywhere! All the possibilities! You could finally help unite all of the houses with that Harry boy so I can quit my job! You have no homework. You just sit on a person's head and yell out a word. Yeha, but all of the thinking I have to do! You'd get bored of it. And I have nothing to do for 364 days a year. And I don't get paid. Okay your job sucks. Anyway! What'll it be? Gryffindor. Because red and gold are my favorite colors. You better make some house unity ASAP! "GRYFFINDOR!" Alex sat down at the table decorated in red and gold. "Roux, Mira!" Mira stood, sending a look to them. No matter what happens, we're still family. They nodded. Mira sat on the wobbly stool, and felt the hat go over her eyes. Doesn't anybody ever wash you?! No! Never! It's TERRIBLE! And unsanitary. I'll make sure Dumbledore gets you cleaned up, or I will break into his office and do it myself! Thank you! Anyway, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, or Slytherin? Slytherin! Alex can take care of himself. Harry will get lonely and will probably be judged, based on everyone's reactions, and my favorite colors are green and silver! Same reasons as your brother. Make some house unity for me while you're there, girl! How do you even know how to speak normally? I've gone through the heads of more students than I care to count. You learn some things. Alright then! I'll talk to you later if I can! Good! No one ever visits little old me! "SLYTHERIN!" Mira took the hat off before McGonnagal did, smiling brightly at Harry. She made space for herself next to Harry. "We're in the same house!" Harry said. "Damn right we are! That Sorting Hat needs a bath!" Mira turned around and saluted Alex from across the hall, who did the same. Devilish smiles spread across their faces. Hogwarts wasn't gonna know what hit 'em!
A feast appeared in front of them as the last person to be sorted, a boy, sat up from the stool. They had never seen so much food in their lives. They loaded their plates and ate like there was no tomorrow (though Mira and Harry held back a little, they were surrounded by a bunch of kids with manners that were as automatic as breathing.) They left the feast feeling fuller than they had ever been in their lives. They would need a lot of exercise to burn that off. Harry and Mira followed the prefects down to the dungeons and the Slytherin common room when a man with longish black hair appeared. He didn't seem to like Harry very much. Translation: He looked like he wanted to chop Harry into little pieces, set him on fire, and feed him to a mountain goat. Anyway, boring speech later, the prefects were telling them who slept where and all that. Mira and Harry waved at each other before walking in different directions. As they walked, they looked around. The common room was cold, with dark couches scattered throughout the room. Multiple fireplaces kept the room at a bearable temperature, while large windows showed the lake, giving the room a cool glow. There were dark wooden tables here and there, but other than that, the room felt sad and empty. They looked away and hurried to their rooms, never seeing the pair of eyes lurking in the dark... Mira picked the bed farthest from the door, near the windows that let in some small amounts of moonlight filtered through the water outside. Mira took a shower and changed into her pajamas, slipping under the heavy blankets. She tried to sleep. Harry also picked the bed farthest from the door. He opened his journal. It was NOT a diary. We're at Hogwarts now and I was sorted into Slytherin with Mira, but Alex's in Gryffindor. I'm not really sure if I'm right, but Slytherins and Gryffindors don't seem to get along very much. I don't have much else to say. ~Harry, 1 AM, Hogwarts Mira couldn't sleep. She tossed and turned for hours. Eventually, she got bored and opened up her diary. Dear diary, I'm at Hogwarts! Harry and I have been sorted into Slytherin, Alex is in Gryffindor. The Sorting Hat wants us to create "house unity" so I assume there's some huge rivalry between houses here. We've got all of our stuff from Diagon Alley, including our pets. Harry and I have pet snakes, Venin and Scala. Harry has an owl named Hedwig and Alex has a cat named Winter. I'm really glad I brought some pencils and pens with me, we have to write with quills here! What is this, the middle ages? Anyway, it's- Mira checked her watch. 2 AM -2 AM and we have to go to classes tomorrow. Bye! ~Miranda Loraine Roux, 2 AM, Hogwarts Alex stared at the ceiling. He slipped off his blankets and shuffled over to his trunk, pulling out his journal. It wasn't like he had anything else to do. We're at Hogwarts. I'm in Gryffindor, Harry and Mira are in Slytherin. We went to Diagon alley, I got Winter there (my cat.) She's adorable, but don't let Mira know I said that. I have a phone, Mira and Harry do too, but they're pretty much useless here. Except for games and music. We don't have places to charge them though. So, our parents have set up this little thing. We have four of those portable charging banks, and we use Harry's owl to send our used up ones home while our parents send some charged up ones back with her. There's still no wifi. Did you know that they have a talking hat that sorts people? that's pretty darn cool. ~Alexander Roux, 3 AM, Hogwarts Mira couldn't do it anymore. She couldn't pretend to be asleep like she had been for hours. She checked her watch. 5 AM Eh, it's late enough. She trudged down the stairs, rubbing her eyes. Plopping down on a couch, she stretched her arms, yawning. Harry checked his watch. 5 AM He stumbled down the stairs and flopped down on a couch by the fireplace. Alex looked at the small clock he always kept with him. 5 AM Alex walked down the stairs like a zombie and faceplanted on the last one. He used his arms to drag himself onto a nearby couch. "Ow!" Mira felt something land on her. "What-" Harry felt something pulling on his leg. Alex dragged himself on the couch. "Oh. Good morning." The other two blinked at him before bursting into fits of uncontrollable laughter. That was immediately interrupted when they realized something. Alex was in the wrong common room. "What do we do?" Alex asked frantically, looking at his surroundings. "I'm still in my pajamas! And it's already morning! People will start coming down soon..." He blinked hard. Nope. Still green. Not a speck of red in sight. "You can wear Harry's stuff!" Mira declared proudly. "That doesn't fit on me." "No need to be salty! We can sneak into the first-year boys' dorms and steal their clothes!" "No. That's theft." "Then you can wear the oversized stuff that I always get in emergencies?" "You should've said that earlier." Alex marched up the stairs to the first-year Slytherin girls' dorms. Mira was behind him, and they reached for the door handle... To have the door open without any of them touching it. A girl was standing behind it. "Hi?" The girl glared at them. "So," she said, interrupting their sounds of protest, "your Gryffindor brother somehow woke up in the Slytherin dorms and can't get his things from Gryffindor tower. So you decided to let him use your stuff. When you're literally a foot shorter than him." "...That sounds about right. We always keep stuff in each other's sizes." The girl didn't look impressed. "Righhhttt... But I'll be helpful. Because Slytherins stick together."
The Slytherin girl helped make sure no one noticed them entering and leaving the dorm. A boy was suspicious, but a Gryffindor boy was almost enough to sound the nonexistent Slytherin alarm. Anyway, with Alex in Mira's extras, they were ready to go. Or at least they thought they were. As they were leaving, the girl stopped them. "What are you doing? Only one of you is dressed! Did you even brush your teeth?" Oops. Good thing Harry had an extra toothbrush for Alex. Mira split off to go to the girls' bathroom while Alex and Harry went to the boys'. They all brushed their teeth, Alex using Harrys extra toothbrush, Harry and Mira got dressed, now the question was; how do we get Alex out? They had already taken a long time, it was 6:30 AM and some of the early risers were already waking up. The three Slytherins split up and searched around the common room to see if there was some sort of portal from Gryffindor to Slytherin. "Wait... you must've come here after you woke up, unless you literally were sleeping in some Slytherin boy's bed." "Mira... please don't make me think about that. "I ship it." "You don't even know who they are!" Since Alex's robes had Slytherin on them though, they were pretty safe about house rivalries. But how to explain a mysterious boy appearing in Slytherin? Simple: Don't. Just ninja your way out. Mira and Harry went to distract the other Slytherins, Harry's sudden (un)popularity coming in handy. Once he was out the door, his siblings made a bullsh- um, excuse me, USELESS excuse to leave. The three arrived outside the Great Hall breathless and laughing, the Slytherin girl came a few minutes later. "Hey," Mira said, "thanks for helping out back there." The girl stood frozen as they walked away. The group walked to the Gryffindor table. To everyone's loud protests. Mira and Harry smirked and gave Alex a side hug before leaving, waving at him from across the hall as they sat down. Gryffindors started complaining even louder when Alex sat down. "What? I got sorted into Gryffindor, I'm gonna sit at the Gryffindor table. And even if I was Slytherin, there's no rule saying I can't sit here anyway." "You're a snake! We can see your robes clearly!" "For your information, these are borrowed. I couldn't find my robes so my friend lent me some. Maybe you'd know what that was like if you didn't jump to conclusions so easily." Shock. Alex smiled smugly and started eating his pancakes. Breakfast ended and there was a break before classes at 9. Alex put all of his books in his bag and changed into his Gryffindor robes, putting the others away. He re-checked his bag to make sure he had everything. Charms? Check. Potions? Check. History of Magic? Check. Care of Magical Creatures? Check. Herbology? Check. He checked his clock as he ran down the corridors to Charms. At least he'd get a chance to burn off all that he ate at the feast. Mira shoved all of her books in her bag, making sure to take a quick look at each one to make sure she had them all. Charms... Potions... History... Herbology... Care... Done! She tied her hair back if she was guessing correcting it would be a bad idea to let it get near her potions. Mira, Alex, and Harry met on the way to their different classes. Mira quickly tied Alex's hair in a low ponytail, which had grown out over the summer and was now shoulder-length. They said their goodbyes and left. "One of the wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation. What? The ability to make objects fly!" Everyone was staring at the small man on the pile of books. "Now, do you have your feathers?" Many students nodded, while some others picked up the large feathers on their desks. "Good. Now, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing! The swish and flick!" He did the movement with his wand. "Everyone?" The entire class grabbed their wands. "Swish and flick!" the tiny professor repeated, the children copied him. "And enunciate! Wingardium Leviosa! Off you go then!" People picked up their wands, and voices all across the room started at different times, most were mumbling. Harry, Mira, and Alex were seated near each other when they saw the blond boy again. He was with two larger boys, and they were all carelessly mumbling the spell-like they didn't care about their education. A redheaded Gryffindor boy near Harry said, "Wingardium Leviosa!" But it was like he was trying to do some speech, he was exaggerating it way too much. The girl next to him started correcting him, "Stop, stop, stop." She said, reaching out a hand to get the attention of the boy, who had started shaking and waving his wand around. "You're going to take someone's eye out," Mira commented. "Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's LeviOsa, not LeviosA." "You do it then if you're so clever," the boy said, gesturing to her feather with his hand, "go on!" The girl glared at him and waved her wand. "Wingardium Leviosa." The feather floated off the desk while the boy stared. But it didn't stop. It went higher and higher and the entire class turned in their seats to see what was going on. "Oh, well done!" the professor congratulated, "See here everyone? Miss Granger has done it!" he chuckled, "Oh, splendid!" One of the boys in the row in front of Harry tried it too. "Wingard Leviosa. Wingard Leviosa." There was a bright flash, and the class jumped in shock. He had exploded his feather! The professor stumbled back slightly. "I think we're going to need another feather over here, professor," Harry whispered. The burning feather slowly floated back down to the desk while the brown-haired boy, covered in soot with his hair frizzing everywhere, looked in shock. There was silence.
Good morning, noon, or night, wherever you are! So, I've decided to make some major changes to the school and how it works (this is just little explanation). First, Gryffindor and Slytherin have a bunch of classes together (house rivalries are a lot worse here, so Dumbles decided to force some house unity.) I gave Neville some confidence, there won't be as many Defense professors, Muggle technology works here. Why? I dunno, just felt like it. This story is not planned out at all, I just go with the flow. They didn't use their Charms book in class, so packing up and leaving was quick. Next Stop: Potions in the dungeons with Professor Severus Snape! The three arrived in the classroom just in time, only about a minute before the professor. He walked in and spun around dramatically. He was the man from before, who had given them a speech when they first came to Slytherin. "...Ah, yes. Harry Potter. Our new celebrity." The professor sneered. "There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class." he began. His words were barely more than a whisper, easily mistaken for a soft wind. They caught every murmured word, their attention caught by Snape without any effort on his part. "As such, I do not expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science of potion-making. However, for those of you who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses; I can tell you how to brew glory, bottle fame, and even put a stopper in death." A pause. Snape looked at Harry, who was taking notes on what he said. "Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel comfortable enough to not pay attention..." "Potter! What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" Harry had been looking forward to this class, potions sounded exciting, so he read ahead. It wasn't that the teacher disliked him, it was that the teacher absolutely hated his existence. "The Draught of Living Death, sir." Snape's eyes narrowed, "Where would you look if I told you to find a bezoar?" "The stomach of a goat, sir." "Tell me, what is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?" "Nothing, they are the same thing." "Correct." the man growled, clearly not satisfied, "The Draught of Living Death has its name due to it being an extremely powerful sleeping potion, a bezoar can be found in the stomach of a goat and will cure you of most poisons, and monkshood and wolfsbane are the same, also known as aconite." Snape looked at the other students. For some reason, even though he had answered the questions correctly, he felt like he had made an enemy. "What are you waiting for?" the professor snapped, "Write this down!" People hurried to get their quills when Mira spoke up, "Sir, you're telling us to write down what you just said. Yet, when Harry was copying down your words you assumed that he wasn't paying attention." Alex continued for her, "That's very hypocritical of you, Professor. Shouldn't you congratulate Harry for taking notes?" Snape fumed, "10 points from Gryffindor for your cheek." "Well, professor, I spoke up too. Shouldn't you take points from both houses involved? Is it just because Slytherin is the house of His Holy Greasiness?" Laughter erupted from everyone in the class, even the Slytherins. "...10 points from Slytherin," Snape growled. Alex, Mira, and Harry nodded with matching self-satisfied smirks on their faces. The rest of the class continued in silence. Mira and Harry headed to Herbology, waving goodbye to Alex as they did so. They never noticed the figure hidden around the corner. Alex rushed to History of Magic, bursting through the double doors dramatically before running to his seat, the man sitting on a stool never stopping his little speech about goblins. He sat down, looking around to check if he was noticed, before seeing that half of the class was almost asleep. What? Alex nudged the nearest awake person he could see, a redheaded Gryffindor. "Hey," he whispered, "why's everyone tired?" "The teacher is just the most boring in existence." The bushy-haired girl next to him shushed him, "He's still a professor! If you listened you might learn something." "He's a ghost!" Alex cut in before anything happened, "Look, I'm just wondering, why is there a ghost teaching?" "I dunno. History is great for power naps." "Ron!" Oh. His name was Ron. "Nice job in Charms, by the way. You were the first one to get the spell right." The girl smiled, "Thank you. It was simple really..." He listened to her long, detailed explanation until the end of class, smiling as they left together. The ghost continued his monologue. "ALEXXXX!" Mira yelled as she and Harry tackled Alex, who had been speaking with other Gryffindor boys. They landed, Alex laying face down on the floor while Mira and Harry sat on his back. "...can't breathe-!" "Fine, fine, we'll get off..." Mira slid off his back, grumbling. The Gryffindor boys looked ready to kill. "Why'd you do that?!" one shouted. "Why do you ask? It's not like it's your business." The boys looked angrier, but a shyer one in the back said, "She's not worth it, guys. She's just a.. slimy snake." The group nodded in agreement and left, the shy boy stayed. "Sorry, they wouldn't have left you alone otherwise..." "Hey, it's cool," Alex made an attempt to be comforting, "it's harder to stand up to your friends than your enemies." The boy's expression exploded in such a violent show of happiness that they were afraid that he was going to spontaneously combust. "I'm Neville! Neville Longbottom," he said, sticking out a hand. Harry shook it. "We're-" "Harry-" "Mira-" "and Alex-" Neville laughed, shaking his head, "I know a set of twins who do exactly the same thing." "The Weasley twins?" "Yeah." Mira looked at her watch, "It's lunchtime already." "FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!" "Boys..." At least Neville waited for her.
