Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and all recognisable characters and aspects of the magical world are the property of J.K Rowling . This story is for creative purposes only and I do not receive any benefits or profits for the creation of this work. Hello! This is my first time writing fanfiction, and though I have been an avid fan of Harry Potter fanfiction for years; I have have only recently decided to contribute to the amazing fandom that is Dramione. I hope that I do my favourite pairing justice. Please bare in mind that I am not a professional author, and while constructive criticism is appreciated, I am merely trying to practice my love for writing and story telling. This story can be found on AO3 under the same title. If you have already been following my updates on the AO3 site this week; the next update will be out shortly - this is merely an up-post of the current chapters to the FF site. Please be aware that this is a Mature rated story and that there will be elements of violence and explicit scenes as the story progresses. Younger readers are strongly disadvised from continuing. Weekly updates for this story are on Tuesdays and Fridays. Thank you for giving my fanfic a chance! Marshmallow. :) Hermione Granger sat at her small desk, laden with a mountain of paperwork. She had been sorting through every law of the British magical community for nearly six months now. There were copious laws – laws which were equally old and ridiculous; written centuries before and yet, were still in effect today. With a resigned sigh, she continued to read through one of the many folders before her. This particular folder, which had first caught her attention last week; contained the aggravating and detailed history of the Muggleborn Restriction Act. The disbandment and amendments of these archaic laws was proving to be exceedingly difficult. Hermione would have to work tirelessly throughout the next few weeks; ensuring that there were no obscure loopholes for the Wizangamot to deny her appeal once again. Every law amendment she brought before the Wizangamot, was met with a practiced dismissal from those who thought the system neither needed to be questioned nor changed. Many political departments still lived in fear of the ever imposing, pureblood familial hierarchy that had unfortunately remained intact after the war. Money and status obviously never lost their influence. With a quick glare at the corner of her office, to where the growing pile of her previously rejected appeals was stacked up mockingly high; Hermione huffed and sat up straighter. She would just have to find a way to sway the majority seats at the next Wizangamot appeal. It was true that after the war, despite her age and heritage; the Ministry had given her considerable merit and distinction within the department of her choice. Hermione, however, was simply not content with the pace at which progress was made within the Department of Magical law Enforcement. At the current rate, she would be regarded as successful if merely one of her proposed law amendments was approved within the year. The start of a new week and the revision of another ridiculous law had begun. Hermione was not in a cheerful mood. The morning hours ticked by slowly as Hermione tediously made notes and referenced the various sources of evidence that she would need to support her appeal. It was already nearing noon when Hermione's concentration was disrupted by a sharp knock on her office door. "Yes?" she called out; not bothering to look up from the page she was currently reading. The door cracked open and Marissa, Hermione's assistant; nervously poked her head through. "You, um. There's a ... um – Lady Malfoy is here to see you, Miss Granger." She uttered; stumbling over the words quickly in her flustered state. Hermione felt the colour drain from her face as she glanced up towards Marissa in shock. The Malfoy's hadn't interfered within the Ministry in years - whatever the reason for Lady Malfoy's visit; Hermione knew that it couldn't be good. "What?" she gaped. "Tell her – ah, no … please kindly explain to Lady Malfoy that I have no time for complaints today. She will have to make an appointment with the Department for Regulation of Magical Creatures. Although I helped create the House Elf Regulation Act; I no longer work there and cannot be of assistance." Marissa nodded before ducking back out to inform Lady Malfoy. Barely a few moments had passed before Marissa once again knocked on the door and entered the small office - looking positively more flustered than before. "Lady Malfoy insists." She all but squeaked. Now irritated, Hermione's eyes narrowed perceptively. This same, pretentious behaviour in all the old pureblood families, was precisely the reason she was having so many difficulties trying to convince the magical community to change for the obvious betterment of all. "Very well." She answered calmly. "Send Lady Malfoy in." Looking relieved that she wouldn't have to deny Lady Malfoy a second time; Marissa nodded quickly and retreated to escort Hermione's new guest to her office. When the polite knock on her door sounded shortly after; Hermione braced herself as she called out for Lady Malfoy to enter. The door opened slowly, revealing the very witch that Hermione hadn't laid eyes upon in over five years. Narcissa Malfoy stood proudly within the doorframe to Hermione's office; Her aura of superiority confidently displayed for all to see. "Good afternoon, Miss Granger" Narcissa Malfoy greeted evenly; her heels clicking conspicuously as she stepped into Hermione's small office. Hermione, who had stood at Narcissa's greeting; privately acknowledged that Lady Malfoy looked very out of place within the lower levels of the DMLE. She couldn't help but gape at the immaculately groomed witch before her. Narcissa's silken black designer robes and ornate jewellery set her apart from everyone who walked the halls of the Ministry. Hermione caught Narcissa's brief look of distaste at the disarrayed state of The office, before her expression once again resumed the carefully practiced mask of indifference that Lady Malfoy usually wore in public. Stepping closer; Lady Malfoy extended her long, gloved arm out towards Hermione. "Please, do sit down. I understand that my presence was not expected." She chimed, gesturing to Hermione's chair. Hermione gritted her teeth - Only Lady Malfoy would ask someone to take a seat in their own office. Resuming her seat behind her desk once more; Hermione observed the way in which Narcissa glanced warily at the single guest chair that had been conjured for her use. Finally, being careful to sit upon only the edge of the seat; Lady Malfoy sat down hesitantly before crossing her legs daintily - probably ensuring that her expensive robes didn't crease. "Good afternoon, Lady Malfoy." Hermione clipped back finally; deciding to maintain only the necessary politeness. However, she would not be encouraging Narcissa's visit further. Narcissa's smile only faltered slightly at the realisation that Hermione would say no more to her. "You must be wondering why I have decided to visit the Ministry today?" Narcissa began. "I have come to ask for your help with a very delicate matter regarding my family, Miss Granger" She finished evenly; fixing her gaze upon Hermione's own cold stare. "The House Elf regulation laws were first enforced two years ago. I am no longer in a position to hear complaints, Lady Malfoy" Hermione admonished. "I apologise if you are here to seek immediate clarification on the matter; you'll find that the ministry rarely works efficiently at the best of times – for anyone." Narcissa narrowed her gaze at Hermione's words; yet, without falter, replied with a politeness that Hermione could only be impressed by. "Thank you for your – concern, Miss Granger. However, I am here on a much more personal matter. I have no complaints with the Ministry, today." "You're not here to contest against the House Elf regulations?" Hermione checked, taken aback by Narcissa's admission. Narcissa continued the conversation politely once more. "I understand you have received much animosity in the past few years from my...acquaintances." Hermione barely contained her laughter at Lady Malfoy's choice of words. It was true that she had received numerous Howlers and aggravated visits by many who had been deemed unfit to continue their ownership of House elves after the regulation had been enforced. Though, Hermione knew that Narcissa was decidedly more than mere acquaintances with the majority of the elite pureblood population within the United Kingdom and probably most of Europe too. Refusing to comment, Hermione simply waited for Narcissa to get to the point of her visit. "I understand the circumstances are unprecedented, Though, one can hardly proceed normally with such matters given your unfortunate lack of a magical family to represent you. Thus, I have simply come to proposition you yourself, Miss Granger. Speaking plainly; I intend for you to wed my son." Hermione sputtered loudly. Her thoughts had started fuming upon Narcissa's mention of her parents; however, it was Narcissa's unexpected revelation which had rendered her in an immediate state of shock. Forgetting how to breathe properly, she stared in mute horror at the woman before her. Was this a joke? One of George's indelicate attempts at a prank once again? Maybe she should check Lady Malfoy for spell damage? "What?" Hermione demanded breathily, still staring at Lady Malfoy in evident disbelief. "My son, Miss Granger." Narcissa continued, seemingly ignoring Hermione's bewildered reaction. "He needs your help – my family need your help. Of course, we shall have to discuss the details of a marriage contract accordingly. You'll find it necessary upon the consideration of the binding ritual you will need to perform." Narcissa brandished her wand, and in a single, intricate movement, produced a stack of crisp, white parchment. With another flick of her wand, the numerous folders adorning Hermione's desk neatly stacked themselves up high, before they levitated themselves towards the 'rejection' corner of the room and deposited themselves on the floor with a loud huff of paper and old dust. Hermione snapped out of her stupor at the echoing sound of her work hitting the floor. Glaring momentarily at the stack of white parchment which now solely sat on the desk before her, she looked up to meet the gaze of a very confident looking Narcissa Malfoy. "No." She replied, finding her voice at last. Narcissa Malfoy's smile dropped immediately - her posture stiffening dangerously at Hermione's cold and immediate answer. It was becoming increasingly apparent that Lady Malfoy did not handle rejection well. "No? don't be absurd girl. This is a wonderful opportunity. I understand you have neither the breeding nor background for such a contract; though, that can all be amended – mostly." She bristled, her nose turning up slightly upon the last word. "I care nothing for your son." Hermione snapped, trying to remain calm. "Naturally." Narcissa added. Levelling Hermione with another cold stare. "You will notice that the contract is a traditional Malfoy marriage proposal contract. You only need to read through it to realise that feelings hold little regard within the progression of such a noble house." Hermione gawked at Narcissa once more. Glancing back and forth between the conspicuous stack of parchment before her and Narcissa's unrevealing expression; Hermione was about to protest against the whole ordeal before realising exactly what Narcissa had said. "You said that you needed me to save your son." Narcissa's eyes were the only betrayal of emotion at Hermione's statement. "Yes." Narcissa replied in a clipped voice. "Though, I think the matter is hardly appropriate before the terms of marriage are discussed and signed. The personal lives of my family are a delicate matter amongst those with no care for our reputation." "I do not wish to marry your son, Lady Malfoy." Hermione gritted. "However, I may still be able to help him." Narcissa laughed without any trace of humour. "Surely one such as yourself should be grateful with an opportunity to marry into wealth and status? I assure you, Miss Granger. This is most definitely the only offer of this nature, which you shall ever receive." "I don't care for your money" Hermione seethed. With a scoff, Narcissa levelled Hermione with her pointed stare once more. "One would think that a mud-muggleborn like yourself would appreciate the chance to dabble in the areas of society still so distant from your … sort." It was evident to Hermione that all traces of feigned politeness were falling away. She had noticed the obvious slip in language before Narcissa had corrected herself. Lady Narcissa Malfoy was not to be refused. The Malfoy's were not to be refused. Marissa had only discovered that herself not too long ago, but Hermione couldn't care less. "My sort have access to many aspects of society, revolutionary academia and sciences which many in the wizarding world wouldn't dare to imagine were possible to exist." Hermione rebutted. Lady Malfoy merely smirked. "Such passion, such fight within you. You will do well to remember the world you have chosen to be a part of – such thoughts of muggle advancement will serve you little purpose in your Ministry work, Miss Granger." Hermione glared at Narcissa in anger. How dare she? "tut, tut." Narcissa drawled sourly. "I see that I have caught a nerve. Not so fortunate within the Ministry after all; are you, my dear?" "Your offer means nothing to me - you and your family, you have neither that which I need nor want; least of all, your son." Narcissa disregarded Hermione's words with a wave of her hand. "I may understand why such a dull girl would have little thought for opulence and comfort – though, I cannot fathom why a career orientated witch such as yourself, would pass the opportunity to wield such an influence over the Wizangamot and the circles in which its members move in. Surely, what I am offering has made its appeal at least for a moment within your mind?" Once again, Hermione was at a loss for words. It was clear that such a position would effortlessly gain her favour with many of the representatives within the Wizangamot. Such an old pureblood name would surely require those who were still prejudiced, to consider the appeal of even a muggleborn witch. "I assure you, lady Malfoy, the political influences of your family are the only favourable qualities which your offer presents." Narcissa Malfoy feigned a polite smile once more. "Indeed." "Why not ask another witch – a more suitably bred witch?" Hermione pried, her mind now reeling with all the possibilities. Surely, she could sacrifice her own happiness in life for the betterment of countless others... However, the actual prospect of marrying Malfoy seemed to halt all her thoughts of martyrdom. "I will acknowledge that I have exhausted all possibilities available. There were … a few, whom I deemed acceptable; though, some were already attached to a partner and the others' proved too weak in both character and magical proficiency to succeed with such a task." Narcissa admitted solemnly. "I fail to understand the necessity for such a prerequisite. What is it that your son needs saving from, Lady Malfoy?" Hermione asked curiously. "Have you not sought alternate guidance? Surely you do not actually want me to marry him." "Miss Granger."Narcissa paled; seemingly discomforted at having to repeatedly explain herself to a muggleborn. "I would not ask you unless you were the last option – the last chance that I had to get my son back. To restore the most Noble house of Malfoy and the last true male heir of the Ancient house of Black; I must do anything." Hermione nodded, choosing to ignore Narcissa's continuous subtle insults. She wanted more answers. "But saved from what?" "That is not for me to say. I had thought that a marriage prospect would be enough to entice your help." "But, I'm a muggleborn... Surely, you understand the complications that would arise despite your son's need." Hermione challenged. "Even if I were to agree to such a ridiculous notion for my own benefit; we would both be miserable." "My son knows the importance of furthering the Malfoy bloodline. It is true that your blood is … unfavourable. Nevertheless, the Malfoy line has been known to discreetly mix with those of lesser blood in the past for the sake of prosperity. Do you know anything of the history of the Malfoy and muggle relations before the statute of secrecy was enforced? I do believe you would find it most … interesting." Narcissa countered, still smiling politely with practiced nonchalance. "Draco willingly agreed to this?" Hermione questioned in disbelief, leaning back in her chair. This was turning out to be very complicated. "I did not realise his situation was so severe." "My son does not know that I'm here." Narcissa sighed loudly. "He has asked me to let him die." Hermione gasped. "He does not believe that he can be saved?" "He understands that there are no witches with the ability to save him, Miss Granger." "Except me, or so you would have me believe it to be thus." Hermione remarked. How ironic, she thought. The same mudblood he so enjoyed to tease, now held his life within her hands – and he didn't even know... "Your talents are not to be doubted, Miss Granger. I assure you; my proposal is not only one of great need, but is also the utmost of compliments to both your magical proficiency and perhaps some of your character." Narcissa declared, drawing Hermione out of her thoughts. "Why now?" Hermione asked; noticing Narcissa's suddenly confused expression, she pressed on. "Why go against your own beliefs at your son's expense? Considering your family's history… I find it questionable that you would only now put aside your prejudices when there is no other choice. This isn't the first time your son's life has been in danger; though I do acknowledge your part in Voldemort's defeat - why should I help you, when you have given me no other reason to believe you sincere before today." Narcissa flinched at Hermione's blunt words. "An understandable question, Miss Granger." Hermione waited, interested to hear what Narcissa would say. From experience, she knew that many of Voldemort's previous supporters held little accountability or recognition for their past actions. "I was raised to follow orders despite my own convictions. It was only when my son was threatened during the war; that I realised how important it was to protect those you loved despite what is expected of you. You are an intelligent witch, Miss Granger. Surely you must acknowledge the influence of one's upbringing?" Hermione nodded, frowning slightly. Swallowing audibly, Narcissa continued, her voice now choked with emotion. "My son, Draco – he is my one accomplishment. As a girl, I was raised with the knowledge of my only purpose being to further my own noble house and the distinguished house of my noble husband. I have taken pride in my family and in my house, for all of my life. I have fought for it when a dark wizard led me to believe it was threatened; I have betrayed for it against the same dark wizard who suddenly sought to harm it. Now, the family I knew as a young girl have all gone; The ancient house of Black is a distant memory and the noble house of Malfoy is doomed to follow. I cling to each final day with my son, knowing that I have failed my purpose many times… As a wife, as a follower, as a witch – but not as a mother, not yet. I beseech you, Miss Granger, spare my son. Spare my only boy whom so much of wizarding culture rests upon. He does not deserve the fate his parents have bestowed upon him." Hermione gaped at Lady Malfoy in awe. She had not expected such a raw outburst of emotion from the previously demure witch before her. Shifting in her seat, Hermione felt her heart stop at the thought of what she had to do. She would bet on Merlin's beard that Lady malfoy was not going to like what she was about to say either. Looking towards the now sniffling Narcissa Malfoy, Hermione made her decision. "I would like to speak to Draco."
Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter; All characters and aspects of the magical world belong to J.K Rowling. The writing of this fic is solely for non-profit, creative purposes. Thank you to everyone who has read my fic. Your interest is much appreciated and I am so excited to continue sharing this story with you. Updates are on Tuesdays and Fridays. Enjoy the new chapter! Marshmallow. :) Narcissa had left with the promise that she would be sending an owl with the appropriate details regarding Hermione's audience with Draco Malfoy. Relieved that Narcissa hadn't insisted on her immediate accompaniment to Malfoy Manor; Hermione released the breath that she had been holding since requesting to speak to Draco. Thank Merlin for Pureblood etiquette when you needed it. It had all happened so fast though. Things like this didn't just happen – they simply couldn't. It was barely plausible that Lady Malfoy had merely been within Hermione's office for less than an hour; and yet, every semblance of order and rationality within Hermione's life had suddenly descended into chaos. Hermione's head was spinning. Why had she asked to meet Malfoy? Maybe, if she owled Lady Malfoy a polite refusal regarding her new change of mind; Hermione would be able to forget the whole situation and continue as she was before – drowning in Wizangamot refusals. Groaning in defeat; Hermione sunk further into her chair. No, she couldn't back out of meeting Malfoy until she had more answers. Besides, how was she going to feel if Malfoy's obituary graced the cover of the Daily Prophet in a few months' time... She had to be able to say that she had tried… at least, that is what she told herself. Begrudgingly, Hermione had to admit that she was definitely curious as to what the hell had happened to Draco Malfoy. She had concluded that Malfoy was either under some life-threatening curse, or that he was irreversibly bound to some ancient Malfoy contract which required a skilled witch to perform some pretty complex spell-work; That would at least explain the requisite for Hermione to marry the insufferable wizard. Hermione itched to go to the library. She had never heard of someone needing to be magically bonded in order save their life - that area of magic must be particularly dark if it required such a price. Since she had first entered the wizarding world; Hermione had sought constant refuge amidst the many tomes, books and scrolls of every magical library at her disposal. Unsurprisingly, her constant need for answers and explanations regarding the complex new world she had been introduced to - had proven both gratifying and illuminating in every situation. Though, where would she start with such limited clues? This was like the 'chamber of secrets' all over again; equally mysterious and equally petrifying. Making up her mind and summoning a quill; a hastily scribbled memo was soon zooming out of Hermione's office towards the Auror department. Glaring at the ominous stack of white parchment Lady Malfoy had so kindly left on Hermione's desk; she huffed in annoyance for the countless time that afternoon. Resignedly, she picked up the Malfoy marriage proposal contract; knowing that it was probably the best place start to gain information regarding Malfoy's predicament. This was definitely not a promising day for Hermione's stress levels. She needed to speak to Harry and Ron. Walking into the Leaky Cauldron had always remained an interesting experience. The smell of freshly baked steak pies and warm Butterbeer contrasted heavily with the ever-present odour of dusty floorboards and numerous patrons. It was nearing dinnertime by the time Hermione had managed to leave the Ministry for the day. Apparating directly to the Diagon Alley apparition point; Hermione had quickly walked the short distance to meet with her two best friends. In the memo - the hasty one she had sent earlier; Hermione had simply expressed her wish to meet the both of them urgently after work, to discuss an important matter. Knowing that they would both be there before her, Hermione had plucked up her courage and entered the pub. The Leaky Cauldron was packed with both wizards and witches; all happily toasting the end of a long day over warm plates of food. With a quick scan around the crowded dining area, Hermione caught sight of Harry sitting happily at one of the tables in the far corner. Squeezing her way through the rush of patrons, Hermione reached the table just as Ron appeared. He was carrying three large Butterbeers in both hands, and with a loud plonk, he sloshed them messily down upon the table before turning and grinning widely at Hermione's arrival. "Mione!" Ron exclaimed, wrapping his arm around her cheerfully. Ron and Hermione had attempted dating throughout her return to Hogwarts after the war. Although, between Ron's Auror training, her NEWT studies and the inevitable realisation that teenage crushes rarely work out - the trepid romantic relationship between them had quickly crumbled. It had been an awkward few months for the both of them; leaving them having to constantly choose who got to meet with Harry in solitude, whilst still trying to rebuild the same friendship that the two of them had enjoyed before the romantic split. Luckily, it hadn't taken much longer for both Hermione and Ron to find a comforting normality within their new career routines and post-Hogwarts lives. Before they knew it, the three of them were the easiest of friends once more; happily stepping back into the familiarity of mutual support and comfort that their friendship had provided over the many years. "Ron! Harry!" Hermione greeted excitedly. It was always good to see them after a hard day at the Ministry. The three friends huddled together around the corner table, each grabbing one of the now sticky mugs of Butterbeer before catching one another up on the events of their day. Hermione listened happily as Ron and Harry animatedly recounted a rather humorous tale about a wizard whom they had temporarily detained earlier that afternoon. The wizard had apparently tried to sell enchanted vegetable peelers, which unfortunately seemed to turn onto the users themselves, peeling their clothes instead. Many irate witches and wizards had demanded that the wizard be detained and tried for assault. Harry and Ron had been required to transfer the case over to the Department for the Improper Use of Magic. Fortunately, however, they had still been able to enjoy the chaotic spectacle of very disheveled and hastily dressed witches and wizards clambering into the DMLE just before lunchtime. Both Ron and Harry laughed loudly at the expression on Hermione's face as they told her that the same wizard had been planning on expanding his business with a whole magical household appliance line. It seemed that every department in the Ministry had their hands full these days... A few Butterbeers later, and Hermione was practically squirming with apprehension. She knew that she would have to tell them about Narcissa's proposition soon. Already, Harry and Ron had pried for information about the 'important matter', but Hermione had simply dismissed their concerns, stating that she would rather hear about their day first. Now, she was running out of time. Lifting her wand inconspicuously, Hermione non-verbally cast a Muffliato around their table – immediately capturing both Ron and Harry's undivided attention. "Narcissa Malfoy came to see me today." Hermione stated casually, trying to focus on the half-full mug of Butterbeer before her. Ron and Harry remained silent; observing Hermione's agitated posture, they exchanged confused glances with one another. Hermione sighed deeply. The extended chaos of Narcissa's visit had officially begun. "Oh, come on Hermione." Harry spoke, breaching the silence. "When are you going to start jinxing those stiff and pompous up-to-no-goods out of your office?" "Yeah, Mione." Ron agreed. "Tell 'em you're closed for business. You don't work for the Regulation of Magical Creatures anymore – don't entertain their tantrums." Hermione smiled at their reactions. This was not the first time that they had defended her against the backlash towards the House Elf regulations. "She came to see me about Malfoy." Hermione reiterated; helplessly watching as Harry's face suddenly froze and Ron sprayed a mouthful of Butterbeer all over the table. Choking loudly and sporting a face as red as his hair, Ron bashed his chest with his fist in an attempt to alleviate the convulsions. "Honestly, Ronald." Hermione chastised, vanishing the mess with a swish of her wand. "Malfoy?" Harry asked when Ron had finally quietened. "What's up with Malfoy?" Reassuring that her Muffliato was still in place, Hermione leant forward over the table. "He's dying." She whispered dramatically. Ron and Harry both gaped in shock at Hermione's revelation. "What? Why?" they each sputtered simultaneously. "I don't know – But, I suspect it's something to do with dark magic; She mentioned it being the fault of both herself and Lucius Malfoy." Taking a breath, Hermione added. "She asked me to save him." "Why would you save that ferret?" Ron questioned. "No offense, Hermione - you're brilliant; but, why you?" Harry nodded, seemingly agreeing with Ron's line of thought. With a resigned sigh, Hermione proceeded to tell Ron and Harry all that Narcissa Malfoy had said to her that afternoon. "Come off it, Hermione - she appealed to your Gryffindor side. She knows you have a weakness for meek and endangered species. That lady Malfoy sure does earn her green and silver colours by portraying her son as a new cause for you to save." Hermione glared at Ron. "Narcissa Malfoy is a grieving mother. She is not trying to manipulate me with the thought of her son's demise." Harry smirked into his butterbeer, hiding his reaction as Ron simply laughed loudly. "She has you fooled already, Mione." "Malfoy has neither been innocent nor meek since before we've met him. There's no way that he would just step back and let some mysterious magic do him in." Harry explained. "Lady Malfoy is simply being dramatic. She's probably still traumatised from nearly losing her son and husband in the war. Of course she's going to be paranoid if there's even the slightest chance of losing her precious little boy again." "Yeah, Hermione." Ron nodded animatedly. "Malfoy's probably got every curse breaker working round the clock for him – don't worry about it." Hermione fiddled anxiously with her mug. Staring at the table with a frown; she contemplated Narcissa's tactics of persuasion. It had become clear to Hermione that when Narcissa Malfoy had realised that wealth and status wouldn't sway her; Narcissa's approach had taken a more humanitarian stance. Hermione now wondered if those had even been real tears… truthfully, she had never seen a proper pureblood lady 'lower herself' to cry in public before. Maybe she had been manipulated by a Slytherin after all. "Don't worry, Hermione - it happens to the best of us." Harry grinned at her playfully. "So, what did she say when you refused her plea and told her exactly what Malfoy could do with the pointy end of his wand?" Hermione stilled immediately; ducking her head as she nervously avoided both Harry and Ron's overly suspicious gazes. Damn their Auror training – they could read her like a book. "You did tell her no; didn't you, Hermione?" Harry looked at her pointedly. She could clearly recognise the panic settling within his expression. Hermione suddenly wished that she had never bothered going into work that morning. Maybe she could ask Harry to obliviate her? That would solve her problem about feeling guilty at seeing Malfoy's obituary in the Daily Prophet… Shaking her head in self admonishment, Hermione lifted her gaze towards the two extremely shocked faces across from her. "You said yes?!" Harry shouted, drawing the gaze of a few patrons nearby. "N-no" Hermione stuttered frantically as once again Ron began to turn red from his neck to his ears. "I told her that I would speak to Draco first." "Speak to Draco? To Draco?" Ron bristled heatedly, finally finding the ability to breathe after Hermione's previous confession. "On first name basis already Hermione? You sure do move fast these days." "Yes, Draco Malfoy – the wizard I've been asked to save" She whispered harshly, fighting back the bubbling shame. Telling Harry and Ron was becoming increasingly harder than she had expected. "You mean the git you're going to sacrifice yourself for? Catering to the whims of purebloods who see you as nothing more than a useful object at their disposal is not heroic, Hermione." "Ronald Weasley!" Hermione bristled. "I know my worth! You will remember that I haven't said yes." Ron frowned angrily, yet remained quiet as Hermione continued. "I wanted to speak to Malfoy before agreeing to save someone who probably has no business being saved anyway. I won't say yes unless I know that it's for a good cause – for a good person." Ron snorted loudly. "Malfoy, good?" "You've lost your mind, Hermione." Harry teased. "You don't honestly think that Malfoy could have changed so much only five years after the war? Just because he was too much of a coward, doesn't mean that he didn't believe in what he was set out do." Hermione took a sip of her Butterbeer. "I have to know if Narcissa is right. If he has changed, if there's a chance… don't you see how it would benefit the lives of all muggleborns in the future. The heir of the most influential and proud wizarding family marrying a muggleborn." she emphasised. Ron and Harry's eyes both widened at Hermione's admission. They hadn't thought she was actually taking Narcissa's proposition this seriously until now. "You know that Voldemort's defeat did little to change the prejudiced systems and public opinions already in place throughout wizarding Britain. This could finally change everything – everything I've been fighting for since I turned eleven." It was a painful truth that after the war had ended, many wizards and witches still retained and believed in the years of propaganda and indoctrination imposed from nearly a century of continuous darkness; firstly as a result of Grindewald, followed by Voldemort's increased manipulation for decades after. Each generation of witches and wizards had slowly been led to believe in at least some aspects, if not all, of the unfounded bias towards muggles and muggleborns in particular. Even Ron had apprehensions towards muggles. Though, tales of Harry's Aunt and Uncle probably hadn't helped in that regard, she had to admit. The ministry did what they could, but it wasn't as if they could throw everyone who disliked or feared muggleborns and muggles into Azkaban prison. Healing took time – they all knew that. Harry leant across the table, taking Hermione's hands within his own, he gave them a small squeeze in acknowledgement. She knew that they did not agree with her reasoning; However, they would still try to understand her decision none the less. "Well, Mione." Ron joked, downing the remnants of his Butterbeer. "If you are idiotic enough to actually marry the slimy git; at least remember to spend lots of his shiny galleons on our Christmas presents, yeah?" All three friends laughed heartily, grateful for the break in tension. Now Hermione simply had to wait; All would hopefully soon be revealed. "Good morning." Hermione greeted Marissa by the reception desk located just before the front of her office. "Morning, Miss Granger." Marissa replied cheerfully. At least one of them had gotten ample sleep the night before, Hermione thought. After a few more rounds of Butterbeers and numerous hilarious tales told on behalf of Harry and Ron; the three friends had said their goodbyes' and left the Leaky Cauldron to return to their respective homes. Hermione, however, couldn't sleep. After scouring through every book in her apartment that referenced curses, magical contracts and dark magic – Hermione had promptly resigned herself to a restless night of wakefulness. Her mind had proceeded to meticulously replay every detail, every word and every interaction of Narcissa Malfoy's visit. She had found nothing. Hours of pouring over various texts had left her more confused than before. Lady Malfoy herself had barely relayed enough details to narrow down the search. She was, however, quite confident that dark magic was involved. The few instances of contractual bindings rarely threatened the lives of the individuals involved – at least not before the binding took place. Of course, there were a few inhumane, yet popular, pureblood marriage contracts which stipulated harsh infidelity clauses. However, all this had little semblance to Draco's need of a magically gifted witch... Entering her Office, Hermione set about re-reading the Muggleborn Restriction Act file from the day before. The previous afternoon had proven disastrous with regards to her concentration; and today was already proving to be equally vexing. To make matters worse, the Malfoy marriage proposal contract had provided nothing of value to Hermione's questions. The contract itself had been amended to reflect both herself and Draco Abraxas Malfoy; yet everything else had merely been regurgitated clauses that were probably centuries old. To Hermione's shock, the marriage contract had indeed held nothing resembling a traditional marriage of romantic notions. The contract; which should have been called the 'Malfoy business proposal contract,' was solely designed to negotiate and ensure the most prosperous union possible between the two families involved. Gold, assets and investments took clear preference over if the couple even liked one another. The only reason Narcissa Malfoy had left the contract on Hermione's desk, as she soon discovered; was that it contained a detailed audit of every item of value within the Malfoy's possession. With disgust, Hermione had nearly closed the contract at that point – until she saw that ancient books and scrolls were considered valuable items too. She had barely contained her awe at the lists of works and rare titles held within their possession. Hermione wondered if she would ever be able to get her hands on even some of the items within the Malfoy Library… A knock on the door broke Hermione out of her wistful musings. Before she could answer, the door opened to reveal a rather flushed looking Marissa, who stood holding a seemingly extravagant, crisp white envelope out before her. Standing from her desk, Hermione reached for the letter with a nod of dismissal. Marissa had seemed at an unusual loss for words today. Lady Malfoy had definitely frightened the poor girl the day before – her once talkative assistant had now been reduced to the timid nature of a house elf at even the mere sight of a letter. Regarding the envelope before her, Hermione noticed the elegant script addressing the letter to a 'Miss Hermione Jean Granger'; turning it over, the underside revealed an intricate, black wax seal baring the Malfoy crest. "Of course, it's black." she murmured to herself. Breaking the seal, Hermione briefly admired the thick and luxurious paper between her fingers, before scanning the contents of Lady Malfoy's correspondence. Dear Miss Granger, I am most pleased to invite you into my home this evening. I trust that you shall find your visit most informative. Your presence will be expected at seven o' clock. Regards, Lady N. Black Malfoy Hermione gripped the letter tightly in her hand. Once again, Lady Malfoy had failed to extend Hermione even the most basic of courtesies. The 'invitation' was no less an invitation but rather a demand for attendance. Recovering from her irritation, Hermione startled perceptively - the realisation of what the letter meant had finally registered within her sleep deprived mind. She was going to meet with Draco Malfoy tonight! Jumping to her feet, Hermione summoned a small flask of pepper-up potion and an invigoration draught from the bottom drawer of her desk. Downing both potions consecutively, she was bounding towards the door before the effects could properly kick in. "I'm spending the day in the archives." Hermione called over her shoulder, letting Marissa know that she would be detained throughout the day. Hermione had only ten hours to research everything that the Ministry had regarding dark curses and magically binding contracts. Picking up her pace, she hastened towards the lifts with a new determination. She was not about to walk into the snake-pit unprepared.
Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. All creative rights belong to J.K Rowling, this story is purely a work of fan creative fiction and I receive no profit or benefits from this story. Thank you to everyone that has read my story so far. I had so much fun writing this chapter and I hope that you will enjoy it too. I would love to hear your thoughts regarding Draco in this chapter; Hopefully I have answered some of your questions from the last two chapters, without creating too many more. All will be revealed soon. Updates on Tuesdays and Fridays. Marshmallow. It was precisely seven o'clock when Hermione appeared at the edge of the Malfoy estate's apparition wards. Fortunately, Summer had only recently crept into Autumn and the remains of the sunset lingered in the approaching darkness. Standing before the large metal gate, Hermione hesitated. Malfoy Manor was not a sight she had ever intended to see again. The large manor loomed eerily over the vast estate; its gothic architecture, though probably once grand, now seemed ominous to Hermione's eyes. Stepping forward; the gates swung open automatically, the heavy, black metal moaning audibly with weight and age. This was it. There was no going back now. Hermione began the walk up to Malfoy Manor. An old House Elf had met Hermione at the front entrance. After leading her through the opulent entrance hall and towards a darkened passageway on the left; Hermione realised that she was being taken to the West wing of the manor– farthest away from the room where she had been tortured only a handful of years ago. At least Narcissa had decided to use some decency tonight, Hermione thought. "Mistress awaits." The house elf croaked, gesturing to an open door that led into a rather well-lit parlour. "Thank you." She said kindly as it hobbled away, muttering and grumbling under its breath. Some house elves hated her just as much as the wizards and witches who owned them, it seemed. Smiling to herself; Hermione wondered if the house elf knew Kreacher. Hermione entered the parlour with her head held high. She wasn't going to play into Narcissa's games today. Dealing with a Slytherin was like playing 'Snakes and Ladders.' Every time you thought you were winning; the snake would swallow you whole and leave you at the bottom again. The parlour was beautiful, there was no doubt about that. Every detail had been refined to complement the lighting and subtle colour scheme - which surprisingly wasn't green, but blue. Hermione could easily imagine curling up with a book on one of the luxurious antique sofas - she doubted that Narcissa had ever put her feet up on any of the furniture. Lady Malfoy sat perched on the edge of the sofa nearest to the fireplace. With hands clasped tightly in her lap, Narcissa stared blankly into the flames. "Good evening, Miss Granger." Narcissa greeted without turning around. "Lady Malfoy." Hermione replied politely. Narcissa barely resembled the same poised and elegant witch that had barged into Hermione's office barely two days prior. The once radiant glow of refinement had been replaced with an ashen pallor, framed wildly with unkept wisps of hair. Looking almost casual, she wore neither jewels nor elaborate dress-robes this evening. Narcissa Malfoy looked every bit the 'grieving mother.' The first thought Hermione had, was to call Narcissa's bluff and applaud her dedication to dramatic detail. Hermione had come prepared with copious knowledge about curses, magical contracts and dark magic. She had spent all day formulating every possible solution and was quite content with her findings. No curses, contracts or instances of dark magic had ever required a marriage or binding ceremony in order to save a wizard or witch's life. Over one thousand years of evidentiary support had reassured Hermione that Lady Malfoy was simply over-reacting and severely misinformed. Unfortunately, the confident mindset that Hermione had brandished all afternoon vanished within moments of Narcissa finally turning to acknowledge her guest. Lady Malfoy's deep, grey eyes, were now puffy and rimmed with a telltale redness. Her ever-present, fierce look of apathy, had been marred with obvious hints of distress. Narcissa had probably been crying all day. Taking a seat across from Lady Malfoy, Hermione felt a wave of terror wash over her. Draco really was dying. Narcissa really had come to her in desperation. How does one even begin to comprehend the enormity of something they never thought they would have to do? "What is it you would have me do?" Hermione asked quietly. "Miss Granger." Narcissa began warily. "I must warn you – I must ensure you understand that my son is not quite himself anymore." Hermione listened attentively, her mind spinning with Narcissa's every word as she already began deducing what could possibly be wrong with Draco Malfoy. Nodding for Narcissa to continue, Hermione waited. "I understand that Draco was never a saint." Narcissa sniffed. "However, I raised him to be proud and proper - and my son always stood obediently by these ideals; even if they are not what you would agree with - I cannot fault him for his that." This witch was a whole other level of delusional, Hermione thought. "Please, do not base your judgement on what you witness this evening, Miss Granger." Hermione had to stop from rolling her eyes. As if her opinion of Draco Malfoy was anything special to begin with? "– But, the dark curse... It's been affecting him for many years now; I'm sure you can understand what that would do to a wizard?" Narcissa revealed, leveling Hermione with a desperate expression. "Look through it, Miss Granger. My son is still there." Hermione gasped softly. A dark curse? How had Draco Malfoy received a dark curse? The possibilities were endless… This was good news though! Dark curses were reversible. If anyone could find a solution, Hermione could. Maybe, Narcissa hadn't wasted her efforts approaching her after all. Of course, dark curses were extremely complex and varied greatly upon the strength of the caster. After spending almost a year camping with a Horcrux and memorising the darkest of spell books' during the war; Hermione was fairly confident that she would be able to help. "Why is Draco cursed?" Hermione asked softly. Narcissa stilled perceptively. "I've already said too much... Forgive me, Miss Granger - it is not my place to reveal anymore than I already have." Hermione nodded thoughtfully. She had suspected that Narcissa wouldn't reveal anything more of consequence to her. So be it, she decided. "I would like to talk to Draco now, please." "Remember what I told you, Miss Granger." Narcissa reminded her coldly. "My son is not himself right now; Do not let him sway you - I know that there is hope in him yet." Hermione followed obediently while listening to Lady Malfoy. However, it seemed to Hermione that Narcissa was actually trying to persuade herself about the nature of her son; rather than convince Hermione. They had been winding down so many endless passageways and turning so many corners; that Hermione could barely keep up with which part of the manor they were in right now. Unfortunately, the news of Hermione's blood-status had obviously spread throughout the manor. All the portraits adorning walls, had awakened with immediate vigor. Stunned at the sight of a muggleborn witch freely stalking the hallways of Malfoy Manor; every portrait had proceeded to shout profanities and insults with obvious relish. Merlin's beard! Did every pureblood home require family portraits to act as a personalised caterwauling charm upon sight of every muggleborn or blood traitor? Lady Malfoy, ignoring the interruptions; proceeded to lead Hermione towards a set of large doors at the end of the hallway. Halting outside the Entryway, Narcissa turned to Hermione with a serious expression. "Draco is confined to the suite just through these doors." Hermione's eyes widened as Lady Malfoy suddenly held a wand in her left hand. Brandishing the wand in a quick procession of movements; Narcissa set about removing the wards surrounding Draco's suite. "I will not be joining you, Miss Granger." Narcissa revealed, stepping to the side gracefully. Hermione was about to protest before Lady Malfoy had grabbed her arm and shoved her through the now open door. "Best to keep your wand in hand." Narcissa added quickly, shutting the solid oak door with a reverberating thud. Hermione squeaked in alarm. What did Lady Malfoy just say? Swallowing the dry lump in her throat, Hermione turned to face the room. Instantly, her eyes narrowed at the sight of a white-haired figure holding a tumbler of fire-whiskey. He stood looking out of a particularly large window - casually staring across the Wiltshire countryside with not a care in the world. In quiet disbelief, Hermione moved across the room; gripping her wand tightly behind her back - she was prepared for the impossible. "Hello, Granger." A familiar voice drawled coldly. "I believe I've been expecting you." She had definitely not been prepared for that... Draco Malfoy was a sight to behold – and not in the way that Hermione had been expecting. Dressed in sharply tailored black robes; Draco's pale complexion and pointed features were attractively contrasted. The once sunken shell of a scared teenage boy had been replaced with that of a broader and more confident young wizard. A very healthy looking young wizard. A very normal and 'not affected by a dark curse' young wizard. "You look …well?" Hermione demanded, utterly perplexed. "Do tell me, Granger. What has my mother revealed to you?" Draco asked, ignoring Hermione's questioning remark. "That you need to be saved." Draco scoffed loudly; reaching for a large flask of Fire-Whiskey on a nearby small table before pouring himself another glass. Noting Hermione's obvious bewilderment, he lifted the tumbler towards her in a mock toast. "Keeps the pain away." He whispered dramatically. Hermione was not amused. "Come on, Granger." He teased, "It's after five o'clock." "Are you not going to tell me anything, Malfoy?" Hermione demanded. Draco sneered before turning around, draining the contents of the tumbler in one gulp."My mother would have had me unconscious in bed, feigning imminent death upon our meeting, Granger. Don't be fooled by her theatrics. I'm perfectly capable of solving this myself." He spoke with his back to her. Hermione sighed. She couldn't believe that Ron and Harry had been right. "So, your mother lied about you being in imminent danger from a dark curse?" "I didn't say that." He replied cryptically, still facing away from her. "You're really dying?" Hermione gasped. "But – But you're so calm about it?" Draco turned around abruptly and levelled her with the same pointed look that his mother was so fond of. "Don't be absurd, Granger. We all have to die someday – no one wants a repeat of the last lunatic who sought to escape death by any means." "You're not afraid?" Hermione asked softly. "You're so young." "I'm hardly going to be the youngest to die as a result of the war" Draco chuckled. "Spare me your pathetic sympathy, Granger. We both know I have no want of it." "The war? You were cursed in the war?" Hermione latched on, trying to draw answers out of a very despondent Draco Malfoy. "Ten points to Gryffindor." Draco smirked coldly. "Your mother said that you were confined to this suite. Why?" Hermione pressed; curious as to why Draco was been retained within his suite when he was so obviously not bed-ridden. "Now that my dear father is rather preoccupied within Azkaban these days – I do what I can to appease her." Draco admitted evenly. "I never took you as self-less, Malfoy." Hermione clipped in response. "On the days when I'm myself again; I remember who was there for me, even when I wasn't." Hermione's eyebrow rose slightly at the brief show of emotion which had flitted across Draco's expression. "I saw the confinement wards, Malfoy." she reminded him. "My mother was rather persistent that I stay put this evening. Of course, she can't really be blamed - she does have a new little pet whom she so wanted for me to speak with." Draco smirked. Picking up the bottle of Fire-whiskey once again, Draco continued in his usual drawl. "At least I got to keep this nice bottle of 'Ogden's finest' with me. A few more glasses and I might actually tolerate the smell of dirt in the room." Sighing dramatically; he continued. "One has to be prepared these days; who knows what sort of mud will be tracked in through the front door." "You should get used to the smell of dirt, Malfoy." Hermione chimed. "I suspect that you'll soon be six feet under it." "Why are you here, Granger?" Draco demanded irately. "I told you. Your mother asked me to save you." "No, Granger" He snapped. "Why are you here? I fail to believe that Hermione Granger, public advocate for the downtrodden and pathetic – would be interested in helping my family." "It's like you said, Malfoy. I'm the public advocate for the downtrodden and pathetic." "Don't get clever with me." Draco scoffed. "What did my mother bribe you with? I'm quite surprised you were so easily bought, Granger." "I haven't agreed to anything." Hermione spat. "Nor would I want so much as a knut from either you or your mother." "There must be something you want from me; we both know you wouldn't be here otherwise." "I would leave right now." Hermione seethed. "Godric knows that the magical community would be better off without another pureblood wizard like you." Draco's smile widened dangerously. "You want to use my name to further your connections in the Ministry. Don't you, Granger?" "It crossed my mind." Hermione gritted through her teeth. "Though, no, Malfoy. If you must know; I'm here because I couldn't just sit back while your mother claimed that you lay dying. No matter how insufferable you are – I knew I had to at least try." "Can't even negotiate the better end of a deal when it's handed to you on a golden Malfoy platter." Draco mocked, rolling his eyes. "I over-estimated you. I assumed that you would have had my mother funding your every political appeal in the next decade; just for you being here tonight... Though, I shouldn't have expected such cunning from the witch who right now can barely conceal the wand that she's been holding behind her back since entering the room." Hermione refused to be baited by Draco's goading. "Some witches and wizards are just good, Malfoy. They don't ask for payment when the cost of life is at stake." "Always the Gryffindor hero, aren't you, Granger?" Draco ridiculed. "Though, I guess you couldn't all escape Potter's insufferable mantra. I did always think it foolish to have all you Gryffindorks living together at Hogwarts; to live through all those impressionable years, constantly surrounded by so many pathetic influences..." Draco tittered at Hermione's shocked expression before continuing. "You lot all bound about thinking yourselves brave; but you're all just thoughtless and reckless in the end." Draco laughed, gesturing to Hermione. "And here we are, another gleaming Gryffindor, come to save the world." "You're hardly the world, Malfoy." Hermione rebutted. "– And you should be thanking me." "Just piss off, Granger." Malfoy snapped; all humour suddenly gone. "I'm here to help you!" "Exactly." Hermione bristled. She had no time for such childish dramatics. Throwing up her hands in a sign of aggravation, she stalked angrily towards Malfoy. "You insufferable, arrogant git!" She seethed. "What? What did you expect – that I would want your help?" Draco laughed coldly. "In your dirty little muggleborn dreams, Granger." "Then go ahead and die, Malfoy." Hermione snapped back at him. "I know that it's probably extremely dark magic – curses like that, they don't simply take you down painlessly. You'll be begging for anyone to help you before the end. Though, from what I can tell; it seems that you deserve to be suffering." Draco's hands clenched by his sides at Hermione's words. "And what of your mother?" Hermione pressed. "Don't bring my mother into this, Granger. She had no right to approach you." He replied harshly. "I would have thought that if you didn't want to live for yourself, that you would at least want to live for her." Draco let out a loud, animalistic growl at Hermione's words. "Enough!" Instinctively stepping backwards, Hermione flinched as Draco swung his leg towards the small table laden with the fire-whiskey and fancy looking crystal tumblers. With a distinctive crash, the echoing chorus of shattering glass reverberated within the room as the table screeched along the marble floor. Hermione's hand once again remained behind her back, gripping her wand tightly as she stared wide eyed at the scene before her. "I know that you don't want to die, Malfoy." Hermione continued bravely. "SHUT UP!" he roared, rounding on Hermione in just a few short breaths. "You know nothing! – brightest witch of her age; and still just as ignorant as before." Draco now stood a mere inches away from Hermione. Breathing hard, and eyes wide; he towered over her menacingly. Hermione acknowledged that Draco Malfoy was like an injured dog; poisoned with fear and pain - he sought to lash out at those who got too close to his wounds. "Why wont you tell me what's wrong with you, Malfoy?" Hermione pestered. Who was she to be afraid of a mere worked up ferret? "Dark curses can often be removed. What aren't you telling me... It's been over five years - I don't understand what dark curse what suddenly be this bad?" Draco stared at Hermione blankly. "Why does your mother keep bringing up a marriage?" Again, Draco met her question with only a glare. Ignoring Draco's silence, Hermione continued her tirade."She left a marriage contract on my desk, Malfoy. I think I deserve some answers..." Draco paled considerably at Hermione's words. "She did what?" He breathed. Hermione couldn't blame Draco's reaction. It was one thing for Narcissa to proposition Hermione with a marriage - but to present her with an official Malfoy marriage proposal contract... Hermione would only have had to sign it, and Draco Malfoy would have been legally and irreversibly engaged without even knowing it. Instead of mocking her, Hermione reasoned; Draco should be thanking his lucky stars that she was not a more socially cunning, pureblood witch. "I assumed you knew." Hermione countered. "Or does your mother make all your romantic gestures these days?" "From what you just said - you obviously didn't read the contract, Granger." Draco rolled his eyes. "I did." Hermione quipped. "Nice library." Breathing deeply, Draco simply turned and walked away from Hermione. She watched him silently as he stopped in front of an ornate looking wooden chest. Kneeling quickly, he reached in and withdrew a long, narrow box. Turning to face Hermione once more, Draco walked over to where she stood; still refusing to meet her questioning look. "You wouldn't believe me If I told you, Granger." He admitted quietly. "Try me." Hermione challenged. Sighing, Draco opened the box and pulled out a finely made, Hawthorn wand. "It's not some special or cursed wand, Granger." Draco chuckled, having witnessed Hermione's immediate reaction. "It's my wand. Though, I haven't had any need of it in quite some time." Holding up his hand in a gesture of silence, Draco prevented Hermione's next onslaught of questions. "It will be easier if I show you." Hermione watched nervously as Draco hesitatingly lifted the wand out before him. Why did he suddenly look so scared - why did she suddenly feel so scared? Gripping her own wand reassuringly, Hermione waited with bated breath as Draco pointed his wand at the mess of broken glass. Carefully and clearly, he uttered the incantation for a simple vanishing charm. Hermione had been expecting a loud explosion or at least some exotic cursed fire that chased Draco around the room. What she hadn't expected – or even imagined possible; was Draco Malfoy suddenly dropping to the floor the minute the incantation left his mouth. Hermione wasn't proud to admit that for a few seconds; she had simply stood back - rooted with shock. Gaping at the listless wand, which had now rolled a few feet away from Draco's convulsing body; Hermione felt a loud pounding in her head that she couldn't place before realising it was the horrifying sounds of Draco's screams echoing throughout the room. Snapping out of her shock upon her realisation; Hermione was soon kneeling by Malfoy's side within a few short blinks - watching with wide eyes as Draco lay tightly clutching his left forearm with his right hand. Without warning, Draco let out a particularly loud, bone chilling scream as his whole body started to shake violently. His body twisted and arched in a way that reminded Hermione all to familiarly of the effects of the cruciatis curse. Placing her own shaking hand on his back; she attempted to soothe him as his body writhed from the pain. Panicked and confused; Hermione could only watch helplessly as Draco fell victim to what was obviously the dark curse's sudden attack. With one last scream; Draco's muscles convulsed tightly - before falling limp entirely. Hermione's heart clenched at the sight of Malfoy; now lying eerily still, his body splayed out awkwardly on his side. She hadn't realise that she had been holding her breath until Draco finally took in a deep, rattled breath himself - finally prompting her to exhale loudly. Although the attack had only lasted a few minutes; to Hermione it had seemed like forever. Hermione continued to kneel by his side helplessly, as Draco, groaning weakly, suddenly rolled onto his back with obvious difficulty. The glass shards which were still all over the floor, had cut into Draco while his body had convulsed as a result of the curse. With his robes now torn jaggedly, and a small cut starting to drip a trail of blood from the side of his brow – Draco Malfoy looked as if he had just been tortured for hours. To him, it had probably felt like it; Hermione thought grimly. Leaning forward, Hermione sought to inspect the small cut on his brow. Reaching out to carefully move a lock of Draco's hair from the bloodied area; a strong, pale hand shot up and caught her wrist tightly before she could touch him. "Don't." He rasped, weakly pushing her hand away from his face. "Draco?" Hermione whispered, leaning forward once more. Pained, grey eyes slowly opened to meet Hermione's own concerned gaze. "Draco, what has happened to you?"
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the property of J.K. Rowling. The writing of this story if for a non-profit creative purpose only. A/N: Chapter Four is here - and I'm terrified. This chapter is probably the one that took me the longest to write. I hope that I have finally answered most of the questions regarding Draco's curse. Thank you to everyone who has favourited, followed or reviews my story. Posting each new chapter makes me so nervous and knowing that you are enjoying the story makes me feel so happy to continue sharing and writing my take on Dramione. Next update will be up Friday. Enjoy the new chapter! Marshmallow. Hermione stole a glance to where Draco now sat – his body propped up stiffly against the wall. Earlier, when Malfoy had regained consciousness - and much to his dismay; Hermione had immediately examined him for any other signs of injury. Before he could protest further; she had mended his torn robes with a quick procession of basic spells - having wordlessly vanished the broken glass in the process too. Hermione had also politely attempted to help Draco up from the floor. Though, to her disbelief – it seemed that Malfoy had managed to retain his obstinate mood from before; stubbornly refusing any more of her help as he stumbled towards the wall and sank down heavily. Having noticed how Draco's body had responded awkwardly to his will – his muscles still weakened and limp from the convulsions; Hermione currently wondered what type of curse could affect someone in this way. Besides from the cut on his brow, Draco appeared relatively fine. Though, Hermione knew the opposite to be true. The pain that the curse had inflected, had been completely internal; relentlessly attacking the muscles and nervous system in the most abhorrent manner – not unlike that of the cruciatus curse. While the cruciatus curse attacked the mind with an intense illusion of pain; overwhelming the body into complete dementia. This particular curse, However, seemed to actually physically attack Draco's entire nervous system – crippling his every cell as the dark magic coursed venomously through his veins. A simple diagnostic spell had revealed an expansive, layered web of magical scarring that left Hermione with little wonder as to just how often these attacks occurred. Draco, of course, still refused to provide Hermione with any solid answers. After all that had happened – they were back to square one again. With a huff of frustration, Hermione fixed her gaze onto Malfoy; watching him closely – waiting for him to break under her persistent need for answers. The wizard in question seemed not to notice at all. With his eyes closed and his head leaning up towards the ceiling; Draco Malfoy contentedly remained sitting against the wall – breathing deeply as his body shook with the occasional, subtle tremor. Having noticed these spasms; Hermione conjured a goblet of water and walked over to Draco's side. Holding the goblet out with a steady hand, she silently offered it to him. Draco cracked one eye open before glancing upwards at the proffered drink. "If that isn't firewhiskey, I don't want it." He croaked; voice still hoarse from screaming. Hermione rolled her eyes. What an utter twat, she thought. Thinking back to the various ways Malfoy had insulted her while ignoring her every question; Hermione's hand acted before her mind could tell herself otherwise. It had only taken a slight bend of the wrist – one small decision, before a torrent of cold water was being poured out from the goblet and straight onto the head of a particularly frustrating, unsuspecting Slytherin. "What the fuck, Granger?!" Draco spluttered, glaring upwards at Hermione with a dangerous expression. "Not as impervious to water as you are to help, are you, Malfoy?" Hermione smirked, thoroughly amused. She knew that there were better ways to get Draco Malfoy's attention – considering his current condition. Although, Hermione reasoned, a nice cold shower did help with muscle recovery – at least, it might. Draco gritted his teeth in contempt. His hair, face and most of his robes had been drenched during Hermione's ridiculous act of retribution. With a still shaky hand, he pushed the wet locks of hair away from his face and irritably leant back against the wall once again. "You're lucky, Granger. Considering that I can't move right now – I'm going to pretend that you didn't just do that." Malfoy breathed angrily. "Oh please, what would you do, Malfoy? – you're practically a muggle." Hermione retorted. "Tell me, are you really dying? Or is not having magic as good as a death sentence around here?" "I have magic." Draco seethed. "I just can't use it." "You know what I meant." Sighing, Draco levelled Hermione with a pointed look. "Will you really not stop pestering me until you know what is wrong with me, Granger?" "You told me that you would show me." Hermione berated; hands resting on her hips defensively. "Now, you're just sitting there; refusing to answer any of my questions – even after everything I just witnessed." "I had hoped that it would scare you away." Draco breathed. Hermione felt a touch of sympathy at Draco's revelation. She could only guess that there was a semblance of truth within his words. How many other witches had witnessed what she had seen this evening – and walked away? "I'm a Gryffindor, remember?" Hermione chimed, smiling sadly at the still very wet Draco Malfoy. "We don't run away from a challenge." "How original, Granger." Draco snorted. Though, Hermione could see the hint of a new emotion forming within his eyes. Close to cracking his resolve, she knew that she would have to press harder. Tucking her wand up into her sleeve, Hermione sat down next to Malfoy; copying his stance as she too leant her head back against the wall. "Things were supposed to have gotten easier after the war." She sighed deeply. "Don't blame the world for your own reckless need to run head-first into every confrontation." Draco drawled emotionlessly. The corners of Hermione's mouth lifted slightly. "For once, I'll agree with you, Malfoy." Draco remained quiet, staring blankly across the room; deep in thought. Hermione had neither the urge nor need to fill the silence. There was nothing more that she could do. She would have to wait. Wait for the wizard next to her to place his trust in the one witch he regarded the least – but was about to be forced to rely on the most. Thus, the silence between them dragged by lazily. Each minute fading into the sounds of Draco's ever slowing breaths. The remaining tremors had now ceased completely and even the barest hints of colour had returned to his cheeks. Before Hermione could ask how he was feeling, Draco turned his head towards her – staring blankly, he met her questioning gaze as they sat, side by side – now facing one another. "What is it that you want to know?" He whispered defeatedly. Hermione's eyes widened with surprise; calming her reaction, she tried not to gape at the sudden, close proximity between them. "Start from the beginning." She uttered quickly, her voice catching in her eagerness. "Why are you cursed?" Chuckling darkly, Draco held out his left forearm between them; pulling back the long sleeve, he calmly revealed the underside of his forearm for Hermione to see. "Take a look for yourself, Granger – I told you that this would be hard to explain." Draco quipped emotionlessly. Hermione stared mutely at Malfoy's left forearm. She had expected to see the typical remnants of the faded Dark Mark marring his skin. However, the same pinkish, scarred remains of the Dark Mark that all Voldemort's previously favoured followers still bared – was not there. No, Draco's forearm revealed a Dark Mark that looked exactly the same as every other Dark Mark would have looked before Voldemort's magic had lost its sway on the world. The stark, jet black design of the skull and snake still appeared very prominent– and very much active. Watching transfixed as the Dark Mark seemed to breathe with life against the pale skin of his forearm; Hermione felt the breath leave her body as she almost fainted in fright. She had seen it – felt it...The mark; the curse. Hermione never would have thought that it would all come down to this. The Dark Mark on Draco Malfoy's left forearm still radiated with magic. "Granger." Malfoy snapped, drawing her out of her paralysing thoughts. "Voldemort's dead. He's not coming back. You don't have to act as if a swarm of hopeful Death Eaters are about to come clambering through the door." Hermione nodded robotically; her eyes still fixed in a trance as she watched the angry, black design moving agitatedly across his still exposed skin. "Granger!" Malfoy admonished; pulling his arm back before hastily rolling down the sleeve once more. Hermione couldn't think straight. Voldemort was dead – every Horcrux had definitely been destroyed. Yet, Draco's mark looked as dark and as angry as if Voldemort himself had pressed his wand against the harrowing design. " – How?" Hermione stuttered at a loss for words; staring wide eyed at a very uncomfortable looking Draco Malfoy. "You sound like an Owl." He scoffed; looking away nervously and quietly adding. "The curse imbued into the mark …mine's still active." "I don't understand." Hermione mumbled; her brow furrowed with confusion. "The magic within each Dark Mark was severed when Voldemort died." "It was." Draco sighed; bringing his hand up to his face and pinching the bridge of his nose. "Except, when I took the dark mark – the ritual was never finished. Yes, the mark was placed on me, but never fully…set." "What?" Hermione gaped, thoroughly confused. "The remnants of the Dark Marks that the other Death Eaters have; the dark curse within each of them had already been lifted long before the war ended – only Voldemort's vile magic seeped through their veins at the time of his death." Draco admitted. "However, the same dark curse which they all so freely escaped – is still very much alive within me today." "I'm not following you, Malfoy." Hermione countered, battling to comprehend the inner workings of Voldemort's ranks. "Look, Granger." Draco breathed sharply. "The Dark Mark was not just a token of Voldemort's favour. It was an honour to be in his innermost circle. The most absolute way for one to belong to his cause, to serve his cause – to kill for his cause." Realising what Draco had been trying to say; Hermione's breath caught in her throat. "You had to kill someone for the Dark Mark to fully bind to you, didn't you?" Draco nodded solemnly. "That's the problem – I've never killed anyone." To say that Hermione was shocked, was an understatement. "So, Dumbledore…?" She asked, voice thick with emotion. "Yes." Draco nodded heavily. "You could call it an initiation – a test, maybe. What better punishment for my parents than to set me out with a target I could never kill? Though, he probably expected for me to be killed in the process – I don't assume to know the workings of Voldemort's mind, Granger." Hermione blinked back her tears as she tried not to think of that hateful night all those years ago. "Surely, you must have wondered why Voldemort branded me so young – why I wasn't simply given the task and sent off to Hogwarts just the same?" Draco inquired. "That does make sense – though, in a completely messed up way." Hermione acknowledged, realising the depth of Tom Riddle's paranoia. "Voldemort had a failsafe; he would know who was loyal to him – who was truly willing to not just take the mark; but prove that they served him above all else. Who better to trust than those who would willingly blacken their soul for you?" "He was rather obsessed with death, wasn't he?" Draco smirked coldly. "A merry little group of followers all linked by subservient murder – how fitting." "Malfoy?" Hermione asked quietly. "If the ritual for the curse attached to your Dark Mark was never fulfilled – why – how is it able to affect you after all this time – how can an incomplete dark curse affect you like it did today?" "You weren't listening, Granger." Draco mocked humourlessly. "The curse requires the sacrifice of a life to complete the bond." "It's using your own life to complete the ritual." Hermione gasped. "Yes." Draco stated evenly. "Every day, since I received it. The curse grows stronger as it feeds from me. At first, after the war ended; I didn't even notice it." Laughing humourlessly; he added. "It took me two more years, two bladdy years for me to realise that it was because of the Dark Mark - because of the curse, that I had been weakening so drastically." Sighing deeply, Draco continued his explanation. "As you saw earlier, it affected my magic first – I still have magic!" Draco added hastily, noticing Hermione's bewildered expression. "The curse attaches itself to every source of energy it can find. Using magic – casting even a basic spell; it's like calling the dark magic of the curse to the surface. I can't even distinguish between its darkness and my own magic these days." Hermione frowned at the thought of such darkness corrupting her own magic and shuddered perceptively. "Every day, I feel its grip tighten on me." Draco shakily admitted. "Soon, I won't have the energy left to fight it anymore." "It's slowly draining the life right out of you?" Hermione confirmed; horrified that someone could live with a curse like that within them for so long. Draco nodded stiffly in reply; his gaze fixed intently on Hermione's own. "There you have it, Granger - now you know why I'm dying." Tucked deep within the confines of Malfoy manor, the unlikely pair sat leaning against the cold stone wall; side by side, both of them nursing newly conjured tumblers of firewhiskey – firewhiskey that Hermione had all too happily retrieved from the well-stocked cabinet on the far side of the room. There they sat, Hermione thought ironically. Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger; bonding over expensive firewhiskey – wordlessly toasting to Draco's imminent demise. It was all so … confusing, she decided; thinking back to everything Draco had told her. Sipping the burning, amber liquid contemplatively, Hermione attempted to puzzle all the pieces together. "Malfoy." Hermione questioned thoughtfully, idly swirling the remains of her drink within the glass. "Why haven't you been able to remove the curse?" "Ah." Draco chuckled softly. "I was wondering when you were going to start asking better questions." Hermione shrugged and took another burning sip. "May I assume that you know the basics about Dark Curses?" Draco asked with a pointed look. Hermione rolled her eyes and gestured for him to continue. "The Dark Mark is made up of dark magic; that's obvious, yes? – but it's not just a single dark curse attached to the mark itself. Voldemort, despite his forthcomings; was a very powerful and very talented wizard." Hermione scoffed, but nodded her head; agreeing reluctantly. "The dark curse – the magic currently swarming within my Dark Mark; it's imbued into my very being. There are tiers of curses; multiple layers of blood magic intertwined with binding magic – magic that roots itself through the very fabric of my soul." Draco's voice faded darkly with each word. "Voldemort himself spent hours weaving his poisonous magic through me, not stopping until every part of me was strung to the curse by a thread – forever linking me to the darkness." "Careful, Malfoy - you almost sound disgusted by Voldemort's actions." Hermione mocked; raising her eyebrow at him challengingly. "I was...I am." Draco drawled, downing the contents of his tumbler before slamming it down on the floor next to him. "There isn't much that I wouldn't do just to escape the remnants of his clutches." Hermione's brow furrowed at Draco's words – realising a very obvious solution that Draco had been presented with from the start. "I'm confused." Hermione whispered hesitantly. "If killing someone would save you from the curse; why didn't you do it, Malfoy – why didn't you just kill someone? It couldn't have been that hard to find some unsuspecting muggle…" Draco's head snapped up abruptly as he looked at Hermione in horror. "Why didn't I Just kill someone?" He seethed. "So, that's what you really think of me, Granger?" "Is it so hard to believe that I do?" "I'm not that fucked up, Granger." Malfoy exhaled slowly. "I wouldn't give Voldemort the satisfaction of controlling my choices again. He's done enough to my family already – He won't get me, not now that I have a say in it." "He already controls your Life, Malfoy." Hermione muttered. "You're dying from his curse, remember?" "No, Granger. He doesn't." Draco replied firmly; steeling his gaze as he became emotionless once more. "I will die proudly knowing that I never killed for him; that I fought against his control to the very end – too many have already lost their lives because of this mark." "Exactly, Malfoy." Hermione challenged. "Too many have lost their lives because of that mark." "I'm aware, Granger." Draco rolled his eyes. "You don't have to repeat what I say." "You have to survive this, Malfoy." Hermione declared. "You know that I can't." "There has to be a way – Curses aren't set in stone. Magic that strong, it has to have a core. You merely haven't found the right angle to approach it yet." "You're worse than a child, Granger." Malfoy drawled, his eyes flashing with annoyance. "There's no way around the curse. You can't just stomp your feet and expect the world to bend the way that you want it to." "I do not stomp my feet, Malfoy." Hermione balked. "Yes, Granger, you do – I bet you walk around the Ministry all day; throwing a tantrum at every witch and wizard who doesn't agree with your view on how to solve something." "I don't see you providing any solutions other than comfortably sitting back and choosing the flowers for your own funeral." Hermione retorted heatedly. "I spent three years consulting every curse breaker that I could find; hoping to find the breakthrough I needed." Draco supplied. "Finally, I found an answer – but it destroyed me to hope. Truthfully, the ritual was never finalised so, in theory… yes, Granger; the dark curse could possibly be removed – given ample time and effort." Hermione brightened cheekily; though, before she could boast, Draco cut her off. "But the curse attached to the ritual – the requisite to perform the darkest act of magic – taking a life; It's the very essence of the Dark Mark itself. Surely, you must realise the part of oneself a curse like that would attach onto? "The soul." Hermione sighed; releasing the confident breath she had taken only moments before. Draco nodded in affirmation once again. "The curse is woven through my soul – It's immovable; anchored to me like the veins across one's heart." "But, that means – if you tried to…if you removed it…" Hermione gasped, staring at Draco with wide, horrified eyes. "Yes, Granger." Draco finished. "It would shatter my soul in the process." Hermione paced back and forth, huffing and mumbling under her breath as her hair suffered the abuse of her agitated hands. Pulling and twisting at the messy nest of tangles and knots she had created; Hermione was at a loss for words – and not for the first or even the second time that day. "If you pull out any more of that mangy hair of yours, Granger – I'm going to risk trying to hex you just to save the floor from your disgusting shedding." Hermione stopped her muttering mid pace; rounding on Draco with a shocked expression before narrowing her gaze suspiciously. "You!" She practically shrieked; stalking towards where he was still leaning against the wall. Draco cringed as Hermione's previous ire now settled on him. "There's something you haven't mentioned, Malfoy." Hermione accused in a high-pitched voice. "I've told you everything that you need to know." Malfoy sniffed; playing with the hem of his robes dejectedly. "Aha!" Hermione shrieked again; pointing her finger at Draco accusingly. "That's just it, isn't it? You think I've forgotten. I'll admit that I was distracted while obsessing over the nature of this ridiculous curse – but I remember, I remember why your mother came to me!" Hermione knew that Draco had purposefully directed her away from this very topic all evening. Slowly but surely, Malfoy had steered her mind away from her more rational thoughts as he artfully avoided each question; continuously riling her up. Not realising that Malfoy had been intentionally misleading her, Hermione had become more and more distracted from her original questions as the night wore on. Draco watched with narrowed eyes as Hermione suddenly let out a shrill laugh. She really needed to work on her Slytherin interaction skills, she admitted to herself grumpily. Hermione had thought that she had been the one in control of the conversations between Malfoy and herself. "What now, Granger?" Draco moaned. "You said that you couldn't be saved, Malfoy. But your mother explicitly said that I would be able to save you - by marrying you." Hermione's smirk dropped as she remembered that particular detail. How in Godric's name, would her marrying Draco … save his life? Malfoy smiled tiredly. "You couldn't save me, Granger. Even if I let you try." Refusing to let Draco rile her Gryffindor side once more; Hermione pressed for the answer she wanted. "Why does your mother think that me, marrying you – would save your life?" She demanded, gesturing wildly between them with both of her hands. "If only it were that simple." Draco scoffed. "There's no need to ask these questions, Granger; I will never go through with it." "Marriage, simple? … that's -" "She wants you to soul bond with me." Draco spat, cutting her off mid-sentence; He was done with Granger's continuous spluttering tonight. "You can't seriously expect me to believe that your mother wants us to – to soul bond." Hermione gaped. "Believe what you want, Granger." Draco shrugged. "Dear mother believes that if the curse were to be removed from my soul whilst I was soul bonded – that I could survive it." "A way to stabilise your soul and safely remove the curse." Hermione breathed in awe. "I would never have thought of that – it's … yes, I can see how it has potential. But – no…" Draco rolled his eyes at Hermione's perplexed state. Getting up slowly, he dusted off his robes while waiting for her inevitable realisation of what it all meant. Hermione, of course, had read all about soul bindings before. There were hundreds of rituals that a witch or wizard could perform. Soul binding magic ranged from the simple rituals that served as part of most magical marriage ceremonies; to soul binding rituals that tested the brinks of humanity in the darkest of ways – like binding a broken piece of one's soul to an object… Out of all the rituals, Hermione could only think of one that would potentially allow someone to stabilise their soul against such a powerful expulsion of dark magic." "Malfoy." Hermione paled, looking up in clear bewilderment. "Your mother wants me to perform one of those ancient, soul tethering rituals; doesn't she?" Nodding seriously, Draco moved closer to where she stood. "She really expects that I would want to tether my soul?" Draco smirked coldly. Granger really was such a naïve little Gryffindor – always assuming that she would be the one to make all of the sacrifices. "No, Granger. She expects me to want to tether my own - to you."
