Prologue The burning of my back, the searing of my scar and the red-hot shivers down my chest wake me up. I hear a woman cackling and I shake violently, unable to move. I flashback to a few years ago. "The one born of stars and wolves arises. She's born as the ninth month starts, the full moon marking her birth. Bitten by wolf at moonfull, taken at 3. Parents of lion and snake, personality of all 4 founders. Once met by another wolf, the white sheep amongst the house of Black and the Scarred amongst the Perfect, the Dark Lord will get stronger. She will be in hiding until she looks away from Orion. When the time comes, neither can live while the other survives. This girl, heir of Astoria Evans and Charlus Hunter is entrusted to Orion and Walburga Black, to be protected until the time comes. She'll be called Bellatrix Hunter, as it is her birth name. Now, look after her, she is special to the world. I understand you have two sons? They are to be like her brothers, nothing more, nothing less." a cackling voice cackles. "Of course. We owe poor Astoria and Charlus. Sirius and Regulus will treat her as their sister. She'll be loved, don't worry Madaliena." a woman's voice whispers. I close my eyes. It was a long time ago, when that happened. That's the night I was bitten by a werewolf, my parents were killed and I was taken. I was moved into the Black Household. The Ancient and Most Noble House of Black.
DISCLAIMER: I am not J.K Rowling so I unfortunately cannot own Harry Potter and the storyline. Enjoy! Chapter 1 - Bellatrix 6am. What an unearthly hour to get up. Although, my "aunt" says it's preparation for going to Hogwarts, I am certainly not sure whether I'm going. I am a werewolf, so obviously I pose a huge risk to everyone. I hope maybe there is another person like me? I know my "brother" Sirius is my best friend but still, I really shouldn't have to be stuck here all year, talking to house-elves. I know they're amazing but still, I'd get lonely. I hear Sirius waking up so I rush to get dressed and brush my teeth. I run to the bannister and slide down it a few seconds before him. I dance in victory. "Yesss! I beat you again!" I yell, a smile being carved on my face. "Whaaaa?" Sirius slurs, obviously still feeling the 'just-got-out-of-bed' vibes. "I said that I beat you in the race of getting down the stairs before breakfast, slow-coach!" I yell again, repeating myself. If there is one thing about Sirius that I don't like, it's the fact that I have to repeat myself a lot when he is either not listening or just feels tired. It amuses him sometimes, but I usually end up pouring water over his head when he isn't aware. Maybe it is just me, but I feel so... out of place in this house. It's just not my style. I walk into the kitchen and see two Hogwarts letters on the table, one addressed to me and one addressed to Sirius. No way! I've got a Hogwarts letter? This has to be some sort of mistake, I mean I'm a werewolf! I sit down and open my letter. Dear Miss Hunter, We are pleased to say that you are allowed to join the school of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Term starts on September 1st and we wish to have your reply back by July 31st. Wish to see you there, Minerva McGonagall Dear Miss Hunter, I am aware of your Lycanthropy and we have put in security measures for when you transform into a werewolf. You will meet our healer, Madam Pomfrey, and another student, Remus Lupin, in the Headmaster's office after the Feast. From Minerva McGonagall. I smile and squeal. I am actually allowed to go to Hogwarts! This is amazing! I've never known a werewolf that has been allowed into a magical school! I see Sirius and I scream, "I'm allowed to go to Hogwarts!" "Me too! What about your furry little problem?" Sirius laughs, and so do I. We refer to my Lycanthropy as my "furry little problem" which even has his parents thinking that I own a badly behaved dog in my room. "Yes, she is too. Surprisingly, that problem of mine is allowed." I chuckle. "So you two, what has you laughing so early in the morning?" Sirius' mum, Walburga comes in and puts a big plate of breakfast on both of our placemats. "Well, we have been accepted into Hogwarts!" I announce proudly. "Congratulations you two! Now, you'll be in Slytherin, alright?" Orion, Sirius' dad interrupts. "Of course Father." Sirius sarcastically boasts, "I'll make us proud with my Slytherin Head Boy badge." "That's my boy." Walburga grins greedily. "Well, I'll be a standstill." I smile and nod at Sirius, "Seeing as my parents were Slytherin and Gryffindor. Maybe I'll make it to Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart." Orion clenches his fists and Walburga smashes a glass in anger. I laugh silently, tears of happiness streaming down my face. "Do not mention your abnormality under this roof, half-blood." Orion coldly says, not looking at me. I high-five Sirius and we look triumphant, like two winners of a Quidditch game. This is our moment! I really hate this place and Sirius' parents. Slytherins are said to be evil, so we have no plans on going that way. 10 minutes later, we use the Floo Network and Floo Powder to get to Diagon Alley. It looks amazing! I've never been before! Maybe I have, before my parents died, but I can't remember. It's full of people and lively. It's the place to be, place to go, place to visit and see. I look around and see Sirius ogling at the newest broomstick. We head to Flourish and Blotts to get our school books. While searching for a Transfiguration schoolbook, I walk into a brown-haired, skinny boy with glasses. I look up and apologise. He smiles and apologises back. "I'm James. James Potter. Who are you? Also, I'm sorry for walking into you." the boy smiles widely. "Oh hello! I'm Bellatrix, Bellatrix Hunter. I'm sorry, I was just looking for my Transfiguration book for Hogwarts." I smile back and reply cheerily. We talk about our home lives (trash) and which house we hope to be in (Gryffindor) until Sirius comes along and is holding all textbooks, including two Transfiguration books. They shake hands and introduce each other. "I'm Sirius Black. Don't worry, I don't plan on being in Slytherin. Neither does my best friend here, who unfortunately has to live with my Nauseating Black Family. You're Potter, right?" Sirius announces gladly. "Yes I am, James Potter." James nods respectfully. We wave and give our addresses to each other so we can write to each other during the rest of the holidays. Finally, I have made my second friend. A/N: Bellatrix is never mentioned in the series because she is an old friend of all the Marauders (excluding Peter).
DISCLAIMER: I still do not (unfortunately) own Harry Potter or the series. It is owned by J.K Rowling. Chapter 2 - Sirius Well, that trip out to Diagon Alley certainly was eventful. I was not expecting to meet James and make new friends, but I'm certainly glad I have. I just want to get out of this house. The decor is appalling and I'm meant to stay because legally, I'm part of the "Most Ancient and Noble House of Black", although I think a most deserved title of "Most Awful and Nauseating House of Black" suits it much better. We're back at home, where we are getting screamed at for taking longer than an hour at most in Diagon Alley. "You two rascals will get it one day, I assure you! Now, for punishment, Sirius gets 30 whips of silver and Bellatrix, you must clean the silver cutlery. Then, once you have received 30 whips and have cleaned the silver, head up to your rooms and stay in there for 2 days, thinking about what you have done to discredit the House of Black!" Mum screams, her face reddening like a tomato, which makes me laugh in silence. I then think about the punishment she has assigned Bellatrix, silver cleaning. Werewolves are allergic to silver! Maybe she'll find a way around it, well I hope she will. We head to our punishments. I feel a silver whip crashing down on my back 30 times, but no pain. I have developed dragon scales, well a layer of skin as hard as dragon scales, because I have received this punishment loads of times. Once I've finished, I go into Bellatrix's room and write a letter to James, explaining our situation and I send it with her owl. I really, really wish James reads the letter and finds a way to break us out. Well, the only thing we can hope on is luck, I suppose. 10 minutes later, as if it was timed, Bellatrix and her owl come into the room at exactly the same time. She locks the door and then sees me in here and chuckles. "Right smart idea Sirius. Sent a letter to James explaining our situation and hoping that he will find a way to get us out?" Bellatrix whispers. "How'd you know?" I gasp in shock, as this is exactly what I've done. "You just look like the sort of person who does that. Anyways, can you put some burn lotion on my hands please? I have loads of burns on them." Bellatrix winces when she sits down next to me. I apply lotion to her hands and the burns heal up, although not completely. There are lots of intricate scars on her hands, mapping all the traumas she has faced. We sit and talk for hours. I look at the clock and see that it's 10:00pm. I gasp. "It's 10pm! James should be coming!" I whisper excitedly. True to his word, James is in a flying car, outside Bellatrix's window. We wave and laugh. We are victorious! "Heya guys, why're you up here?" James grins and whispers mischievously. I high-five Bellatrix and we all laugh. "We were 10 minutes late back from Diagon Alley. Well, when we say late, we mean really early. We actually only took half an hour, but Mrs Black here decided it would be fun to punish us for no reason." Bellatrix frowns and growls, her displeasure of her punishment showing. "Well, get in! Put your trunks in as well. We've got Hogwarts in 2 days so you might as well bring literally everything, unless you plan on coming back just so you can annoy this house." James sighs. We all then burst into laughter and put our trunks into the car. We then get into the car, me first, then Bellatrix. James drives off and heads towards his house. We talk about the holidays and laugh about pranks we've played on our families. James put some Swelling Solution in his dad's drink, which made his mum angry and punished him with 300 lines of 'I will never do this again'. I put some Muggle hair-dye on Dad's hair in the colour of green, red and gold, and that lasted for 3 weeks. He tried desperately to change it back but gave up after the 431st attempt. Bellatrix pulled the best prank by far: she decorated her whole room in Gryffindor colours and Muggle motorbikes, which got her 3 days in the cellar. She also put Veritaserum in Mum's drink and made her spill the truth about her affairs with Abraxas Malfoy. Surprisingly, it was proved correct. Dad got very angry and put Bellatrix in her room without food for 7 days. 30 minutes later, we arrive at James' house, Potter Manor.
DISCLAIMER: I still don't own Harry Potter or the series. Anyways, lets start. Chapter 3 - Bellatrix Woah. Potter Manor is huuuuge! And I thought Grimmauld Place was big, this place is probably 50 times the size! It looks so much prettier than Grimmauld Place as well. Maybe it is just me, but I don't sense any silver at all! I skip inside behind Sirius and James, singing a Muggle song as I go. I see two adults on an ornate staircase and I stop skipping immediately, the last word on my tongue stopping halfway. I look down and I feel worried. The two adults walk over and lift my head up. They start shaking my hand and welcome me into the house. They also apologise for looking so scary. I nod and smile. "I'm Bellatrix, Bellatrix Hunter. Me and my best friend Sirius are here. Your son has rescued us from the house which I unfortunately have to call home." I introduce myself in glee. I shake their hand with respect and nod. "We've heard a lot about you Bella, your parents were best friends with us. We offered to take you in when they died, but Madaliena told us you had to live with the Blacks. We're glad you've made it to our house. If I am correct, the full moon is tomorrow, would you like a secure room so you can transform in peace?" Mrs Potter sweetly asks, smiling all the time. I shake a bit at the mention of my parents but I calm down as soon as I hear 'peace'. I nod in silence and they show me to my normal room when I stay and the room I go to when the full moon rises. It looks so elegant! So... aristocratic. 2 days later— I wake up at the ungodly hour once again. 6am, once again, my old friend. Or maybe my newly accompliced foe. I hear Sirius waking up so I rush to get dressed and brush my teeth. Once I have done so, I run and get on the bannister. I slide down and when I get to the bottom, I get off and do my classical victory dance. I yell, "Yet again, I have beaten you!" "Whaaaaaa?" Sirius and James moan in the 'just-got-out-of-bed' voice which haunts so many of us all. "I beat you, yet again Sirius! And James, it's a tradition we have every morning. We try and beat each other on sliding down the bannister." I explain and sigh. I walk into the kitchen and sit at the table. I grab a croissant and lots of sausages. The effects of the full moon still haunt me, so I have a tendency to eat lots of meat after. James' dad looks at me in shock and James' mum just laughs. I grin and carry on eating. James and Sirius come in and see only 2 sausages on the plate. They gasp and look at James' dad. He points at me. I burst into laughter. "I'm hungry too. Also, that's what you get for not waking up early enough to slide down the bannister." I explain happily, satisfaction being achieved by the looks of horror on their faces. "Wow, that's a lot of sausages though!" James moans and sits down. "Well, I will be starting school on a full stomach, but I can buy some food for you on the train?" I offer, feeling a little guilty. "No, James and Sirius can buy their own sweets. So can you Miss Hunter, although we appreciate the act of kindness." Mrs Potter solemnly sighs. We arrive at the station. I see a tawny-haired boy get on the train without anyone to say bye. I quickly say bye to Mrs Potter and I follow the poor boy. Maybe he's been disowned? I see him go into a compartment on his own. I follow and knock on the door. "Hello, please can I sit with you?" I smile and nod my head respectfully. "Of course Bella, am I correct? I've seen you in Diagon Alley." the boy sighs. "Yes, you are correct. I'm Bellatrix, Bellatrix Hunter." I gleefully announce. "Oh, I'm Remus, Remus Lupin. Don't you have Lycanthropy? Because in my letter, it mentioned your name." the boy smiles hopefully. "Yes, I do. I assume you have the same problem? If you see me hanging with a black-haired boy whose hair is kinda wavy, you can come talk to me whenever about it. He's called Sirius. He knows about my condition and he's fine with it. Anyways, how's life for you?" I babble, my head full of relief. "Okay. Life is actually horrible, right now. My father uses silver whips when I've done something bad, but that's not the worst part. When I transform, I usually scratch myself and I'm left to deal with the scars myself. How's it for you?" Remus explains. I nod my head and gesture that it's a long story. "Well, my guardians haven't guessed that I have Lycanthropy so they make me clean ALL the silver that they own, which is a lot, as a punishment." I sigh. We sit in silence and I read a book about Occlumency. It's a branch of magic which helps you shield your mind from magical intrusion or Legilimency. I want to be able to achieve it, so maybe, if I ever get captured, I won't have to be tortured. Or if I am, I won't reveal the information completely. I then start reading a book about the History of Magical Events. I see my parents name in the book. I start crying. 'The deaths of Astoria and Charlus Hunter were detrimental: a sign that werewolves had broken the Treaty Of Alissa: a document which states that werewolves on the full moon be kept away from any human life. Their daughter, Bellatrix is the last of the House of Hunter, and is part of a dangerous prophecy. The one born of stars and wolves arises. She's born as the ninth month starts, the full moon marking her birth. Bitten by wolf at moonfull, taken at 3. Parents of lion and snake, personality of all 4 founders. Once met by another wolf, the white sheep amongst the house of Black and the Scarred amongst the Perfect, the Dark Lord will get stronger. She will be in hiding until she looks away from Orion. When the time comes, neither can live while the other survives. If you are reading this Bellatrix, please make sure you are careful at all times, and that you know who to trust. The Dark Lord is rising. Love you honey. -Zelda, godmother' I feel confident. My godmother is looking out for me somewhere. I smile and I wipe my tears. Maybe, I am meant to be here. If Voldemort is rising, then maybe I will oppose him. I'll oppose the so-called 'greatest sorcerer in the world'. I'll oppose Tom Riddle.
DISCLAIMER: do I still have to claim that I don't own Harry Potter or the series? But yes, I don't. Chapter 4 - Sirius Where could she be? Usually she is a little late but I've looked in all compartments... unless she's in the teacher's cart. I haven't checked there, but why would I? Unless they've called her there to discuss the Lycanthropy? Nahhhh, they'd discuss it somewhere more private, like Dumbledore's study. I still wonder where she is. I look in a small compartment at the end and I see her sitting with a tawny-haired boy that I saw at the station. I come in and sit down. The boy looks up at me and smiles, then he looks at Bellatrix. "This must be your best friend you were talking about, Bella. I'm Remus Lupin. I think you're aware of her 'condition'? Well, I have the same too." the boy announces, "What's your name?" "I'm Sirius Black. I'm part of the Most Awful and Nauseating House of Black. I live with Bella and I would like to be your friend. I understand the nature of her condition and so I understand yours. I mean, we have everyone, including my parents, fooled that she owns a badly behaved dog." I smile and say. Me and Remus shake hands and nod in respect. Bellatrix looks up from her book, smiling as if she has found out a truth in amongst all the lies. She then carries on reading until we're 10 minutes away from Hogwarts. She then goes and changes into her robes. She comes back in, looking rather beautiful with her hair messy as always, her bright jade green eyes and the mischievous grin on her face. "Well, hello!" she laughs, "My two best friends sitting with each other and being friendly. Greattt!" We all laugh and tears are running down our faces as if we'd never experienced as much fun and joy as this before. We arrive at Hogwarts and get out of the scarlet red Hogwarts Express train. We walk over to a very tall, bearded man. He calls himself 'Hagrid', keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts. He notices my face and Bella's face in the crowds and smiles very widely. We make our way to Hogwarts and go inside. Professor McGonagall, or McGoogs, walks us to the outside of the Great Hall, where she leaves us for a moment or two to see whether we are allowed to go inside. A blonde haired boy walks up to me and says: "It's true then. Sirius Black and Bellatrix Hunter have come to Hogwarts." the boy announces loudly, creating a huge amount of shock. I hiss and Bellatrix growls. Remus and James walk up to us and stand by our sides. "I'm Lucius Malfoy." the boy sticks out his hand. I reject it in disgust. How dare he insult my best friends, the Marauders? He wants me to be his friend, he can go and stick his head down the toilet, for all I care. "I've got the idea. But I don't plan on being in Slytherin. Neither does Miss Hunter here. We plan on being in Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart. So bog off Malfoy." I sneer, feeling lots of satisfaction from his look of horror when I say these words. Bellatrix high-fives me victoriously and gloriously. We've succeeded in getting rid of a Slytherin. Now, many more to follow the rejection. McGoogs appears and leads us inside. We stand in front of the Podium, where a stall and the Sorting Hat are. One by one, our names are called out. "Remus Lupin!" McGoogs yells. "GRYFFINDOR!" The Hat replies. "James Potter!" McGoogs yells. "GRYFFINDOR!" The Hat replies. "Sirius Black." McGoogs whispers. I walk up to the stage, looking excited. Honestly, I can't wait to see my dad's reaction, or even better, my mother's! As soon as the hat is placed on my head, it yells, "GRYFFINDOR!". For a second, the whole room goes quiet in shock. I then hear 3 shouts: 2 coming from Gryffindor (Remus and James) and the other coning from Bellatrix. I smile, knowing I've been placed in the right house. Bellatrix goes up next and as she predicted, The Hat is at a standstill. 10 minutes later, it seems that the Hat has made its final decision. It screams, "GRYFFINDOR!" We all scream in happiness as Bellatrix strolls over to our table. Me, James and Remus hug her in delight. We then sit down, ready for the feast. Professor Dumbledore announces a few things and then starts the feast. I see Bellatrix struggling to get food and when she tries to get a sausage, she burns herself several times trying. I get 10 sausages for her and apply burn lotion to her hand. It must be awful, not being able to help yourself to food when you're only going to burn yourself. Her next transformation is at the end of the month. Maybe I can be an Animagus. Illegally, of course. I wouldn't report my status like that, just in case I committed a crime and they wanted to find me. At the end of the Feast, we all head to Gryffindor Tower and go to shares a dormitory with me, Remus and James. Bellatrix grabs the History of Magic textbook I bought her and opens to a specific page. I see her writing down notes in neat, but not swirly, handwriting. A few minutes later, she places the parchment on the bedside table and puts the book in her trunk. When she falls asleep, I cross over to the bedside table, pick up the parchment and I read it. Miss Zelda Potter Hunter House Surrey England Hmm? Potter? Never knew James had a family member called Zelda... maybe she's Bella's godparent or something? I don't know what her title is, but I'm sure that she's up to something, our Bellatrix is.
DISCLAIMER: All characters belong to J.K Rowling and will forever belong to her. Chapter 5 - Bellatrix I scream as I wake up way earlier than I should do. I start crying in my bed when I see Sirius walking over to me. He sits next to me and hugs me. He strokes my hair and calms me down a bit with a Muggle song "Rockabye". But why did I dream about her dying? My godmother, Zelda, lives in Surrey, as far away as possible and yet I still see her dying in my dreams. "What's up Trix?" Sirius whispers calmly, trying not to disturb my thoughts too much. "I had a nightmare, about my godmother... dead, dying... I haven't met her but I can still see it." I sigh, relaxing into the hug and I smile slightly. A letter comes in the window and I gasp. No, no, no... I hope not. I sincerely hope not. I open the letter and wail for ages. Dear Miss Hunter, We have received intelligence that your godmother, Zelda Potter-Hunter-Black has been killed with the Avada Kedavra Curse. The suspects are Tom Riddle, Albus Dumbledore and Remus Lupin. Please discuss this with the two you are closest with and make sure you have a hearing set. From Kingsley Shacklebolt I see Remus and James looking at me, very confused. I wave the letter in their faces. I sob rivers of tears. "My godmother's gone! She's really gone! I could've helped her!" I wail, Sirius by my side, conforting me into sleep. I fall asleep in Sirius' arms and I hear 3 voices before I fully zone out. "What's happened?" James sighs. "Bella's godmother's just died. Go and tell McGoogs. Tell her to not say a word to Dumbles, he is a suspect. Hearing date is in 3 days time." Sirius whispers, desperately trying to not awaken me. "Oh poor love... what was the name of the woman?" Remus gasps. "It's Zelda Potter-Hunter-Black." Sirius declares. "Oh my god, my mother's sister! Oh no, she'll be ever so devastated." James cries. "Go. I'll sort out Bellatrix. She needs all the time to herself and me." Sirius firmly growls. Remus and James leave the room, thoroughly shaken up and scared about the situation. "Wake up honey, it's only me here." Sirius whispers. I slowly wake up, tossing and turning as I do so. My vision is a little fuzzy, but it rectifies itself as I wake up more. I wipe my eyes and get out of bed to go to the bathroom. I take my clothes with me and get dressed. When I go out of the bathroom, Sirius is waiting for me, just in case I need anything. I grab and hold his hand, as I feel scared not to. I feel like I'm going to be attacked any minute now and it's just going to be me in a war against everyone else. I hear a large noise from the dormitory. I pull out my wand and I run with Sirius to the dormitory. I see a body sprawled across my bed, bleeding rapidly. I use the most advanced healing charms I know, but he's not going to live. He's lost way too much blood to survive. I sit by the bed, shaken, solemn and worst of all, empty. I could've saved him, if I had been in time, I could have saved him and he would have another chance at life, but I was too late. His skinny, mangled, blood-ridden body lays on my bed, lifeless and lonely. Tears well up in my eyes, knowing what his fate could've been if I had come into the room earlier. Only a day or so into first year, and a student has died, on my bed. All these attempts are set up by someone trying to kill me, it seems, but they are missing by a fine margin of about 3 minutes. This is dangerous! We certainly need more protective spells on the castle, if a murderer is only missing the chance to take my life by an average of 3 minutes.
DISCLAIMER: I still don't own the Harry Potter series or anything like that. I own the storyline and that's it. Oh, I also own the character Bellatrix Hunter. Chapter 6 - Sirius I look at Bellatrix, sobbing over a boy's lifeless body. It seems someone is out to kill us. Or her, I don't know. The boy was on HER bed, and she was nearly dead as well, being missed by 2 minutes so far. Then, her godmother is dead and she know about it 4 minutes before she received the official letter. Her godmother was in the HUNTER House, where Bellatrix's parents used to live, before they got savaged. It makes this person more dangerous in a way, they don't care about how many people get hurt during the process as long as the main target ends up dead. I don't think Dumbles did it and Remus was with us the whole time. Maybe it was Voldemort. He's certainly after something, something she owns. Maybe it's her wand? Apparently it's a priceless family heirloom. Or maybe its the locket she wears during the day? It's Astoria's locket, the Locket of the House of White. Nah... it can't be, can it? The family rings of Hunter and Peverell are on her left hand and the ring of Potter is on the other. What power could they contain? His or her downfall? The Hallows? The prophecy... the stars. Wolves. Bellatrix Serena Moony Luna Hunter. Named after the stars of the world and the magical powers of moonshadows. I hear Bellatrix talking to someone, so I turn around and see James and Remus. I frown and carry on thinking. "Hey Bella- oh my god! Who is this?" James squeals in fright. "It's Josh. My god-brother. I can see the Hunter's glint..." Bellatrix sighs. "I guess I have to admit that I'm being hunted, so I want to become the Hunter." "Hey, Sirius? Hellooo? Earth to Sirius?" Remus grins and yells, my thoughts concluding and I bring myself to the present time. 5 months later— Wow. Time has flown. We've been cautious of everyone and we look everywhere we go. We often cast the "Muffliato" spell. I remember when me and Bella were 5 years old, she explained what the three rings on her hand meant and were used for. She said that she was part of a prophecy, that she'd die, but not in vain, for a cause and not just a spectacle. I look up and see Bellatrix with her long, messy, tangled black hair hanging by her shoulders, the scar dividing her face bright and pronounced, her locket glistening in the sunlight and her eyes glinting with the natural Hunter's look. She walks in and looks around. James and Remus walk in, look around and sit down. Bellatrix continues to look around, but sits down in hesitation. I suddenly see her right hand, withered and decayed. We're only in first year, what curse could've caused a disease so vile on her hand? "Hello everyone! What homework do we have? I think I'm going to complete my DADA essay and then go to sleep. I feel really tired and maybe, we can prank a certain greasy git." Bellatrix smiles weakly. I notice a falter in her smile and I realise what's up. She still sees the lifeless body of her god-brother, Josh. She never sleeps in that bed, it brings back horrible memories. "We haven't DADA, nor any essay." Remus looks concerned. "Oh yeah, we do Moony." James grins, "It's about werewolves. I hope we get all symptoms down." "Oh shut up James." I snap. Everyone looks at me, shocked. I shake my head and apologise. Bellatrix heads up to the dorm and falls asleep. Us three talk about homework and potential pranks to pull on Snivellus, a greasy git who is trying to steal James' love of his life, Lily Evans. We start planning our evil mastermind prank when we hear a scream from our dormitory. We rush up and see Bellatrix, being held by a snake-like figure with glowing green eyes and slits for nostrils. She screams at us to get out or to go to Dumbles, but we stay rooted to the spot. We see her nod and smile. I drag James and Remus with me to Dumbles' office. We enter and see the Headmaster sitting in his chair, with a frown on his face. "What is it you rascals?" Dumbledore sighs. "Bella is in the dorm, duelling Voldemort." James gasps for air. "Snake-like arsehole! I'll get him. Mark my words." Remus growls. "Language Mr Lupin. I will head to the dormitory at once. Please wait here." Dumbledore looks increasingly worried and whispers. I hope he gets there in time. But... he sounded odd. Worried, confused, even... confused. As if he was not really Dumbledore. I sigh. Bellatrix may be a bloody powerful witch, but she is no match for Lord Voldemort.
