She wasn't imagining it. The lesson had only lasted twenty minutes, the class in a stoic rhythm of the frantic scratching of thirty or so quills (which was common with Professor Snape's lessons, even if he was now doing Defence Against the Dark Arts). Any disruptions were the occasional sniffle, as with November came a new virus; they'd already been snapped at to get a pepper-up from Madam Pomfrey as soon as they would leave his class. Professor Snape in fact was in a particularly foul mood today. For once they weren't doing a practical lesson; in addition, they were redoing their theory homework on nonverbal spells, of which was very unlike the previous potions professor considering he despised a waste of time. Perhaps his darker mood could explain his extra vindictiveness. Even the Slytherins, his favoured students, were suffering his wrath. Which was exactly why Hermione was sharing the same desk as Draco Malfoy. The pale-faced boy had made as much distance between himself and her as he could seemingly achieve. Apart from a brief sneer, and a miraculously uncolorful, "You smell awful, Mudblood," he had kept his focus on taking his books, parchment and quill out of his bag even after several Slytherins sniggered and Ron had yelled an insult at him from across the room. That had been at the beginning of the lesson. Now not even the Slytherins were daring to so much as whisper and Ron was still standing outside of the classroom with fifty deducted points from Gryffindor hanging over his head. Professor Snape was swooping over their desks like a vulture scanning for carcasses to rip apart. Hermione had begun to grow accustomed to the situation, until she noticed a pattern. At first, she thought it must have been a result of paranoia, considering Malfoy's oddly tame reaction to having to sit even a foot away from her. Then, as she paid more attention to her peripheral vision, she realized he was doing it quite frequently. Looking at her, that was. Not glances, either, but full-blown stares, that lasted so long Hermione could practically feel them burning the right side of her face. Malfoy was notorious for his Death Eater heritage, blood prejudices and bullying. The fact that she was the subject of his scrutinization wasn't a good sign at all. A slightly hysterical part of Hermione considered that Harry's theory that he was now a Death Eater himself could be true. No, that was ridiculous. It's Malfoy, for god's sake! He was probably just embarrassed that he couldn't come up with a good enough jeer and was searching for ideas. Before she could charge that first train of thought out of control, Hermione decided she should actually take in what she was writing. To cast a spell verbally itself is a disadvantage; not only when the caster needs to remain undetected, but also when they need to produce their desired effects quickly and precisely – There. Again. He was looking again. Hermione's hand paused, the quill's tip still resting on the parchment. Adorning an expression of contemplation, she waited a few seconds before she stole a glance at him. For a mere moment, she swore she'd caught an expression on Malfoy that didn't resemble him sucking a lemon. On the contrary, he looked… well, she wasn't sure. His eyebrows had been furrowed and his jaw clenched. Then he visibly stiffened before his usual contemptuous sneer was back in place, in which his poor parchment had to deal with when he looked back down. Returning to her work, Hermione untangled her thoughts from Malfoy's weird behaviour. Whatever the reason was, she'd tell Harry and Ron about it after class. Actually, on second thought, she'd just tell Ron – the last thing Harry needed was fuel to his Death Eater theory. If he so much as suspected Malfoy was out to kill her (and considering even she had gone along that thought process, albeit in a brief moment of paranoia, it wasn't far-fetched at all that Harry would do the same), he would probably do something very stupid. When she saw Blaise Zabini's parchment almost full in front of her, a flare of irritation erupted inside her. Promptly, she scolded herself for allowing Malfoy of all people to distract her from her schoolwork. Pushing everything that wasn't nonverbal spells out of her mind, Hermione rolled her wrist a few times. Then she dove back into the essay. .o.o. He didn't like being wrong. Every so often, the rhythm of the thirty or so quills were overlapped with one of her breathy sighs. Not loud enough for Snape to swoop upon her and shut her up, but enough for Draco to hear. Each time that little huff escaped her lips, he gripped his quill tighter. Merlin only knew he wanted to whip his wand out and curse her to the next century. Of course, he couldn't do that. What made the Malfoys far more superior to most of Wizarding Britain was their diplomacy, etiquette and grace. Impulsive violence was much more a Weasley thing. Well, that, and he'd get into trouble. Snape couldn't defend him for everything, certainly not once McGonagall or Dumbledore got involved and especially not now when he'd already so recently gotten himself into trouble. Instead Draco was left to stew over why the old bat had made him sit with the Mudblood in the first place. Clearly, he was in a bad mood and Draco had a sneaking suspicion it had something to do with him getting caught by McGonagall the other night. Of course, she wouldn't believe whatever excuse he would come up with so he didn't waste his breath. A week's worth of detentions and McGonagall pestering Snape – that had to be the reason. Draco was fine as his quest in the Room of Requirement had remained undiscovered, but Snape obviously didn't share his sediment. Despite him still writing, and pondering, he found his mind wandering over to those irritable sighs. This is when he discovered he was wrong about several things. Firstly, she didn't smell. Badly, that is. On the contrary he was getting an overpowering whiff of roses. Normally Draco didn't enjoy the combination of girls and perfume. Sitting next to Pansy Parkinson, for example, was the equivalent to subjecting oneself to suffocation. This perfume, and this... girl, however, reminded him of soaring along his Manor's vast rose dotted hedgerows on his broom during a hot summer's day, when the pollen was strongest. Secondly, she acted more civil than Weasley, who was Pureblood regardless of the Blood Traitor filth addling his family's brains. For the past couple years, any form of disdain he threw her way was met with cool indifference or complete ignorance. It was frustrating but a betraying hiss at the back of his mind – one that had been growing louder and louder as time passed by – quite admired it. The most significant realisation was that he couldn't imagine her lifeless. At one point he found he'd abandoned his essay and was instead drinking her in. Trying to imagine those eyes without an intuitive glimmer. That infernal bush of hair limp as a dead cat. Her voice drowned in death; her distant laugh an echo, because he couldn't catch it from the far end of the classroom anymore. The Dark Lord believed her kind should be wiped out. His parents agreed. For his entire life, Draco had wanted nothing but to please those superior to him. That meant his father, powerful wizarding figures, and now the Dark Lord. So why was he struggling at such a simple concept as killing animals? Draco watched her delectable fingers curved over the quill. Suddenly, it stopped. His eyes moved to the side of her face. Her pink bottom lip was trapped under her teeth, indenting it. Abruptly, her head turned in his direction. Feeling his heart stop for a moment, Draco raised the nastiest expression that he could before staring down at his parchment. No, she didn't smell. Maybe she was an anomaly. She wasn't an animal. But what about the hovel she came from? The image of her corpse daunted him. Yet his father had stood on piles of those and that had never bothered him before. Death was so permanent. Draco had never really acknowledged it until just this year, when his grandfather had died. He was still coming to terms with the fact that the old man wouldn't be visiting anymore. As a concept, it was hard to grasp. So was his task: he'd kill Dumbledore, then the Dark Lord would have full power, then there would be deaths everywhere including people he shouldn't bat an eye over. Like Granger herself. Without turning his head, he moved his eyes in her direction once more. In his peripheral vision, her hand was flying across her parchment, her face so close to it that her nose was almost brushing it. There were freckles on her nose. Had she always had freckles? His eyes moved down to her lips, which were pressed tightly together. Until. A sigh left them again. Watching its progress, Draco wasn't irritated. He felt ill. Imagining her taking her last breath. Jaw slack. Lifeless. Slowly, he dragged his stare back to his half-hearted essay. His palms were clammy. Her sighs wouldn't stop. Draco shoved himself upwards, his chair making a deafening scrape across the stone floor. Ignoring all the faces turned towards him (although he wished she would stop looking), he swept his parchment, quills and ink bottles into his bag. "Draco?" Snape's silky voice queried from across the room. It was a warning. He sneered, looking upwards to face his godfather. Snape was hovering over Potter, who was eyeing Draco suspiciously. He needed a plausible excuse and they both knew it. Dumbledore's pet wasn't the only one who'd noticed there was something strange about Draco. There were theories circulated around him, from both houses. "You're making me sit next to a Mudblood and expect me not to get ill?" There was an uproar from the predictable Gryffindors, drowning the laughter and approving noises of his own housemates. One reason Gryffindors lacked cunning was because they allowed their emotions to completely blind them from the circumstances they were under. "Piss off—" Snape was their circumstance. "–not like she'd like to si—" Provoking him in his current mood… "—ucking Malfoys—" Was like firing spells at a slumbering dragon. "—eath Eater bigot—" "Silence!" Snape snarled. Nobody listened. In fact, it got louder – and their anger was now instead directed on Snape himself. Idiots. "We get fifty point removed—" "—gonna let this sonofabitch go scotch free!" Draco took his opportunity. Shoving himself through the crowd of hollering imbeciles, he slipped out of the classroom. Got a whole lot of assignments due so naturally I start writing fic.
This is a terrible idea Hermione. A terrible, terrible idea. Of course, her logical stream of thought had little input whenever Harry was involved. The minute she saw her best friend weave through her angry housemates and out the classroom, she knew he was going to get himself into trouble. So she also made her way out, knowing that she wasn't the only one who'd seen Malfoy make a swift exit. Now she was with Harry under his invisibility cloak, who had also managed to pull Ron (who'd still been waiting outside the classroom) into his newest vendetta against Malfoy. Harry was positively convinced that the pale Slytherin was up to something. Ron was still doubtful, but he was joining her other friend nonetheless. Hermione was sure he was just being his usual dramatic self… even though she was aware, like most people in their year, that Malfoy was not exactly being his 'usual' self. Regardless of what was going on with that boy, she didn't want any part of it – and she certainly didn't want her two best friends entangled in it, neither. "Harry, think about it. If Malfoy was a Death Eater, he'd be conspicuous about it, especially with Dumbledore around," she hissed, as the trio started gradually ascending the grand staircase from the third floor. They could already see Malfoy striding up the fourth floor. "Have you seen him Hermione? If he's not a Death Eater, he's doing something with Dark Magic. Do you really believe his 'ill because of dirty blood crap'?" "He's prejudiced, yes. That's the reason he left the classroom – he's pissed at Snape for not treating him better for once!" "He's been acting weird since school started!" "Well, his dad is in Azkaban after all. Bad person or not, he's still human." "Why the hell are you defending him?" Ron whispered incredulously. "I'm not!" she responded hotly. "But this is ridiculous. You-Know-Who's not exactly going to go around wasting his time recruiting underage wizards!" "He's up to something," Harry stated firmly, and with that classic stubborn tone Hermione knew she had no hope of convincing him otherwise. The rest of their journey stalking Malfoy was spent in silence, which meant Hermione was left victim to her relentless thoughts. They were out of class without the teacher's permission. They were bound to get into a lot of trouble. Professor Snape's least favourite student being missing from the classroom was not going to go unnoticed. It didn't help that Harry was very clear for his suspicion for his most favourite student That meant McGonagall would get involved. The head of Gryffindor was already aware of Harry's suspicions about Malfoy; her best friend had accused the other boy of causing the attack on Katie Bell in Hogsmeade. Despite the fact that it had been proven the Slytherin had not been in Hogsmeade at the time, Harry was still convinced his rival was involved somehow. Essentially, what it meant was even more trouble for Harry. Sometimes he was so irritatingly stubborn. Draco Malfoy, a Death Eater? It was ridiculous. Though, he'd been staring at her all lesson like he was a starving animal and she was food… Stop. Unbelievable. She had never been more disappointed in herself. Harry's paranoia was rubbing off on her. So were her friends' arms – this cloak had really gotten small for the three of them. Suddenly, they halted. Seventh floor, if she wasn't mistaken. She'd been quite preoccupied with her racing thoughts. Oh, it was seventh floor alright: the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy was draped innocently against the wall of a familiar corridor, beside where their feet were planted. They were in front of the Room of Requirement. All that they were looking at was a blank wall. "He's not here, Harry." It was a feeble attempt she knew wouldn't work. Ignoring her, he slipped out of the cloak, dodging her frantic hand trying to keep him under it. "I need to find Malfoy," he murmured, pacing one, two, three times. With bated breath, Hermione hoped that nothing would happen. Ron muttered a profanity when her hope was dismissed. Before either of them could say anything, Harry grabbed the door handle. "Potter!" Hermione nearly jumped out of her skin, gripping a shell-shocked Ron. "Bloody hell…" he breathed, just as an equally surprised Harry was approached by a very murderous-looking Professor Snape. .o.o. Draco wasn't sure what he was doing in here. Progressing in his task would've been useful. Except, he wasn't in the mood for that. The fabricated image of Granger lying in a pool of her dirty blood was still ingrained in his mind's eye and as a result his stomach was roiling. The room sensed that: instead of the usual stacks of shelves piled with forgotten objects, it had morphed into his bedroom back in Malfoy Manor. He sprawled onto his large bed, exhaling shakily. His room was the one place he could truly be, well, himself. Nobody was there to judge him. Nobody was there for him to impress. Nobody was there for him to disappoint. In that bedroom, he could indulge in the things he enjoyed. Quidditch. Books. More, uh, illicit activities. Things that most wizards and witches got the privilege of having without simultaneously worrying about tarnishing their reputation. That was what truly ruled out Pureblood families from Blood Traitor ones or muggle ones. Sacred houses such as the Malfoys had a bloodline to represent. They had no business being ordinary. Cultured, perhaps. But, for example, his father's idea of supporting a Quidditch team was to sit and clap politely when they scored. "Animalistic behaviour is not the Malfoy way," he would tell Draco. It was quite unfair, to say the least, that he couldn't be openly excited about his favourite team winning. That was just one of his many duties to his name. He supposed now, he couldn't even be an ordinary student. People either saw him as a nutter or a murderer or the Dark Lord's non-accidental 'Chosen One' or perhaps all at once. Of course, none of it was proven but their speculation wasn't exactly far from the truth. The pressure of staying hidden, of successfully carrying out and completing his task was really taking a toll on his health. What made it all worse was Granger. Damn Granger. Why did she have to exist? How much easier this all would've been if she'd remained in that place which she called home, infested with muggles. If she'd just been another one of those faceless creatures that would be insignificant to him. The fact of the matter was, she wasn't. She was very much a witch, as her capability with magic demonstrated. In fact, she was more able than many Purebloods, such as Weasley. Not that he would ever admit it, but he found her abilities fascinating. Most of his housemates, boys and girls alike, were incapable of having an intellectual conversation, like Crabbe and Goyle. Blaise Zabini was the closest he could get to when it came to not boring or frustrating him. As she spent most of her time around Saint Potter and Weaslebee, he could tell her intelligence wasn't given justice, either. He briefly wondered what it would be like talking civilly to Granger. From imagining her corpse to imagining a conversation with her. Maybe he really was a nutter. The door burst open. Draco whipped his head towards it, only to sneer. The old bat just wouldn't leave him alone. "What were you thinking?" snapped Snape. He slammed the door closed behind him. Draco swore he saw a flutter of something just behind Snape's feet. When he blinked, however, it was gone. Snape's next words made him completely forget about it: "are you an idiot?" "How d'you think my father would react if I told him you made me sit next to a Mudblood?" "I would say he has little power to do anything considering he's in Azkaban," replied the damned fool. "My father has the dignity to show where his loyalty lies!" he growled, getting to his feet, fists clenched. "His dignity is not useful to the Dark Lord." Snarling, Draco swiftly drew out his wand only to have it disarmed, where it hurtled to the other end of his fake bedroom. "How dare –" "Potter was right outside this room," said Snape silkily, black eyes glittering. For a moment his anger deflated, only to re-erupt. "Potter can't just mind his own damn business!" he screamed, kicking his bed in the process. If his father had seen him in this moment… "And you just let him leave?" "Leaving my disrupted classroom to chase after Potter and you – that wouldn't look suspicious at all," his godfather sneered. "Gryffindor no longer has any house points," Draco, despite everything, smirked at this, "and the only Prefect available in the classroom was Pansy Parkinson, who is now watching my classroom while I excused myself." Wait. That meant – "Granger? And Weasley was still outside the class –" "Not when I left. Potter, Weasley and Granger. It's not hard to put two and two together." The focus on her made his nausea return. "Except, only Potter was trying to get into this room. He claims that the other two were trying to stop him from following you, and when he wouldn't listen, they went to get help." "From who?" Draco asked, already knowing the answer. "McGonagall," Snape hissed, his patience clearly worn thin. "How many times before it becomes hard to ignore, Draco?" "Stop getting involved! Just because the Dark Lord didn't give you this opportunity –" "You silly boy!" Snape advanced towards him, looking outraged. "I made the Unbreakable Vow with your mother to protect you!" "I don't need your protection!" he snapped, sidestepping him and stalking towards the door. Incredulously, he contemplated how even his own mother had no faith in his success. He wanted his wand back and the room provided it to him, the familiar piece of wood speeding into his waiting palm. From behind him, he heard a faint scoff. "You're afraid, Draco." He froze. Yes. He was. But nobody could know that. Grabbing the door handle, he yanked it open and left his godfather behind. This fic is partially loyal to the books and partially loyal to the movies, so it's a bit of a mix-up haha.
The gargoyle regarded the apprehensive duo. With the invisibility cloak clutched in her fist, Hermione took her attention away from the gargoyle to face Ron. Her friend shook his head in disbelief for what must have been the hundredth time. "Harry was right." "Snape didn't say he was a Death Eater," she reminded him. "Good as one," Ron muttered darkly. "Whatever the 'Dark Lord's task' was, it sure as hell had something to do with Katie Bell." Hermione had contemplated the same thing when she and Ron emerged from the Room of Requirement, on the heels of their Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. "And Snape definitely is still a Death Eater." "He's a spy." Hermione nibbled her lip, turning back to the gargoyle. "Did Harry ever say what Dumbledore's password is?" Their friend had been having sessions with the Headmaster all term, in preparation for facing the very wizard Draco Malfoy was carrying out an errand for. "I don't reckon so." "They always change anyway but it would've been worth a try." "Maybe we should just find Harry and tell him, he might have the newest password." "No," Hermione said firmly, ignoring Ron's incredulous expression in her peripheral vision. It hadn't been the first time he'd suggested it, nor the first time she'd declined it. "He was right, Hermione!" "I know!" she insisted. "If it wasn't for him, we wouldn't have even found out!" "I know!" "You just don't like the fact that you're wrong for once!" he said, pointing an accusatory finger at her. At this, Hermione snapped, rounding on Ron and jabbing him in the chest with her own finger. "In case you've forgotten, Ronald, I was right about the Ministry last year and Harry still went… and look what happened to Sirius because of it!" "Bravo Hermione!" he responded sarcastically. Tears pricked the back of Hermione's eyes; it was always more frustrating to her when Ron dismissed her opinions than when Harry did. "Harry doesn't take some time to think, is my point," she gritted out, gripping the cloak so tightly her knuckles were white. "He'll end up doing something stupid, like fight Malfoy!" "Fine, don't believe in him." "I didn't say that!" "Yeah, you did." "No –" "Miss Granger and Mr Weasley," interrupted a familiar, calm voice. The pair swivelled around to face none other than Albus Dumbledore, who was wearing a set of indigo robes with a matching pointy hat. Hermione glanced at his blackened hand before she met his gaze from behind the half-moon spectacles perched on his crooked nose. "You must have been looking for me." "Yes, sir," Hermione said, before Ron could open his mouth. "It's urgent." His lips twitched behind his silver beard, before he nodded. "Very well. Ice Mice." Hermione turned back towards the entrance of his office to see the gargoyle leap aside, revealing a spiralling staircase. "After you," Dumbledore said with courtesy, and so she and Ron ascended up his staircase to his office. Once they reached it, Hermione was momentarily struck with the many strange, whirring objects cluttered on different surfaces in the circular office. She made a mental note to read up more on magical objects. The walls were caked with dozing portraits, of which she knew were previous Headmasters (some she recognised from their portraits in Hogwarts, A History). There was an empty perch she presumed belonged to the phoenix Harry had told her about. Next to it was a desk, of which Dumbledore sat behind. "Please, take a seat." He gestured towards the armchairs in front of his desk. Avoiding eye contact with Ron, Hermione did as Dumbledore asked, placing the invisibility cloak beside her. "Sherbet lemon?" She passed, rolling her eyes when her seated companion grabbed a handful of them. "Sorry to bother you, professor," she started. "No, not at all." Dumbledore smiled serenely. "Long story short, we followed Draco Malfoy to the Room of Requirement." Dumbledore's eyebrows raised. "I presume it was not out of amiable intentions." "No, sir. See, we –" "'arry," Ron corrected, mouth half full of sherbet lemons. "You didn't let me finish the sentence," she said curtly, throwing him a filthy look. Ron swallowed heavily, not paying her any mind. "Harry thought Draco Malfoy was doing something dodgy. Turns out he was right. He's working for You-Know-Who." Silence followed. Hermione noticed that the snoring of the portraits had ceased, meaning that they been feigning their sleep the whole time. She observed one the past Headmasters sneak a peek at the scene below him. "May I ask how you came to this conclusion?" Dumbledore finally asked. He seemed oddly unfazed by this information. "Snape –" "Professor," the Headmaster corrected him. "Yeah," Ron scoffed a little. "He caught Harry outside the room. Gave him two week's worth of detentions for leaving class without his permission, even though Malfoy did as well. I was under Harry's invisibility cloak with Hermione. We followed Snape –" "Professor Snape." "What does it matter, anyway? He's an active Death Eater," Ron said savagely. More silence followed. "I'm assuming the pair of you overheard a conversation between Professor Snape and young Mr Malfoy in the Room of Requirement." Dumbledore's normal and blackened fingertips were now pressed against each other as he scrutinized his nodding students. He sighed. "Then I shall request that you keep this a secret." "What?" Ron was on his feet, incredulous. Hermione herself was perplexed by the Headmaster's response. Trying to get her friend to sit down by gripping his arm, she huffed when he shook her hand off. "May I ask why, professor?" He gave her a sad smile. "Unfortunately, Miss Granger, that is information I cannot expound upon you. All I can say is that I am aware that Professor Snape is still taking orders from Voldemort–" the duo flinched "–and that Mr Malfoy is also doing the same." "So what are you doing about it?" "Like I said, Mr Weasley, that is information I cannot give to you." Visibly frustrated, Ron threw his hands in the air. "Two bloody Death Eaters in the school and you want us to keep it a secret?" "Was it said at any point during the conversation that Mr Malfoy was a Death Eater?" "No, but –" "Then leave benefit for doubt, Mr Weasley." Hermione couldn't help but feel a little smug. Though she was careful not to show it considering he was going redder by the minute and she wasn't sure she had the capacity to deal with a ticked off Ron. "I don't think I'll be able to be around either of them!" Ron declared, fuming. "There is a muggle saying that I am quite fond of," Dumbledore said calmly, oblivious to Ron's indignantly bewildered expression. Curiously, Hermione regarded her Headmaster; there was a slight twinkle in his eyes. "Don't judge a book by its cover." .o.o. In an attempt to draw as little attention to himself as possible, especially after today, Draco decided he should start attending everyday student activities again. That was why he made an appearance during dinner, which he felt might be a mistake but he did so anyway. Roughly an hour after he left the Room of Requirement (of which he spent in his dormitory), the last period of the day had ended, where students began their migration to the Great Hall. Reluctantly, Draco had followed suit. Now he was on the Slytherin table, back deliberately turned to the rest of the school. This is because he knew that she was at the other end of the hall. Probably sitting, as per usual, with Saint nosey Potter and Weaselbee. Undoubtedly scarhead would be creating some conspiracy about the room he never got to walk in. Weaslebee would be nodding along like the tamed dog that he was. Granger… she'd be scrutinizing him. Calculating him. Her quick mind would be putting pieces together. That was the only reason he was worried about Potter's attention. "Draco, are you listening?" Pansy's shrill voice from across the table pulled him out of his preoccupation. "No," Draco replied matter-of-factly. Theodore Nott, who was sitting beside him, choked on the pumpkin juice he was drinking, managing to pass it off as a violent cough when Pansy glared at him. Then, (dear Merlin no), she turned her attention back to Draco. "What's going on with you today?" she asked, looking at her fingernails as if she didn't care. Though she could sever his last nerve often, he did appreciate her underlying concern from time to time. Unfortunately, right now was not one of those times. "Just ill." "It's really not fair Snape made you sit with that horrid Mudblood." She wrinkled her nose, just as Theo scooped potatoes from the bowl in front of her and piled them onto his plate. "She's quite a looker for a Mudblood," Theo stated, snickering when Pansy shot him another nasty look. "For someone who doesn't play any Quidditch she's got a killer figure –" "Enough, Theodore!" Pansy snapped, cheeks reddening. "Now I feel sick." Draco agreed with her, albeit for completely different reasons. Somehow the small amount of food on his plate looked less appetizing than before. Poking at it with his fork, he willed Theo to stop laughing. "Speaking of Granger," said Blaise Zabini, who was seated next to Pansy and had been quietly listening to the entire exchange until now, "she's looking in this direction." Draco's stomach dropped. His fork clattered to his plate. Theo had turned around to stare whilst Pansy glowered at the Gryffindor table. Blaise, however, was watching Draco. Palms sweating, he stared back down at his plate. A few seconds later he found he couldn't stop himself. Rotating to look at her was confirmation that he would not be eating tonight. Like he'd predicted, she was observing him. Her lips were trapped under her teeth, which he remembered once used to be abnormally large. With furrowed eyebrows, her stare darted between himself and his housemates. Potter was beside her; his eyes were narrowed and he bent close to her to whisper something in her ear. Draco found himself scowling. When she shook her head, leaving Potter with a slightly irritable expression, he craved to know what had been said. Around her, Gryffindors were starting to notice the staring Slytherins. Anger started buzzing through her housemates, as it was, in their opinion, due to him that they had lost all their house points. "Bloody Malfoy!" bellowed one of the Weasley's hoard of children over the general chatter of the hall. At this, their table erupted into cheers. Every single one of them, hurling profanities and jeers his way. All except for her. Even from here he could see her sigh. The sound of it still echoed in his mind from Snape's lesson. "Where are you going, Draco?" Pansy asked, as some Slytherins started jeering back and professor McGonagall left her seat at the High Table to scold her house. From the corner of his eye he could see Blaise studying him. "I've lost my appetite."
