October 31, 1981 Faster! Sirius Black thought desperately, tearing through the night sky. The cool air whipped around him, pulling at his jacket and slipping through the crack between his goggles and the skin around his eyes. The rush of the air and roar of the motorbike's engine usually drowned out his thoughts, but not tonight. Tonight the sounds were muffled by the panic clawing its way through up from his stomach. Something was wrong. He'd felt it halfway through the day. Another death had occurred, which wasn't that shocking, considering they were at war. But it had been an Order of the Phoenix member, and someone who was in hiding. Only Order members knew where other Order members were hiding, which meant the Order had a mole. A sudden stab of fear jolted through him. He couldn't stop thinking about James, Lily, and Harry. If there was a traitor in the Order, then James and Lily were vulnerable. He knew they were protected by the Fidelius Charm, but if Peter… He was running out of the Auror Office before he could finish the thought. He jumped on the motorbike, revved it to life, and took off through the darkening sky. Peter wouldn't betray James and Lily. He wouldn't! Sirius landed the bike in the Pettigrew's front lawn and jumped the steps to the door. He pounded on the door. "Peter! Peter, open the door!" A plump, greying woman opened the door, looking mildly alarmed. "Sirius!" she said. "Whatever's the matter?" "Where's Peter?" Sirius demanded. Mrs. Pettigrew jumped at his tone. "He just went out. Goodness, Sirius, what's happened?" Sirius didn't answer. The world around him blurred. He jumped back on the bike and shot into the sky. "No," he begged. He'd never been a praying man, but he prayed now. "Not James and Lily." His arms and legs felt cold, his stomach in knots. He swore. "Faster!" he snapped at the bike. It seemed to take an age to reach Godric's Hollow. The Potter's home looked fine from the outside, but his panic didn't abate. He was off the bike before it touched the ground. "James!" he screamed before reaching the door. "Lily!" He knocked thrice and received no answer. He backed up and pulled out his wand, pointing it at the door to blast it aside. "Reduct-" The door opened. A bewildered and startled-looking Lily stood on the other side. "Sirius! Merlin's beard, what-" He hugged her before his heart had time to catch up with his mind. She was fine. She's fine, he told himself. He kicked the door closed before pulling away. "Where's James?" he demanded. "In the dining room," she answered at once. He pushed past her and nearly ran into his friend as he rounded the corner. James' hair was tousled as usual, his brow knitted into worry. "What happened?" "It's Peter!" Sirius started at once. "You all need to leave now. He's-" "Peter's what?" Sirius stopped. He turned quickly. Peter stood behind him. His arms were wrapped around a small boy with messy, dark hair, sitting on Peter's hip. Remus stood behind him, watching Sirius in knowing concern. "Pete!" Sirius said in surprise. "What in Merlin's name are you doing here? You're supposed to be at home!" James put a hand on Sirius' shoulder. "Mate, relax. We're just having dinner." The indignant question, Without me? nearly spilled automatically from Sirius' throat, but that wasn't most important. He took a deep breath, looking at each of them in turn, willing his heart to slow down. They were all here. They were all safe. "Pa'foo?" Harry asked, confused. He held out his little arms toward his godfather. Sirius took him slowly, almost mechanically. Harry grinned and grabbed a handful of Sirius' hair. It finally sunk in that they were alright. Sirius let out a breath and smiled weakly. "Sorry. Guess I panicked." "All Hallows Eve gotten to you?" James' grin didn't quite light up his eyes. Sirius forced a chuckle, trying to reestablish the ease in the air that he'd ruined. "Yeah, must be." Lily walked past him, stopping beside him and giving his arm a squeeze. "Come and have some dinner." "Yeah, I think I will. Thanks." Harry giggled in his ear and tugged at his hair. He adjusted his grip on the one-year-old as Peter and Remus passed him on their way back to their seats. Remus squeezed Sirius' shoulder and Sirius returned his reassuring smile. Sirius didn't eat much, and what he did he barely tasted. He preferred to drink in the sight of his friends, his family, around the table. All safe, all well, all together. Such a rare and precious thing in a world like theirs. They talked lightly, complimenting the meal, wondering how the new Hogwarts school year was going, reminiscing about their old pranks. None of them mentioned the mounting fear or the growing tension or the fact that Sirius' terror of finding them all dead wasn't unfounded. They simply sat in each other's company, trying to salvage some piece of normalcy in a dying world.
May 5, 1987 Callie Potter stepped out of the elevator, steeling herself and steadying her trembling hands. This was it. This was the day her life changed forever. Providing she lived long enough to see a change, of course. She walked across the hallway, took a deep breath, and opened the door labeled: "Auror Office". She was struck by the noise and bustle of the enormous room, like the Daily Prophet after a major incident. People shouted over each other, ran around the room carrying parchment and quills and sporting injuries, some of which looked nasty. She approached the nearest desk, clutching a portfolio. "Excuse me," she said. The woman looked up, her eyes discerning but not unkind. "I'm Callie Potter, and I'm here to-" "Oh, you're the new girl!" The woman stood up, smiling, and extended her hand. "Denise Wilde. Pleasure to meet you. I assume you haven't met your Supervising Officer yet?" Callie shook Denise's hand and returned the smile. "No, I haven't. I haven't even been told who it is." Denise took the portfolio from her hands and opened it. She scanned several lines, grinned, and handed it back. "Lucky you. He's over there." She pointed to a desk several yards away, behind which a man sat studying a report. "I'll warn you, though: He believes strongly in the sink or swim method." "He looks nice enough," Callie muttered to herself. Denise's grin widened. "Oh, he is. Reformed the whole bloody office, he did. Took ideas from the Muggle MI-6 and CIA, I think. You'd best keep on your toes, though." "Has he ever trained anyone before?" "Not officially." Denise looked at her. "Go on, say hi." She gave her a little push, a wink, and a reassuring smile. "Tell him I sent you." Callie glanced back uncertainly, heart beating wildly. She forced her knees to stop shaking, reprimanded herself for being so nervous, and marched to his desk. "McKinnon! Get me everything we've got on the Malfoys!" the black-haired man shouted across the room. Callie could tell he was the sort of person people followed, even if they didn't quite know why. When he didn't acknowledge her, she cleared her throat. The man held up an impatient hand, finished scanning the last few lines of cramped writing on the parchment in front of him, and said, "Who are you?" without looking up. Confused and a little put-off, Callie replied, "I'm the new Auror." She held out her file, and he took it deftly. Long fingers opened it and scanned over the first page. She took the time to look him over. His face bore all the marks of a well-bred family. The stubble along his jaw spoke of days in the office and the dark circles under his eyes told of long, sleepless nights. But no amount of disheveled clothes or hair could conceal the fact that he was most definitely one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. He finally looked up at her out of startlingly clear silver eyes, and smirked in a familiar, confident way. "Callie Potter," he said. "You've grown up." It struck her like a bolt of lightning. Long-forgotten memories of her brother's best friends flooded into her mind, and she vaguely remembered James telling her she'd already got a friend in the Auror office. She'd no idea he'd meant his own best friend! "Sirius Black," she responded. Her face broke into a wide smile. "James didn't tell me you were an Auror." "I think he did." Sirius grinned, and she saw that sixteen-year-old runaway peeking around her family's kitchen door in search of a midnight snack and catching her red-handed with a forbidden cookie in her ten-year-old hand. He stood up and gave her a once-over. "Merlin's pants. James said you were coming, but I was rather expecting that little girl who used to spy on us." Callie chuckled. "Well, sorry to disappoint." "No, no, I'm not disappointed." He smirked mischievously. "We always seem to be missing each other, don't we? What's it been, six years?" "Seven. Still got that motorbike?" "Are you kidding? It'll be a cold day in Hell before I give that thing up." "It used to scare mum to death. She swore you'd crash it and kill yourself." "And yet, here I am." He smirked. "And here you are. The first Potter in Slytherin for a century, and the first Black in Gryffindor for longer than that. We should get along swimmingly." He walked around his desk and faced her. He crossed his arms and leaned back against the desktop, regarding her thoughtfully. "How old are you now? Eighteen?" She nodded. "So tell me: What made little Callie Potter decide to be an Auror?" Callie responded automatically, mind turning back to those months of horrors before the war turned in their favor. "I was in Slytherin during a bad time. My friends were dropping out of school to join their parents under Voldemort, or to join their parents in hiding. With my own family in Gryffindor, and my own brother on the front lines, I felt guilty for not being able to do anything to help." Sirius nodded in understanding. She continued, "It felt wrong not to do anything, and I've always loved dueling, so I thought this would be the best place for me." Sirius chuckled. "Being an Auror is a lot more than dueling. It's a lot of investigative work." He picked up her file from behind him again and flicked through a few pages. "Top marks in Defense, Potions, History… Played Quidditch as a Seeker… Recommendations by Dumbledore himself. Very impressive." He glanced up at her. "Any experience?" "Not much to speak of." She paused nervously, biting her lower lip. "Is that bad?" "No, it's just something I'd like to focus on first. I'll be training you." Something in the way he said this made her frown in suspicion. He was smirking. "Wait…" Callie said slowly. "Did James put you up to this?" "Of course he did, but I'm pleased to do it. Getting to train my best mate's little sister in the art of detection, dueling, and seduction will be a blast." Callie raised an eyebrow. "That last one?" He leaned in with a devious smirk and whispered, "The thrill is in the chase, never in the capture." He winked and walked back around his desk. He sat down and reclined, leaning his chair back on two legs. "So tell me a little more about yourself. Your likes, dislikes, anything pertinent that a future partner might need to know." Slightly put-off, she hesitated. Nothing really came to mind. "Well, I'm best at dueling-" "Not what I meant," Sirius interrupted. He put a finger to his lips and regarded her carefully for a moment. "Who is Callie Potter? What are her likes, dislikes, how does she take her tea?" Surprised again. Why would he need to know that? "I'm sorry… why is this relevant?" "We're going to be working together, aren't we? I don't want all my information about you to come from James and a lump of parchment." He seemed to sense that she had no idea where to begin, so he continued. "I like Quidditch, I listen to Muggle rock music, and I hate wearing these blasted wizard robes. Your turn." She opened her mouth to reply, but was cut off by a hand appearing over her shoulder, holding out a stack of papers. "Everything we've got on the Malfoys, as ordered." Callie turned to see a tall witch. She was pretty, except for the scar in her right cheek. Sirius took the file with a smile and introduced the two women. "Callie, this is Marlene McKinnon. Mar, this is Callie Potter." Marlene smiled and shook Callie's hand. "Sirius' new protégé." She chuckled. "It's nice to meet you. You're James' little sister, right? Sirius said James asked him to keep an eye on you. Be careful with this one; he's a bit mad." Sirius faked an indignant expression. "Mad? You think she'd have more respect for her ex-partner. I've saved her arse enough times." Marlene laughed. "And I've saved yours just as much." She turned back to Callie. "Really, though, best of luck. We can always use the additional pair of hands." She looked at Sirius pointedly. "Behave." "Me? Never." He smirked. "Get back to work. You've got another two years before retirement kicks in." She gave him a rude gesture, but the sparkle in her eyes rather ruined the affect. She smiled encouragingly at Callie before disappearing again. Callie turned to Sirius slowly. "I thought there were rules against 'fraternizing' with other Aurors." Sirius looked mildly impressed. "Officially, by law, I'm required to say there are." He winked. "But things have changed around here, and they continue to change every day, so don't worry about that." He grinned, and let his chair fall back with a bang. "You'll have Death Eaters to worry about soon enough." He stood and rummaged through the files in a cabinet for a moment before withdrawing one with an ugly, scarred face staring out of the picture on the front. "We're going after this one first. He's small beans, but it'll get your feet wet. Read over the file tonight and make a note of what you think is important. I'll come get you in the morning." Callie took the file, hand trembling a little. The face leered up at her. She took a breath, let it out, and looked up again. "I won't need to come into the office?" "You rarely will. We're only ever here for research or to write reports. The real job's out there." He pointed to the farthest wall with a grin. "You'll get used to it. You didn't join the Auror Department for a comfy desk job, did you?" Callie shook her head. She tried to think of something else to say, anything that didn't sound stupid, but nothing came to her. "I'll see you tomorrow, then." Sirius nodded. "Looking forward to it." He flashed her a smile. "I'm sure you won't disappoint." Already feeling like she was destined to disappoint him, Callie turned and strode out of the office. The room seemed louder than ever, and the outside world seemed even darker and more wild. Hyper aware of every shadow, she went home, locked her door, and settled down to read and reread her target's file, praying the sense of impending doom she felt was just paranoia. Author's Note: Hey, guys! It's Syilline. If what you just read sounded familiar, then it's probably because it is. This story, or the first part anyway, has already been published on under the exact same name, and I should probably give an explanation for that. This is my story – I am the same author who published this before. The short answer to why exactly I'm republishing it is as follows: I use different passwords for pretty much every new account I create, be it for social media, school, email, what have you. I record the passwords on my phone to help me remember. Around mid-January of last year, as fate would have it, my phone crashed. Like an idiot, I didn't back it up, so the passwords were lost. The email address I used for my account was connected to my phone, and thus also lost. After several hours spent trying to "hack" back into my old account, I gave up for a while. I started college and life got busy; you all know how it goes. But I love, love, love this story, and it nagged at me and nagged at me until I decided to just finish it – and I did, over the Summer. It was bitter-sweet, because yeah the story was finished, but I couldn't share it with you guys! I finally decided, what the heck! Why don't I just republish it from start to finish, and edit as I go? So here it is, one year and one day since the first chapter débuted, under a different account! I hope you guys enjoy it! Thanks for coming along for the ride! -Viskari (formerly Syilline)
September 20, 1987 Callie quickly learned that Sirius Black was not the kind of Supervising Officer to train his subjects gently. It was more like he threw her head-first into the worst, most reckless missions he could find. He preferred to teach in the thick of things, coaching her on blending into the shadows or picking the right target. He could be fighting two Death Eaters simultaneously, and yet never lose sight of her for a second. His easily-bored mind was never happier than when it was forced to focus on several things at once. One night in late summer, four months after she first began work for the Ministry, Callie and Sirius crouched outside a tall, derelict house. It resembled a dead bird, with a short section in the middle and two wings stretched out on either side, climbing up into the night. "We're after the Carrow siblings," Sirius whispered. "Death Eater double-act. They work well together, so keep your guard up. Separate them. They're much less of a threat alone." News of Amycus and Alecto Carrow had spread through the office like wildfire after their recent terrorist activities. They'd killed three Muggles and one Squib on a street corner in Devon. Eyewitnesses accounts confirmed it was them. Three months previously they'd tortured a former Hogwarts professor to near-insanity. He was still in St. Mungo's. They were lethal killing-machines, dogs of the Dark Lord, in the words of other Death Eaters. Ferocious, but also teetering on the edge of madness. Sirius crept around to the back door, a solid wall of oak. "Revelio," he whispered. A door knob sprang to existence. After a simple unlocking charm and a grin at his partner, Sirius led the way into the dark room beyond. Callie tiptoed after him, keeping a firm grip on her wand. The entrance opened into a wide hall, doors branching off every few feet. Paintings of horrid, proud-looking men and women stared down from their ornate frames. They preened and leered, but remained quiet. A faint scurrying punctuated the silence; rats in the walls. They were halfway down the hall when the back door closed with a slam. A scream tore from the painted throats of every portrait; an alarm. Disoriented, Callie put her hands to her ears to block out the horrible noise. She felt a body slam into hers and push her against the wall as double streaks of green met exactly where she'd been standing. "Magnum Selintium!" a voice bellowed. The screaming abruptly ceased. Callie had a glimpse of a portrait's mouth still open in a silent cry before Sirius forced her head down to avoid another Killing Curse. A bright Stinging Hex shot from his wand's tip. Shaking herself, Callie turned and shouted, "Reducto!" Sirius grabbed her shoulders and shoved her through the nearest door. He slammed it shut and pushed her forward. "Run!" he yelled. She obeyed. The other end of the room showed another hall and a staircase. She bounded up the steps. A crash below indicated they were being followed. Sirius shouted hexes and curses, firing them behind him, hot on Callie's heels. "Go! Higher!" Callie took the steps two at a time, climbing a forth flight. She risked a look down, and saw two black-robed figures chasing after them. "Immobulus!" she shouted, aiming down. The spell glanced off a barrier around the first figure. Callie climbed higher. She shouted every hex she could think of down at them, giving up on aiming. Sirius' occasional shouted reminder told her that getting to higher ground was the priority. Finally, they ran out of stairs. The path was blocked by a door. "Reducto!" Callie shouted, putting as much energy into the spell as she could muster. The door blew outwards in pieces. Warm, night air enveloped her. She could tell by the strength of the wind that they were over a hundred feet above the ground. The flat roof stretched ten yards before and behind her, ending in a short wall promising a sheer drop on the other side. Two chimneys stood on either end of the roof. Sirius bounded up behind her a second later, nearly running into her back as she skid to a stop. Sirius swore. "No cover." He took her hand and pulled her behind the small, brick rise in the roof where the stairs ended. "Take opposite chimneys," he ordered. "It'll force them to split their focus." Callie darted for the nearest chimney and ducked behind it. She turned just in time to see Sirius disappear from behind the opposite one. She took a moment to catch her breath. Silence descended again. The nearly-full moon and stars illuminated the roof. She watched the opening between herself and Sirius, waiting for a figure to emerge. A sharp pop sounded behind her. She turned. A sneering face bore down on her. "Protego!" she screamed, just in time to deflect a curse. She shot a jet of red sparks at the form of Alecto Carrow and dove out of the way. Multi-colored light flashed from the far end of the roof. Out in the open, her only option left was dueling. Green light flashed at her. She darted to the side. Alecto bore down on her, want tip flashing with nasty curses. Callie blocked or dodged most of them; Alecto wasn't a very good shot. She laughed too much and got too much pleasure out of it. She wasn't terribly fast, either. Callie parried and darted in distance. Alecto dove forward, the Killing Curse spilling from her mouth. Callie moved in, grabbed her wand arm, and shouted, "Expelliarmus!" Alecto's wand shot from her hand. The Auror followed it up with a binding spell before Alecto could think. She grabbed the Death Eater's wand and snapped it in two, throwing the pieces off the roof for good measure. Spells flashed on the other end of the roof. Amycus had managed to back Sirius up against the edge of the roof. The usually ambidextrous Auror was fighting only with his left hand. His right arm was hanging limply, dripping blood. Callie ran toward them. She conjured ropes and sent them flying for the Death Eater. They struck him in the back, wrapping around his arms, chest, and ankles. He lost his balance. He toppled headfirst. Sirius stepped aside. Amycus bent over the wall and pitched forward. Her heart skipped a beat. She saw Sirius watching, unconcerned, as a human life fell as if in slow motion. Her gut clenched. She dove forward. Her fingers stretched out, wrapping around the last cord of rope. As she felt her body being pulled after the Death Eater, she shouted, "Arresto Momentum!" They stopped falling. "Ascendio!" She dragged Carrow with her as they shot back up, landing roughly on the roof. Sirius quickly stunned Amycus and grabbed Callie's arm, hauling her up. "Are you crazy!?" he demanded. "What the hell was that?" Callie glared at him, nervous, but sure of herself. "We don't kill people," she stated. Sirius blinked. He looked at Amycus, then across the roof at Alecto, who writhed and spat curses. He looked back at Callie like he'd never quite seen her before. He paused. Callie wondered what he was going to say. The casual way he'd stepped aside and let a man fall to his death had startled her. For the first time she wondered if they had different views about what exactly was allowed when defeating Voldemort. After a moment, he nodded. "Quite right, Potter," he affirmed. He cracked a smile. "Azkaban is better for them, anyway." Sirius flicked his wand at Alecto and she soared toward them. Another flick, and she stopped in mid-air. "I'll get this one; you take Tall, Dark, and Handsome." Amycus jerked when Callie grabbed his arm and spat in her face. Callie barely flinched, but Sirius drew his hand up in a sharp motion. Skin connected with skin, and Amycus staggered back a step. "She saved your life!" Sirius barked. "Don't make her regret it." Callie gagged the Death Eater when he tried to answer back. She wiped the spit from her cheek and used her wand to push Amycus back down the long starcase, Sirius and Alecto following behind her.
January 13, 1988 Callie began to understand certain things about Sirius as time progressed. Like how much he loved a good fight, and how annoyed he'd get when the opponent wasn't half-decent. And how he'd crumple the Daily Prophet in his fist when the headline read of more deaths. Sometimes, when he caught sight of danger, he'd go still, alert as a dog that's caught the scent of a rabbit. He was a dangerous man, unpredictable and unrestrained. He was all or nothing, rarely in between two extremes. What he hated, he hated with a fiery passion, quick to consume and unrepentant. What he was indifferent to, he never spared a thought about. But when he cared, he cared fiercely. He poured his whole being into caring for the people he loved. He lived and would gladly die for them. Callie mentioned her observations to James over Christmas. James laughed and confirmed them all. He said Sirius hadn't changed much since Hogwarts, but there was no one else in the world he trusted more, and Sirius had earned that trust time and time again. There was a lull in Death Eater activity following Christmas. Sirius took advantage of the lull in activity to train her on the handling of dark, magical creatures. He obtained permission from Dumbledore to explore the Forbidden Forest. The forest was full of magical creatures. They encountered a heard of centaurs and watched a unicorn graze before nearly getting trampled by a stampede of thestrals. The beasts missed, but Sirius and Callie had to dive into a swamp to avoid being crushed, and came out dripping black ooze. Flinging mud as he shook his robes, Sirius said there was nothing for it, and as the night was freezing anyway, they may as well clean off someplace comfortable. He took her hand and apparated to a small, wooden building in a forest. He unlocked the door with a rusty key and uhered her inside. The place was a mess of files, pictures, and enchanted strings of light crisscrossing the space. Moving pictures of Death Eaters leered at them from the walls, surrounded by scribbled notes in Sirius' elegant writing. A large basin sat in a corner, casting shimmering light on the ceiling above it. Sirius led her through the mess, across the comparatively tidier kitchen, and into a small bathroom. "It's not much," he admitted, "but I use the space from time to time. It's handy in a pinch. You can shower first." He left and returned in a minute with an armful of clothes. "They'll be big, but you'll have to make due while yours dry." Callie thanked him and shut the door. Shaking off her uncomfortable feeling, she quickly disrobed and showered. The water was hot and gloriously relaxing. She let it drum against her shoulders, releasing the tension. She recognized the smell of his soap and shampoo from times when they had to crouch close together on missions. She left the warmth of the water reluctantly, drying off and changing into his too-big pants and shirt. She looked at herself in the mirror, and shrank the clothes just a bit. She towel-dried her hair as she ventured out in search of Sirius. "Sirius?" she called. "I'm out." She found him leaning over the basin in the corner, putting something thread-like and glimmering into the liquid. He glanced up when she called his name again and eyed her up and down, smirking appreciatively. "If I'd known you'd look that good in my clothes, I'd had lent them to you before." She was used to his teasing by now, so she rolled her eyes and changed the subject. "I didn't know you had a Pensieve." Sirius shrugged, disrupting the mud caked to his clothes and hair. "It helps to clear the mind. It's a trick Dumbledore taught me. This one used to belong to my family." He nodded her over, allowing her to peer into the swirling liquid, catching glimpses of memory. "There's one of these in the Auror Office, by the East wall," he explained. "It's encouraged to unload baggage before you go into the field." "Why?" Callie asked. The light cast from the Pensieve made his silver eyes glitter. "The Wizarding community isn't that big," he replied, but she detected a note of heaviness in his otherwise careless tone. "A lot of the people we track down we either know, or they've killed someone we know. It's easier not to carry those thoughts with you when you go to fight them. They just get in the way." Callie watched him as he spoke. Even through the layer of mire, she could see an invisible weight pulling on his features, turning his face into a frown. There was pain in his eyes. "Isn't this like running away?" she asked quietly. "Dumping your memories in here so you don't have to deal with them?" He considered his answer, staring intently into the basin. "This isn't running away," he replied slowly. "It's letting go, temporarily, to prevent ourselves from doing something cowardly. After all," he met her eyes, giving her a meaningful look, "We don't kill people." They stared at each other for a long moment, each reading the other. He looked pained, and a little sad; it unnerved her. He took a step back after a moment and looked down at himself. "I'd better wash this off. Why don't you make us some tea? The kettle's on the stove." She nodded, watching him retreat into the bathroom, locking the door behind him. She stared at the door for a moment, thinking about what he'd said. She wondered what memories he had that could make him kill someone. Her eyes were drawn back to the shimmering basin. Shadows and highlights danced together in its depths. She found herself leaning forward to get a better look. Curiosity trickled through her mind, mingled with guilt and suspicion. She only meant to have a closer look, she promised herself. She didn't mean to touch it. The tip of her nose grazed the liquid. She tilted forward and fell into the pool before she could stop herself. Colors flashed around her, slowly materializing into a dark hallway with a staircase to the side. She shook her head, trying to get her bearings. Voices cried from somewhere upstairs. "Abhorrence!" It was a woman's voice, screeching at the top of her lungs. Glass shattered above her. Callie cautiously stepped toward the stairs to investigate. A cry of, "Blood traitor!" met her as her foot touched the first step. Something banged loudly. A door upstairs splintered. A figure fell through the broken pieces, leaving droplets of blood hanging in the air. He crashed into the opposite wall. "Filth! Repulsion!" He took a step toward the stairs, staggered, fell to his knees, and got up again. "Shame of my flesh!" He reached the stairs. "GET OUT!" The figure obliged. He staggered down the stairs toward Callie, tripping over himself in his haste. One arm shielded his face, drops of blood trailing behind him. Hexes and curses followed, blasting pictures and shrunken heads from the wall. Callie flattened herself against the wall to let him pass. As he did, she distinctly saw the sharp, angry eyes of her partner beneath smears of blood. Sirius reached the door, tore it open, and disappeared into the night. Scarcely a second after, a tall, sharp-featured woman barreled down the stairs, mouth twisted in a snarl. She screamed obscenities out of the open door, and wasn't half done when the setting blurred and melted. Another scene took its place. Callie recognized the location as the last cabin on the Hogwarts Express. A red-haired girl lay on the floor, bruises and burns on her exposed skin. In front of her stood a cold seventeen-year-old Sirius, wand pointed at three students wearing Slytherin green. His snarl resembled his mother's. His hex was deflected, and his wand flew from his hand. He stood unmoving in front of Lily, unarmed and defenseless, using his body to shield her. Three voices shouted, "Crucio!" Sirius fell to his knees. A blood-curdling scream tore from his throat. The spell released and he knelt, panting, on the floor, still protecting Lily. He looked up; his eyes froze as he saw something behind the three students torturing him. Callie followed his gaze. A boy stood behind her, with Sirius' black hair framing his grey eyes. His eyes met Sirius'. For a moment, he seemed ready to help. But he stopped. He turned. He walked away. "Reg-!" Sirius' shout for his brother was cut off by another round of Unforgivable Curses. The episode turned to mist as three boys tore down the hall and let loose a volley of stinging hexes on the attackers. The landscape shifted to form massive stone walls. She spotted Sirius, roughly twenty, chained to the wall. His robes were torn and his flesh was marred. His eyes were wide with horror, staring at the broken form of his best friend. He strained against the chains and screamed. A woman with knotted black hair and a crooked wand stood over James, shouting curses, making James scream and writhe in agony. Callie felt a stab of panic. Forgetting that this was only a memory, she darted forward. Her disarming spell shot straight through Bellatrix Lestrange. No one paid her any attention. She tried to physically stop Bellatrix, but her hands passed through the woman's arm just as her spell had. She was helpless. "Bellatrix, stop this!" She recognized the voice and turned to see Remus. He was chained to the wall, struggling against the restraints. Blood trickled down his arms from the cuts the shackles had made. Bellatrix turned and fixed her heavily lidded eyes on him. She discarded James and advanced on Remus. Sirius fought harder to escape. He strained and cursed and swore vengeance, but it just made the Death Eater laugh. She grabbed Remus by the hair and jerked his head up. The tip of her wand dug into his neck. She turned and glared at Sirius. "My poor, weak cousin," she simpered. "You of all people should know the price of defying the Dark Lord. Crucio!" Remus screamed. His body twitched and writhed. Sirius growled from somewhere deep in his throat. "Let him go, Bellatrix!" he begged. He swore harshly. "For the love of God, let him go!" Bellatrix cackled, releasing the curse. Remus hung limp, panting, wincing. "God?" she mocked. "Dear Sirius, not even he can help them now. Soon you'll die, but I'll make you watch them die first." She shouted another curse Callie didn't recognize. Great, bloody gashes appeared in Remus' chest. Sirius strained harder, but it did no good. Callie felt a firm grip on her arm. She turned quickly to see another, older Sirius beside her. He glanced around them before fixing her with a cold look. With a sharp tug, he dragged her out of the Pensieve and back into the present. Callie reeled back. Her back hit the wall. She leaned against it, breathing hard, fighting to slow her heart rate. Her gaze snapped from the Pensieve to Sirius. He was staring at her, arms crossed, brimming with cold fury. She waited for him to shout or storm out or do anything. Minutes went by. Neither of them spoke. Finally, Sirius sighed. He grabbed a black drape from the floor and tossed it over the bowl, blocking out the dancing light. He ran a hand through his wet hair and sighed again. "Still think I'm running away?" Callie shook her head mutely. "I… I'm sorry. I shouldn't have-" Sirius held up his hand to stop her. "It's my own fault. I should have known better than to leave you in the same room as that thing." He paused. "You just saw your brother get tortured. Are you alright?" She tried to reply, but couldn't, so she settled for nodding. Her knees trembled. James' suffering wasn't the only thing that made her stomach churn. She could remember a bloodied, pale Sirius staggering into her home when she was ten, but she'd accepted her parents' half-hearted explanation that he'd just tripped. She'd known his family was horrible, she'd even seen one of them arrested, but she'd never given it much thought. So many things that hadn't made sense about him fell into place. She understood why she'd never seen anyone but James, Remus, Peter, and Lily touch him without him tensing. She understood why he never really talked much about his family. And she understood what must have made him like this, what made him hate the Death Eaters so much. He took a step toward her, brows furrowed in concerned. "You're pale. Do you need to sit down?" It was impulsive, she knew, but she hated what he'd gone through and she hated how alone he must feel. She reached forward and hugged him tightly. Sirius stiffened but she didn't let go. She felt his muscles slowly soften through his thin shirt. His arms wrapped around her back and he gave her a gentle squeeze. "Merlin's beard," he chuckled, "I'm alright. Really." Callie shook her head. "No, you're not," she said. "Sirius, it's okay. It's okay to not be okay." He stiffened again and she knew he didn't really believe her. But he sighed and hugged her just a little tighter. They stayed like that for a while. Sirius rubbed the back of his neck after they stepped away from each other. "Well, it's late," he said. "I think I have something to eat in the kitchen. After that, we should get some sleep." He backed away and pointed to the right. "The bedroom's down there. You're welcome to it; I'll take the couch." They busied themselves with finding enough edible things to make a decent meal out of. They ate together in a companionable, albeit slightly awkward silence. The Pensieve sat in the corner, covered up, out of sight but not out of mind. Callie cleared the table and washed the dishes while Sirius made up the couch. He told her where he kept his clothes, saying she could wear one of his shirts to bed if she wanted. She turned to go. "Callie," he said, stopping her. She turned and looked at him. He hesitated for a moment before steeling himself and looking into her eyes. "Thank you." She wasn't quite sure what he was thanking her for, but she nodded and smiled. "Goodnight, Sirius." He smiled back. "Goodnight."
