A/N: Welcome to my first attempt at writing Fanfiction. i have been reading fanfics for years but never felt the need to write my own until now. the idea for this story gripped me from the beginning and it has not let me go since. so here we are. So far i have written upto chapter 12, i am about 15,000 words in and the story is really only at the beginning still, so expect a relatively slow burn. There will be an eventual relationship between Hermione and Sirius, and there will be a pretty sizeable age gap too, so if that is not your thing, or it bothers you... Disclaimer: i do not own any of the characters, i just make them dance to my tune. thats all from me. thanks for joining me on this ride. see you at the bottom :) Chapter one 20th December 2004 Hermione Granger sat huddled on the cold stone floor of the restricted section, in the library, in the dark with her lit wand between her teeth, flipping through the large book she had found. She briefly wondered to herself what she was doing there, at 2 in the morning, in the dark, alone, on a Friday night. 'I know someone's there, I can see the light, should 'ave been more careful, you're in for it now' came the wheezing voice of Filch through the stacks of bookshelves that surrounded her. His Sudden voice didn't strike the same fear as it did in her youth, she was a professor now she could do what she wanted. Predictably the cat was the first one round the corner, a smug expression on its face if that was possible, fleetingly Hermione wondered how the bloody cat was still alive, it was so old, but she simply looked up and then carried on with her search. 'Ah ha' Filch said with gusto Hermione took the wand from between her teeth and answered lazily 'can I help you?' 'Oh sorry Professor Granger, I thought you were a student' Filch looked put out that he had clearly been tricked into getting his hopes up 'Well as you can see I am not, so if there's nothing else I really should be getting on, goodnight' she stood up, put the book under her arm and marched for the exit, lit wand in hand guiding the way as she strode past the rumpled caretaker. As she made her way back to her quarters, through the deserted corridors of Hogwarts, she remembered fondly, sneaking through the same corridors under Harry's cloak, and suddenly she missed her friend. Arriving at her room, she touched her wand to a particular section of the wall and her door appeared. She walked through closing the door behind her and placing the book on top of a stack of books on the coffee table she had in the corner by her armchair. The stack wobbled ominously but the weight of the book seemed to calm the wobble and it stilled. Sure that it was not going to topple she lit the fireplace to warm the room and got back into bed. She felt foolish for letting the dream she had had disturb her to the point of finding the book she had dreamt about in the library, but she had, and she found the book. She could look through it tomorrow. Perhaps part of the nostalgia she had felt in the corridors was because she was alone at Hogwarts during the Christmas holidays, she was alone all the time. A wave of melancholy swept though her and she closed her eyes. She would think about it in the morning. 27th December 2004 As it happened, she didn't think about it in the morning, or all of the next day, in fact she didn't think about her dream and her impromptu jaunt around the castle in the wee hours, until a week later when she accidentally knocked the pile of books off of her coffee table. Christmas had come and gone with little fanfare. She had a letter from Neville wishing her a happy Christmas and encouraging her to stop by sometime before lessons recommenced if she wanted to, get out of Hogwarts for a while, but that he would see her next term if not. She responded returning the sentiment but stating she had a lot to catch up on during the holidays so she would see him next year. He knew she would not come, but he always offered anyway. He was a good friend. The stack of books fell to the floor with a loud thud, she had known that would happen at some point. She had a bad habit of just piling up the books she had recently read, rather than putting them away, it was normally when they fell over that she knew it was time to tidy them back into her bookcase. She began picking up the books that had fallen, silently estimating that it must have been a few weeks since she had had her last cleaning spree and decided that she needed to have another. 'Accio' she held her had out as her wand flew from it's place on her bedside table, straight into her open palm. With a wave of her wand the books lifted into the air and began to float gently along to the bookcase on the other side of the room. All except the book she had taken from the restricted section of the library. It floated up from the floor like the rest of the books that had fallen, but as soon as it was high enough off the ground, it slammed down onto the top of the coffee table with an almighty thud. Hermione was so shocked by the sudden noise, her momentary lapse in concentration caused all of the other books to drop to the floor. Gathering her wits once more, she waved her wand again and the books, which were now in a neat line on the floor leading to her book shelves, floated into the air and continued on with their journey. The book from the library however, remained unmoved on the table. Curious. When the last of the books was in the proper place, she aimed her wand directly at the large tome on the table, nothing happened, she had long since mastered the art of wordless, and wandless magic for that matter, but nothing happened. 'Accio book' she said, nothing happened "Wingardium leviosa" nothing happened, she didn't understand what was going on, it was like magic didn't affect the book. But that couldn't be right, could it? It lifted from the floor when she first began tidying up. So what was going on. How can a book choose when to be affected by magic and when not to? She walked cautiously over to the large book that had caused such a stir, and sat down in her armchair. She laid her wand on the table and picked up the book, bringing it into her lap as she sat back. There was nothing particularly special or noteworthy about the book, it was leather bound, it was large, it was old. It didn't seem to have anything she found of particular interest during her cursory search in the library last week. If she hadn't had a dream about the book she doubted she would have ever found the need to even look at it. She had had a dream about the book. She had had a dream about a book that she had never seen before, and found it in the exact place she had seen in it to be her dream. Hermione tried for a moment to remember the details of the dream, it was like trying to hold sand in her fist, the details would not more she concentrated, the more they seemed to slip away The only thing she remembered with any kind of clarity was that she had dreamt that she went to find this book in the restricted section of the library, that there was a spell she needed but she couldn't remember which spell now that she was awake. All she knew was that she had woken up suddenly with the irresistible need to find the very book she was holding. It was like the book had called her to itself. She couldn't even tell what it was called, the cover was so worn out. There didn't seem to be a title page to speak of. She was baffled. Thankfully there was still one more week left of the Christmas holidays and she had already finished all of the grading and preparation she needed to do for the term ahead. So she had time to spare. How she wished she could speak to Remus about this, he would have found it fascinating. But she couldn't. She couldn't speak to anyone about this. They had won the war, but the cost had been great. Harry, Remus, Tonks, Ginny, Mr Weasley, Fred. All died during the final battle. Sirius, Moody, Dumbledore had died before the final battle but they were at war, they had to carry on. So many lives lost, so many other lives destroyed by their losses. George couldn't cope without Fred and ended up in St Mungos. Mrs Weasley stopped leaving the house altogether, except to visit George. Ron just collapsed in on himself, the pressure of trying to hold it together for everyone she supposed. She was the only one left. Her parents hadn't died but they might as well have. They could reverse her obliviation of them, she had researched how to do it herself, she had asked experts at the ministry, but nothing could be done. Hermione sat back in the chair, book in her lap as she composed herself. She hated letting herself think about those she had lost. She kept their memory alive by living her life. She lived for them too. A/N: i hope you enjoyed the first chapter, as I said at the top I have written up to chapter 12 so far. I plan on posting on a 3 chapter per week schedule (more than likely all at once) until i have finished writing everything, and then i will up that amount of chapters per week depending on how many chapters are left.
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. Chapter Two 31st December 2004 Hermione had read the book, which for some reason she had taken to calling Teddy, mainly because she couldn't find the title, but mostly because she found strange comfort in the book when she was reading it. Like a security blanket or a beloved teddy bear. Hence the name. Of course she would not tell anyone else that, but in her mind it was Teddy. She had read Teddy from cover the cover, and was not any the wiser as to the purpose of the book or why she had dreamt about it. It seems to be a compendium of relatively useless, little known spells with no common thread, except that they were all old and seemingly hand-written. It was like a book of spells that could be useful if they were a bit different, but weren't so they were useless. She fleetingly thought that perhaps this was someones notebook once upon a time, never meant to be seen by anyone else, but it was old so obviously someone had saved it at some point and stuck it in the library thinking it to be of value. There was one spell that she though might be useful for her History of Magic class as it could send the user back to observe history. She had immediately thought of a class outing to actually see some of the events her students were learning about, but that had proved to be quite useless as well, as it could only send the user back as far as they were born but no further, she couldn't use that, as the only event the took place within the lifetime of her students was the second Wizarding war. Having lived through it once, she had no desire to watch it happen it again however briefly. The other drawback was a safety measure that did not allow you to interact with or observe anyone who knows you now or has anything to do with your future self. If you came into contact with anything relating directly to your timeline you would be immediately pulled back to the present. Well most if not all of her students had family who had fought in the war so that would be no good. No sooner would they get there, than they would be sent back. For some reason though she could not get that spell out of her head. She had not dreamt about the book since it had been in her possession, but she was fairly sure that this was the spell that she had been looking for in her dream. She just could not figure out why. Today was the last free day of her Christmas holiday, the students would be arriving back tomorrow and lessons would start back again the day after that. It was New Year's Eve, It was 2005 tomorrow. Ten years nearly since Sirius died. She thought of him all the time recently. When he was alive she had thought that we has immature, impulsive and a bit brash if she was being honest, but since Harry had left her Grimmauld place in his will, she felt like she had a new appreciation for what he had been put through. She had been clearing out the house one day and had come across a stack of letters written by Sirius to Remus, she had felt bad for reading them, but she wanted to remember her friends, and had given in to the temptation. It was heartbreaking, the loneliness that came across in his letters. They were mainly from his time on the run after Azkaban, but some during his confinement to Grimmauld place too. She had thought that he was immature and impulsive, but she had been a child at the time. Now looking back with adult eyes she could see him more clearly for what he really was. And she mourned him and the life he had had stolen from him twice. She needed to go and check on Grimmauld place, even though she didn't want to live there yet, she was not sure she ever would want to either, it had been left to her by Harry, and she didn't want to dishonour his memory by treating the place badly. So she went once in a while to clean and check that everything was in order. Putting her wand through her tied up hair, she grabbed her beaded bag and some flow powder and disappeared through the fireplace in her quarters. Arriving nearly immediately at Grimmauld and cautiously making her way from the floo into the house. The year spent on the Horcrux search had taught her to be on her guard at all times. She had relaxed somewhat in recent years, not living under the threat of imminent death all the times helped, but it still sprang up occasionally. She didn't draw her wand from her hair, she merely listened for anything out of the ordinary. The old house creaked, but she was used to the noises old houses made, Hogwarts was similar. She was listening for sounds of movement. Hearing nothing, she relaxed and made her way out of the drawing room down the stairs to the kitchen. The kitchen was dusty. She held up her wand and the dust that had been laying like a blanket on every surface vanished. She wandered over to the kettle and opened the lid. Another wordless spell and water began to flow from the tip of her wand filling the kettle, she replaced the lid and tapped the side and the kettle started to heat itself. She loved magic, even after all this time she still got a thrill when doing simple things with magic instead of the muggle way. She knew no one had been in the house since the last time she was here. It was only connected to the floo in her quarters at school now, she had cut off access to anywhere else after the war. She had also made it unplottable as she knew she wouldn't be living in it for long. Once the school had been rebuilt she left through the fireplace only returning to do a cursory tidy and clean once in a while. When the kettle had finished boiling, she removed a cup from the cupboard and summoned a teabag from her beaded bag and put it in the cup. She had peppermint tea today. She poured the water into the cup and sat down the nearest chair. It all looked just the same, if she tried she could still see everyone sitting round the long kitchen table laughing as Remus and Sirius regaled the younger ones with tales from their youth, Mrs Weasley making dinner by the stove, tutting disapprovingly if she thought the story being told was inappropriate for young ears and Mr Weasley sitting at the other end of the table fiddling with something muggle he was trying to modify with magic. It made her sad to think about. But happy too in a way. She didn't appreciate it at the time, but more than once she had used the pensive the Dumbledore had given her before his death, to look at her fondest memories and relive them. That was another reason that spell had interested her, if she was being honest with herself. The idea that you could go back and see your memories being made. But, she thought, she understood now why the creator of the spell written in so many failsafes. She was not sure if she would be able to look at this particular memory without trying to warn Sirius that in 6 short months he would fall though the veil, or that most of them present would fall in the final battle. She wiped the tear that had fallen onto her cheek and finished her tea. She cleaned the cup and put it back in the cupboard. A small cabinet on its own in the corner caught her eye. Kreacher's cupboard. When Harry died she had become his mistress. That was not something she wanted so she had given him the choice of what he wanted to do, but that staying there was not an option. He had decided to go to Dumstrung so she had permanently loaned him to the school. She was glad he had not decided to go to Hogwarts, for as much as she wanted to give the rotten old elf his own choice she was happy not not have to see him again. She opened his cupboard door. And wondered why she had not thought to clean the cupboard out before now. The elf would not be returning here, she had made sure of that when she handed him over the the headmaster at Dumstrung, she could tell he did not like dealing with her, as she was Muggle born but Hermione didn't let things like that bother her these days. Looking inside Kreacher's messy cupboard she pulled her wand out of her hair and waved it in the general direction of the mass of blankets the little elf had called home and they disappeared with without a fuss. She noticed a large book was the only thing left in the cupboard now. Though the musty smell lingered, the space was now clean at least. She reached into the cupboard to retrieve the book. It was heavy. She hefted it into her arms and put if as quickly as she could on the table. She re took her seat and moved it in front of her. Natures Nobility, she noted the title, she had heard about this book but had no interest in it herself. It did not surprise her that Kreacher had the Black family copy in his possession, but she was surprised he had chosen not to take it with him when he left, he had obviously cared for it as it was in his bed. She had thought that silly, it was only a book, but her brain quickly supplied that she herself had been finding great comfort in a book recently. She felt bad for a second but shook it off She noticed when she opened the front cover of the book that a place had been marked with a rather bulky object as it was making the pages lay in an odd way. She turned to the marked page, unsurprisingly it was the Black family page. It had a smaller version of the family tree tapestry in the drawing room, except there was no way to blast anyone off of the pages of the book like had been done to Sirius when he was a teenager on the tapestry. The bulky object was the fake locket Harry had found with Dumbledore, the little thief must have pilfered it away when no-one was paying attention. Her eye was drawn to Sirius name at the bottom of the page, his date of birth and death written clearly below his name, she ran her finger over it tenderly, trying not to let his death date affect her so much. She noticed that next to Sirius name was Regulus Black, another loss, she wished that Sirius had known that his brother had been brave and tried to do something good before he died. She wish that they could have found out about the Horcrux he had found and told Kreacher to destroy before Sirius had died. She felt like it might have brought some comfort to him, knowing his brother had chosen the right side in the end, even if it meant his death. She remembered the note that had been found inside the fake locket, she opened the locket that lay discarded on the table next to her, the note had long since been lost, or perhaps Kreacher took the note with him? She remembered roughly what was written. Clearly Regulus had known he was going to die, but he did what he did anyway. He was truly brave. She noted Regulus' date of death below his name and froze. And idea forming in her mind. It was a wild, reckless crazy idea. She shrank the book and put it into her beaded bag and picked up the locket, and ran for the floo. She needed to get back to her book, she needed to read the section that talked about that spell. She had an idea. A/N: So what did you think? comments are appreciated :)
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. or the Harry Potter Universe. Chapter Three 31st December 2004 Hermione emerged flustered from her fireplace at Hogwarts and dumped her bag and the locket down on the bigger table in her quarters, she needed the space of the bigger table. She took her wand from her har and transfigured an dining room chair into a more comfortable armchair. She suspected she would be here for the rest of the night. She brought the spell book over to the table and set it down. She opened her beaded bag and found Nature's Nobility and re sized it to its proper size, and them moved it aside. She sat in her transfigured chair and opened Teddy to the page she had marked with the spell she needed. She conjured a muggle notebook and biro, she didn't want to risk an ink pot spilling over her book and ruining plan before she really had a chance to formulate it. She quickly wrote out her idea in case she forgot any part of it. Next she wrote out a list of supplies. She knew that it was going to be a big project, gathering the supplies alone would be time consuming. One of the reasons this particular spell was so unusual was that before you even got to the actual spell, which seemed relatively simple, beyond N.E.W.T level but that was more because you needed to be fully developed in your magic to perform the spell rather than difficulty. What was unusual was the pages upon pages of failsafe measures that had been written in. The perimeters of the spell were so precise that there was no wiggle room whatsoever. She could not break any of the rules or she would be yanked back to the present immediately and without warning. She read carefully all of the limits on this spell. You could only go back as far as you were born, so you could only see events which happened during your life time. You could not visit any event that happened to you directly. If you did and managed to inadvertently change something the consequences could be catastrophic. It was for this reason if you saw anyone who knows you now or knew you then you would be removed form the situation and brought back to the present. So she could not interact with anyone she had ever met, or anyone who would meet her. If you manage to change something in the past pertaining to your future you would cease to exist in the way you do now so you would just disappear entirely. The version of yourself that is living at that time would simply live out the alternative future you created. You could only be in the past for a maximum period of 12 hours as the spell was only designed as a day trip to the past, for the purpose of observing history and nothing more. You would be moved in time only, but not space. You had to be in the exact place the event you wanted to see took place before you activated the spell to send you into the past. She could see why the spell had never gained any popularity. You could only use the spell once. The other rules were more things you should't do not things you couldn't do. One thing was clear. It was possible to change the events of the past, but in reality you could only change one thing on one day. She had to choose the thing she would change carefully, as there would be consequences beyond her wildest imaginings. Her idea was wild because it would change the past and therefore change the future she was living in now. It was reckless because she knew that if it worked she would just vanish as if she had never existed at all. She was going to change one thing that could change everything. She thought about trying to modify the spell, but there were layers and layers of failsafe measures she would have to break down first and then re work to suit her purposes, she had no doubt that she could do it, as a last resort but it would take years of work. No, She knew exactly the event she was going to change. An event that took place the day after she was born according to Natures Nobility. She was going to stop Regulus Black from dying in that cave. A/N : depending on how much i get written today, there might be another update coming your way. Reviews and comments are greatly appreciated. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters involved in this story. A/N: So its a little earlier that I had planned to release another chapter yet, but my friend has started reading this story and demanded another chapter. So here it is... Chapter 4 9th January 2005 The first week of teaching after the holidays was always tough, it took the students a while to get over the excitement that the break from school and Christmas brought with it. They had settled back into their routine by the end of the week and the next week would be much easier, although History of Magic was never really a widely popular subject, so there was a certain amount of wrangling that needed to be done on a fairly regular basis to draw the students attention back to the subject at hand. Now though, was the start of the weekend, and she breathed a sigh of relief. It was not only the students whose attentions had been divided this week. She had had trouble concentrating on anything other than her plan and had to consciously force her mind not to drift to the book in her quarters or the box with with undetectable extension charm she had begun to fill. As Hermione made her way back to her quarters after the start of term feast, she thought about how Headmistress McGonagall's welcome back speech was short and to the point, without the flare for the dramatic she remembered from Dumbledore's speeches when she was a student. She couldn't help but think, somewhat regretfully that her childhood would change. Although the threat of war was looming for most of her Hogwarts experience, she had fun and made good friends. That would all change, would she even be friends with Harry and Ron, would Harry and Ron even be friends, her plan was going to risk everything she had known and loved about her own childhood, but it was worth it she was sure. Hermione was rushing back to her quarters as quickly as she could without running the whole way there, because she had had another idea while the headmistress was speaking. McGonagall had mentioned looking back at memories and what we could learn from them, she mentioned saying things that needed to be said immediately, rather than waiting as you never knew when the opportunity would be taken from you. A concern she had been battling, over the last week was the time constraints, she could only be there for a maximum of 12 hours. She had to set her exact arrival time into the spell as she cast it, she knew that she would have to summon Kreacher at some point to ask him about the exact time that Regulus arrived on the dingy little island in the middle of the sea, and the exact time Kreacher was sent back with the Horcrux, as in order to have the maximum amount of time to rescue Regulus, but avoid seeing Kreacher and being sent straight back to the present with the events unchanged, she would have to speak to the little wretch face to face. At dinner she suddenly had the thought that Kreacher was old, what if he died before she had a chance go get the information she needed from him. Her whole plan hinged on timings. She needed to know now. She got back to her quarters and immediately shouted "Kreacher" With a loud pop the elf appeared before her, obviously disgruntled about being disturbed by his mistress when she had said she would leave him be. 'Mistress called' Kreacher grumbled Hermione could tell that her order to never use the word Mudblood again in any form was really grating on him and she smiled inwardly. "Yes, I'm sorry to disturb you when I told you I would try not to, but you have information that I need, and you will tell me the truth, is that understood' "Yes Mistress" Kreacher ground out through his teeth 'Now, I need you to tell me the exact time as far as you know it, that you took Regulus to the island with the locket on September 20th 1979, and I need to know the exact time that you left him there' Hermione asked sternly Kreacher started to wail and mumbled out some words incoherently "Kreacher stop crying and speak clearly" Kreacher stopped immediately and glared at her "I said I took him to that dark island at 12 minutes past 2 in the aftermnoon, and Regulus ordered me to return home at at 4 minutes past 3' Kreacher said morosely Hermione was not surprised that he had remembered these details, she knew that he had loved Regulus. "Ok, thank you, I need you to tell me exactly what happened and what you remember of the magic that was around the Island, wards and such please " Kreacher looked suspiciously at her but he knew he had to tell her everything he knew even if he didn't want to help her. 'There were wards there that stop wizards from being able to do magic when they are inside them, stop them apperating in or out, that was why Master Regulus needed Kreacher to take him, Master Regulus said they made his magic not work right, made his brain not think right. Master ordered Kreacher to leave as soon as the potion was gone, he ordered Kreacher to take the locket and leave him there before we even got to the cave. Master said he could feel a sort of fog starting to affect him once we got past the wards at the edge of the cave, Kreacher wanted to leave immediately but Master told Kreacher he could only leave once he was holding the locket' Kreacher said with big tears rolling down his wrinkled cheeks. Hermione could feel herself welling up with tears as Kreacher told his story, and getting more and more emotional as he went. Hermione had a strange urge to hug the poor creature but decided against it. 'Did you try to save Regulus once the potion was finished, did you try to take him with you?' Hermione asked carefully 'Kreacher tried, but master shouted for him to go, Kreacher tried to get his hand but Master was very sick, master shouted 'leave me, go now' and Kreacher had to leave.' Kreacher said quietly "Ok Kreacher, thank you, I will stop talking about it now, I have the information I need. You must not talk about what I have asked you to anyone at all except me, is that clear." "Yes Mistress' Kreacher said despondently 'I will need to summon you one more time, it will not be for a few months, but I promise that will be that last time you have to see me. You may go now" "Yes Mistress' Kreacher disappeared with a softer pop than he arrived with. Hermione felt sorry for the old elf, it seemed that the years away from her had not softened his disposition, but he obviously still felt guilty for Regulus death. She made a note of the times Kreacher had given her in her notebook, and sat in the armchair by the fireplace to think. She needed to set the spell for her to arrive at 5 minutes past 3, but in order to save Regulus before the Inferi got to him she would have to move fast. The other thought she had, was to do with memories. Part of the reason she had started to pack a box with an undetectable extension charm placed upon it was to be able to give Regulus information about what she knew of the future. She was planning on giving a written account of the war and the major events that were going to take place so that Regulus could warn Dumbledore about them. She has since thought better of that aspect of the plan, however, not because she was not going to warn anyone about the events of the past, because she was, she was just going to go about it in a different way. She was not going to have Regulus tell Dumbledore anything. Her plan was growing to be much bigger than just saving Regulus, she had to get him onboard of course, but she thought that if he had been willing to sacrifice his life to go after the Horcrux in the first place, he might be willing to help her once he had been saved. She had gone through the trunk of things belonging to her parents, in search of two items in particular. One was a tittle deed to a small cabin in the middle of the peak district, the other was her mothers diary from the year she was born. She had found both. She needed to know when her parents finished building the cabin, she knew that is was around the time she was born and that she had spent her first Christmas there. As it had been her first Christmas all of the events were well documented in her mother's diary, with detailed accounts, including dates of her trips out of the family home from the moment she was born until the new year, when a new diary had been started. Her mothers diary from 1979 sat beside her on the coffee table, she didn't really need the title deed as it turned out, her mother had talked endlessly about how the cabin was now built and decorated and fully furnished just in time for her birth. This was good news. The first part of her plan was to save Regulus, but in order for her plan to work he needed to stay hidden. People needed to assume he had gone missing rather than died, Natures nobility would obviously not show a death date and if Kreacher had it in his cupboard in 1979 he would want to know what had happened, but that was the least of her worries at this point. A/N: i should think the next update will be coming your way by the end of the week. ;)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Characters in this story. A/N: I got 17 follows for this story yesterday. I am so happy people like it. so I decided to celebrate by releasing another chapter. Chapter 5 June 1997 Hermione could not believe the nerve of Ronald, how dare he just leave them. She let out an annoyed huff and heard a laugh from across the magically enlarged tent. 'Stop thinking about it 'mione, it was his choice to come, and it was his choice to leave, now come over here for a minute, I need your help' Harry said distracting her from her ire. It had been a few days since Ron had stormed out, after a petty argument, I mean they were all annoyed with their lack of progress, they were all hungry, they all missed their family, at least Ron had a family, Harry didn't have anyone, and her family was not something she wanted to think about. At least Ron had a family who knew him. He was better off with them anyway she thought scathingly. 'What did you want help with' Hermione said moving the chair next to Harry, closer to him so she could see the parchment he was holding. 'I'm trying to make a will, I was thinking that since Sirius left me everything of his, along with what my parents left me, if anything happened to me, the ministry would love to just take everything, they probably want me to die just to get their greedy hands on it!' "I never really thought about doing something like this, but its not like we could walk into the ministry to file it, is it, we're meant to stay hidden' she said 'Thats true, but I feel better having one, just in case you know' Harry said gently He knew that Hermione didn't like to think about losing anyone else, they had all lost too much already. 'I don't know anything about leaving a will in the wizarding world, you know more about that than me' Hermione mumbled "I know that, but I am going to leave everything to you if something should happen' 'What, Harry you can't do that, why would you do that' Hermione protested 'Because you're my sister, because you've always been there for me, and because I think Sirius would get a kick out of all his family's stuff ending up with a muggle born' Harry laughed Hermione grinned knowing he was right, Sirius would find that hilarious. 17th February 2005 Hermione woke with a start. Tears streaming down her cheeks Ever since she had started to think about changing things, she had been having dreams about things she hope to change. She hoped that Harry would not have to leave her. She hoped that she wouldn't have to lose everyone she ever loved. Hermione looked at her muggle watch, the last birthday gift her parents had given her. It was a quarter to four in the morning, but she knew she couldn't go back to sleep. She thought about her dream, it was a memory really, she never thought for a second at the time that the will would be needed. She new war was dangerous of course, they all knew the risks they were taking, but the arrogance of youth never really lets you think of the consequences at the time. She thought that they would win the war and everyone would move on with their lives, Voldemort would be dead, and everyone would just be happy and move on. She was young then. Naive in her attitude to the aftermath of war. She was shocked when about a month after the final battle, a goblin from Gringotts appeared out of nowhere in front of her while she was having her morning cup of tea in the Kitchen at Grimmauld place. Having never inherited anything before, and certainly not from anyone in the wizarding world, she was shocked when the goblin informed her that she was the sole beneficiary of the last will and testament of one Harry James Potter, and handed her 2 keys. Told her to make her way to Gringotts as soon as possible and then just disappeared. So shocked was she, that she didn't realise that she sat stock still for the better part of half an hour before she shook herself from her musings and made a move to get dressed. She now had somewhere to be it appeared. At Gringotts, she had been informed by a very brash goblin that at some point, between the night when he had made the will, and the final battle, Harry had obviously managed to officially make her his beneficiary. She speculated that it could have been whilst she was recovering from her ordeal with Bellatrix, as she had drifted in and out of consciousness for sometime. But as she was not aware that it had happened at all she could not say for sure. One of the Keys she had been given had been for the Potter vault, the other Key she now knew was for the Black family vault. When she questioned her entitlement to the Black property and vault she was informed that all members of the Black family who could potentially inherit were either in Azkaban or connected to Death Eaters, and the ministry had declared after the war any association with Death Eaters rendered you unable to inherit anything at all. She suspected it was a ploy by the ministry to seize property to which they were not really entitled, but that left her the only eligible one to inherit, and only because she had been written into the will of Sirius Black's only heir. She had immediately requested all objects in the Black vault be tested for curses, and for any cursed items to be removed, until a curse breaker had looked them over. She was a muggle born after all, she wouldn't have put it past anyone in Sirius family to set traps against 'mudbloods'. The goblins had seen this done, immediately and now between the Potters and the Blacks she had more money than she knew what to do with. She had loaned various charities, helping orphaned children, properties and such to house the many new orphans that the war had produced, she had also funded an initiative to help educate muggle born children and their families in the summer before their first year at Hogwarts on the wizarding world, to help them adjust to their new lives. She was sure that this was partly the reason McGonagall had offered her a teaching position at Hogwarts. At 25, she was still quite young to be a professor. Still, she had been relatively happy teaching History of magic, to children whom, for the most part found her subject boring. She herself found it fascinating however. It was her love of history and research that was really becoming useful now. She had decided that, in order to win favour with Regulus, aside from actually saving his life, she would create a timeline for him, of events as she knew them to have taken place. This would obviously become more and more useless, the more things that her plan changed, but it was a start. It also gave him an idea of the consequences should he decide not to help. She had decided not long after the new year that she was not going to be able to give Regulus all of the information that he needed in her short 12 hours in the past, if she ended up having that long at all. She knew she needed to find a way to get him the information, but also get him help. That had brought issues of its own. She knew who could be trusted in the war, as she had obviously been through it, but she did not have any way to communicate with their past selves and get them to trust the newly reformed death eater. Assuming he would want to be any part of her plan at all that is, beyond being the recipient of an unsolicited rescue mission. Maybe he wanted to die? No she couldn't think that way. Still she had decided that she needed failsafes of her own. She had a plan. A/N: Sooo... I hope everyone is enjoying the story so far. I cant seem to stop writing! Please leave me a review, I would love to hear your thought. :)
Disclaimer: I don not own any of the characters in this story Chapter 6 She had a plan. She would need to visit Sirius Vault. She had still not come to think of it as her own yet even after all these years had passed. She remembered seeing something useful to her plan while wandering around her newly acquired Black family vault the first time she had seen it. She walked around the sizeable vault pondering some of the frankly creepy things that had been left after the goblins had cleared it of cursed objects. She had walked past a wooden rack on the wall which held small vials or something, as she got closer she saw that each bottle was labelled with the name of a member of the Black Family. When she was standing right in front of the rack, she knew exactly what she was looking at. Man, pure bloods were weird. It was a rack holding vials of blood. she logically assumed the name on each bottle was the owner of the blood. She was more creeped out than she cared to mention and left the vault soon after. But now she knew she needed to plan another visit. She found she had need of the vials of Sirius and Regulus blood. Her idea was simple, she could make one box for Regulus, and another box for Sirius. She knew that if she could get information to Sirius, not only could she prevent Harry's parents from dying in the first place, she could also stop many of the deaths caused by having a metaphorical and literal rat in the order the first time round. The reason she needed the blood was for her own safely measures, she would seal Regulus box with his blood, meaning if it ever fell into the wrong hands, or even hands that did not belong to Regulus, the box would appear empty, this was also to protect Regulus of course, should anyone catch him with the box, they would not know it contained the secrets of a possible future, she dreaded to think what kind of damage that knowledge could cause in the hands of Voldemort. She gave an unconscious shudder. The box she was making for Sirius would be similarly protected. All they would need to do would be to let a single drop of blood touch any part of their respective boxes and the contents would be revealed to them. She would warn Regulus that the first time either himself or Sirius opened their respective boxes they needed to be alone, preferably in a warded room for extra safely. She knew her decision to not include Dumbledore in her activities in the past was one that would potentially be questioned, but Dumbledore had proved time and time again that his motives were not always as pure and he liked to think they were in her opinion. Valuable things were often overlooked in the name of the greater good. She could not allow that to happen again. Unfortunately or fortunately depending on which way you looked at it, she did not know Regulus. She had seen his room at Grimmauld place though, and she could gather that he was a good student, entanglement with a dark lord not withstanding. His room had various books, non school books which looked as if they had been well read. None of which seem to be about anything pertaining to the dark arts, which pleased her greatly. It was sad that she had never been given the opportunity to get to know him, as she felt that they would get along rather well had circumstances been different. It was fortunate because had she ever met him this whole plan would not work and she would not have the opportunity to right so many of the wrongs of the past. Still, she did not want to make massive amounts of work for the man, even if he would have to be months before he would be able to reach out to Sirius. She regretted that he would need to be alone for so long, but it would be necessary she thought, people needed to think he was missing, and Voldemort, and his followers needed to forget about him if the plan was to work. A/N: We're getting closer :) Don't forget to leave a review ;)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in this story. A/N: Well, things are moving along. I really hope that this chapter is not too hard to follow or boring, it was necessary. Chapter 7 3rd March 2005 Everything was ready as far as she could tell. She had the two boxes, charmed with the undetectable extension charms on both, she also had a small leather satchel which also had an undetectable extension charm on it. She thought that Regulus would most likely not particularly enjoy carrying around her small beaded bag, even if it was useful. So she had procured an more masculine version for him to carry instead. Inside the box for Regulus she had put a copy of the title deed for the cabin her parents owned. Along with the dates that it was going to be empty for the next five years thanks to her mothers near obsessive need to document their movements as a family when she was a child, a practise she still kept up to this day as far as Hermione knew. Hermione hoped that it would not take them 5 years to end the war this time around, but she had given a safe location that was unconnected to anyone who was going to be involved in the war that will have already started for them. She had also managed to procure two portable pensives. She had shrunk the first of them down to fit into the box. The second she had shrunk down and placed inside a package Regulus would need to owl to Sirius after 31st July 1980. The Pensive was the most important object in the boxes, as far as she could tell. And a stroke of genius on her part if she did say so herself. She had struggled with how to give enough information to help with the war effort, and also prove to Regulus that she could be trusted as she didn't know at what point she would cease to exist. She assumed it would be as soon as Regulus decided to help. She had written a letter which would be placed the top of the bag she would leave him with, addressed to him, introducing herself incase she did not get the chance and explaining what she had done and why. Both shrunken boxes would also be placed inside the leather satchel. Her genius idea was related to the pensive. She and Harry had formed the habit of collecting their memories, for posterity she supposed at the time, during the Horcrux hunt of 1997, instead of writing in a diary which could be ready by anyone if they found it, but memories could only be used in a pensive, and that was not the sort of thing one carried around, although as it happened, now that she had finished packing for her trip, she was carrying two. She had created memories addressed to both Sirius and Regulus, by talking to them while watching herself in a mirror so she could see herself. She had then extracted the memories of herself talking and put them into the vials. Placing a blood ward linked to each of them specifically on the stopper of the small bottles. She made sure not to give any proper details, this was only a tool to get Regulus to trust her and to get Sirius to trust Regulus again. This was another reason why she needed Regulus to go into hiding for a while. He would not be able to contact Sirius until the following summer. If she talked about Harry now, Sirius would just think it was a prank he didn't understand. But if he was contacted after 31st July 1980 when harry had been born and he had been made Godfather, he would pay more attention, especially as Regulus, would have no way of knowing any information about Harry let alone that Sirius was made Godfather to the boy. She had also pondered how to give them both all of the memories she had that she felt they would each need without bringing hundreds of tiny bottles. Another stoke of genius struck her. She knew that McGonagall had kept most of Dumbledores bottled memories, and had sorted them after he died, his memories that related only to personal matters she had put onto storage, but the memories which pertained to other individuals or the war in general she has left in the original cabinet they had been stored in. During a feigned bout of nostalgia Hermione had been offered the chance to view Dumbledore memories about Harry, and herself. The headmistress had shown her to her office where the cabinet was and then left her in peace to view which ever memories she chose. Between her own memories, Dumbledores stored memories and the ones she had been given for safekeeping from Harry she was able to collate a well rounded view of the war, and what it would bring for Regulus, and a more personal collection for Sirius. She had deliberately included some of Dumbledores own memories of Sirius, ones she knew would have taken place already, by the summer of 1980 so that Sirius world know she was speaking the truth and this was not some ploy by a death eater to get him captured. She them poured all of the collected memories into her personal pensive and watched them while speaking other bits of information aloud as necessary during the swirling changes of the collected and varied memories she was watching as if she was there. Details of whose memories they were, and what was happening, and why she had included it. That sort of thing. She did this on three separate occasions, one for the memories for Regulus, which only he would be able to view, one for Sirius, that only he could view, and one that could be view by either of them but only after 31st July 1980. She then pulled each of the memories of watching the memories in the pensive with her commentary and placed them into three separate vials and sealed them with her now normal blood wards, restricting access so only the one with the matching blood could get the stopper out of the bottle She had placed an age restriction as well as a blood ward upon the seal of the third vial which prevented any one under the age of 19 viewing it alone, She knew Regulus would not turn 19 until after he had contacted Sirius, but Sirius would be older than that so he would be able to take Regulus into the memories. She placed all of the vials in their proper boxes, and started packing the each box according to the list she had made of things to remember to bring. Sirius' Box was the easiest, she placed both the memories for Sirius to view alone, and the memories he could watch with Regulus. Along with a letter and the destroyed Horcruxes so that they knew what they were looking for. She also included a detailed letter which gave details about her and Harry and her favourite things about him, to break some of the tension that the rest of the letter detailing Peters betrayal and the ensuing chaos would no doubt cause. She wanted him to know that even though bad things happened, the life Harry lead after he got to Hogwarts had some fun times and enough mischief to make the marauder proud. She closed the lid of the box, placed a Sirius specific blood ward on it, wrote his name on it with a muggle biro as ink didn't seem to want to stick after she had warded it, and shrunk it to half the size. She placed Sirius' box inside Regulus' box. In Regulus box she placed the deed to her parents cabin in the peak district, as well as the dates it was going to be vacant for the next five years and detailed instructions on how to get there the first time. She also placed a small package to be owled to Sirius on 31st July 1980 containing her introductory memory for Sirius and the shrunken portable pensive, and a simple letter giving the address of her parents cabin, she sealed the box without the blood ward as Sirius would not know about it yet. she had written his name on the front and the instruction not to open until after 31st July 1980. She had also placed the detailed timeline she had made and a diary of sorts in which she had written out her detailed account of the war, and what she had hoped to accomplish. She also gave details of the spell she was going to use and the effects it may have on her. As she felt she needed to explain how and why the mad woman, who had managed to rescue him when no one knew where he had been going in the first place except Kreacher, had up and vanished into thin air leaving only a bag behind. She wrote Regulus name of the top of that box, warded it and shrank it to fit comfortably in the leather satchel. If that was all the satchel needed to contain she would not have bothered with adding the undetectable extension charm to that. But it wasn't. She added his shrunk down travel pensive to watch the memories she had given him. She knew she was asking Regulus to leave everything he knew there and then, with no chance to go back to his home to gather supplies, so she did it for him. So she had gone back to Grimmauld place on a weekend and packed up nearly all of Regulus clothes that had still been in his room, she refreshed then with a freshening charm and then packed them into a muggle holdall which she shrank down to fit into the satchel. She had also packed a fully stocked mediwitch kit and the magically enlarged tent that they had used when searching for the Horcruxes, which she had shrunk, for him to use as there would be times when the cabin would be in use by her parents with a baby Hermione, and she didn't want him to have nowhere to go. She added a large pouch of galleons too, as even though he would not be able to venture into Wizarding parts of England, hopefully Sirius would join him not long after, and she hope that would mean Remus, James Lily and Harry would join them too. Sirius and Remus would be able to be seen by the wizarding society of Great Britain, so she included the large bag of galleons, she imagined that in 1980 that would go a very long way. When visiting the Potter vault for the last time she had seen a large stack of currently out of circulation Muggle paper money, nearly 2000 worth, which was a stroke of luck too. She bought a wallet and placed the money inside and put it in the front pocket of the satchel. She had added a large bottle of water with a stasis charm so it wouldn't go bad. She had watched the Dumbledore's memory of the effect of the dark potion he had drank in the cave with Harry, and knew that the thirst was nearly unquenchable, but with enough clean water, the fog would begin to clear and he would be able to think clearly again. The last thing she added was her letter to Regulus explaining who she was why she had rescued him and asking him to trust her enough to watch the message she had made for him in the vial attached to the letter. She place it in the very top of the satchel so he couldn't miss it if he opened the bag and she wasn't there to explain. Closing the front flap of the satchel felt strangely anticlimactic, with the months of effort on her part that was held within the simple looking bag, she could not help but silently send up a prayer that her plan would work. A/N: depending on how much i get written tomorrow and Saturday, i might upload another chapter before the end of the weekend. Reviews are the best. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. A/N: Someone left me a really lovely review for the last chapter, but it was anonymous, so i just wanted to say thank you for the review and i hope you enjoy the rest just as much. Chapter 8 5th April 2005 She wasn't really sure why she waited until Hogwarts had finished for the spring term before she put her plan to action. It wasn't the end of the year, so there was no finality to the end of term, and if her plan worked this version of reality would blink out of existence in favour of the new one she hope she would be helping to create, even if she was not actually there herself. She picked up the piece of paper with the spell written on it, written out exactly as she needed to say, in Latin, it with the exact time and date of her arrival in the past written into the spell so she would not risk forgetting anything and messing it up. She only had one shot at this. She folded the slip of paper, and put it in the back pocket of her muggle jeans. She was ready. She fastened her rain coat and put the satchel over her shoulder and across her body, she secured the front flap with a sticking charm so nothing would fall out, placed her wand securely in her tired up hair and called loudly for Kreacher. He arrived with a loud pop. 'Mistress called Kreacher' he stated looking at her suspiciously when he saw her outfit. It was decidedly muggle. She could tell he did not approve. 'Yes I did, I need you to take me somewhere and then leave me there alone' she said shortly leaving no for the elf to argue. "Yes Mistress' he looked at her with a wrinkled eyebrow raised in question 'I need you to take me to the island that you took Regulus to, but not to the cave, I need to be outside of the wards around the cave itself, can you do that?' Hermione asked 'If Mistress is sure then Kreacher will take her to the bad island' Kreacher replied, slightly gleefully. Hermione knew that the elf didn't like her, he would probably glad to be rid of her once and for all. 'I am sure, thank you Kreacher" she wasn't really sure of anything anymore, but she had come too far to turn back now Kreacher grabbed her outstretched hand and whisked her away in the blink of an eye. If the had been sure she could apperate to the island using Harry's memory of it alone, then she would not have called for Kreacher to take her at all, but she not, she didn't know if the wards were still surrounding the island and she didn't want to risk bouncing off one. She knew Kreacher knew where to go, and could get through any wards that might be there. Within seconds she was standing on a narrow pebbled beach looking up at the huge mouth of the cave, she knew form Harry and Dumbledore's memories what had been held in the cave, she could also feel that the wards that had been there were no longer active, linked to Voldemort's final death she assumed "Thank you Kreacher, you may go back now" Hermione said to the elf. He said nothing in response, simply looked up at her and vanished. Well that was that, she thought. Looking back at the cave she needed to find out how far she had to go into the mouth of the cave before she was able see the small raised island within. She counted five paces inside the mouth of the cave before she had a direct view of the island with the large stone basin. She needed a direct view. She could only hope that the wards would be weakened with the removal of the real Horcrux, as she didn't remember Harry saying he had any issues with performing magic whilst inside them. Of course it had been over 15 years since the wards had been placed when Harry had been here, they could have just weakened over time, but they would still be relatively new when she went back. She sighed, there was nothing to be done for that now, she should have thought of a way to rescue Regulus without magic, but she had tried, there was no there way that she could see. She had to have faith that this would work. If it didn't she would simply spend 12 hours watching Regulus die and return to her own time. The though sent a cold chill down her spine. She could not let that happen. Hermione moved from the mouth of the cave and around the side, in case Kreacher had got the time wrong and was still there when she arrived. Strangely she trusted that he had told the truth, but he could have remembered the exact time incorrectly. She could not risk Kreacher seeing her or vice versa and sending her back to the future. Taking her wand from her hair and the slip of paper from her back pocket, she gathered her wits, and read through the spell in her head for the last time before saying it out loud. It was nothing special really she thought, certainly not the most eloquent spell she had ever read but it could change everything. A/N: Next chapter is going to be up really soon, before tomorrow at least. i love hearing what people think about my story, so please leave reviews. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in this story. A/N: I apologise in advance for the latin in this chapter. I do not speak latin, or understand any at all, so I had to use google translate. having used google translate to translate languages i do understand, i know it is crap, but I don't have a choice. Chapter 9 5th April 2005 Well, here goes, she thought. She really hated Latin. Grasping the piece of paper tightly in one hand and her wand in the other, she summoned all of the magic she had, until she could feel it zinging like sparks of electricity against her skin, it was making her already bushy hair spark with the charge she was creating. Qui vocat potentiam ad me: I summon the power of time to me, XII horas peto ut pars historiae. I request 12 hours to see part of history Dona mihi hanc olim reques Grant me this one time request Et stabit in loco Volo ut testimonium perhiberet I stand in the place I want to witness Animam meam rursus vis facere Use my life-force to carry be back Suscipe me ad September 20th MCMLXXIX Take me back to 20th September 1979 In praeteritum XV minutes V horas ac nocte in die illa At 15 hours and 5 minutes past midnight on that day Aut abit hora meas redde the12th Return me at my request or when the12th hour fades Id autem rogavi pro te Suddenly she felt herself being pulled backward, wind whipped around like a hurricane pulling tendrils of her hair from the elastic she had used to secure it. It seemed to go on and on, as she could feel her stomach churning. Just as quickly as it started the wind around her stopped dead. The shock of it caused her to fall to her knees, trying to control the urge to empty her stomach. Hermione breathed deeply and slowly to gain back control, when she heard a strained male voice shout "Kreacher I said go now' followed by a mournful wail and a loud pop. Kreacher had been right about the time. Thank Merlin for that. She secured her hair once more, picked up her wand from where she had dropped it, when she fell, and checked that the satchel was still in her possession and closed. She placed the bag on the ground and tiptoed around the corner to the mouth of the cave. She had no idea why she was tiptoeing, but she felt she needed to, like the gravity of this moment required caution on her part and the tiptoeing was an outward sign of that. With her wand in her hand she counted the five paces forward into the the mouth of the cave, she had measured before. Or will measure in the future. But it was her past. Time travel was tricky. Looking into the cave where it started to narrow, she was pleased to note that the wards did not come out this far. That should make her job easier. Fingers crossed she didn't vanish half way though the rescue because she had interfered with history. Ok First things first. She had to locate Regulus. Looking into the dark cave from the bright sunshine of the day made seeing more difficult, she stepped a bit closer but could feel the start of the wards tingling on her skin, she was magically exhausted already from her trip back in time and she didn't want to battle through Voldemort's protections as well, so she didn't more any further in. Closing her eyes for a few seconds to counteract the brightness outside, she could hear someone stumbling about much further into the cave, she also thought she could hear water sloshing and she hoped it was not the Inferi starting to notice Regulus' breach of the wards earlier in the day. Now that she could see a little better, she saw the slight glimmer of what looked like silver buttons a coat. When she concentrated on the buttons she started to be able to see the figure of Regulus Black for the first time, still mainly hidden by the surrounding darkness. He was moving towards the lake in the cave. She knew the unbearable thirst would drive him to to water but thats how the Inferi got him last time. Well not this time. Hermione aimed her wand at him and shouted "Petrificus Totalas" just as she saw him freeze and begin to fall backwards, with her wanted still aimed at the same place, she shouted "Levicorpus" and the seemingly unconscious figure of Regular Black began to float into the air. She breathed a sigh of relief that she had been right, even if one could not use magic inside the wards, Voldemort had not thought to protect against magic coming from outside the wards in. She knew Voldemort had not setup the ward so that he would be alerted if someone were to enter the cave. He was really showing his arrogance there she thought. That was good for her plan. A/N: Next chapter up soon. Don't forget to leave a review :)
Disclaimer: I do not own the characters in this story. Just the plot. Chapter 10 20th September 1979 At the beckoning of her wand the man floating unconsciously upside down by his ankle, began to drift slowly but steady towards her. Once Regulus was safely outside of the cave she began to direct him around the corner to where the satchel she had for him was sat. 'Liberacorpus" Hermione said quietly, and Regulus started to gently drift to the ground Once he was safely on the ground she released her control and whispered 'Finite incantartum' and Regulus slumped to the side as he was released from the body bind, Hermione felt momentarily bad, as it was not a particularly pleasant experience being in a full body bind, but she had saved his life so the small amount of discomfort was relative she thought. She quickly opened the bag and pulled out the large bottle of water and removed the stasis spell she had placed on it weeks ago. 'Here drink this, it will help I promise' she said holding out the open bottle of water to a wide eyed Regulus who had started mumbling to himself crazily and looking around, unable to focus on much of anything. His eyes fixated on the bottle and he grabbed for it, spilling some of it in the process, she jumped back and let go of the bottle simultaneously to avoid getting drenched and turned around to look in the bag while Regulus drank greedily from the rapidly emptying bottle "Please, more" Regulus begged when the bottle ran dry. Hermione, who had been studiously ignoring the man she had rescued, turned around to him, took the bottle, stuck her wand in the opening and said "Aguamente" and water began spouting from the tip of her wand refilling the bottle. By the forth refill of the bottle, Regulus, who had been a worryingly pallid grey colour due to the effects of the dark potion, was beginning to look more normal, still pale, but she assumed that was normal for him. She studied him as he drank his water, he was certainly good looking, that was for sure, not as good looking as Sirius had been in her opinion, but still quite fit. Regulus had been looking at her, once his mind had started to clear somewhat. This woman looked like a muggle, but she had a wand and had performed magic with ease, albeit fairly simple magic. So she was a witch. He found he had questions. The woman had not spoken a word beside the charm to refill the water she had been giving him. Nothing about her gave anything away save for the fact she wore muggle clothing, so he assumed she was likely not a Death Eater come to capture him for stealing a piece of their masters fractured soul. Why would she go to the trouble of getting him out of the cave anyway, if she meant him harm. Mind fully cleared and functioning normally again, Regulus cleared his throat to get the woman's attention. 'Who are you?' He mumbled looking up at her from the floor where he had landed. She looked at him with tears in her eyes that he did not understand, he was sure she had never met this woman before, he felt that he would most defiantly remember her if he had. "My name is Hermione Granger" she said making brief eye contact and the looking away again. The woman seemed nervous about something, and Regulus wanted answers "How did you know I was here, how did you even get here?' Regulus demanded with more strength this time, taking note that they were still on an island in the middle of the sea, it was nigh on impossible that she would just happen to be passing by. No, she had known, and she was clearly prepared. The more he thought about it, the less sense her presence here seemed to make. "Ok, that's a tricky one to start with, Kreacher brought me to the Island" "What, that's impossible, I ordered Kreacher not to come back here, he shouldn't have been able to disobey a direct order, more to the point how do you know my elf. My mother does not let him associate with er" Regulus stopped mid sentence unsure of how to continue without insulting his rescuer. Getting to his feet at last, he towered over her. "Technically he didn't disobey you Regulus, there are so many things I have to explain and so little time to do it on, I promise I will tell you everything one way or another, but please calm down, I don't mean you any harm, please just, can you trust me enough to let me explain a very complicated corse of events, Please, lives depend on it" she pleased stepping back, away from his looming figure. Shocked Regulus took a step back from her, giving her more room. And motioned for her to continue "Thank you, Firstly I need to tell you that if I vanish suddenly there is a letter explaining everything in the bag on the floor over there, along with various other things you might need." "Why would you vanish" Regulus interrupted "It's very complicated" Hermione started 'I'm sure I can keep up' Regulus bristled his pride prickled by her words "I am counting on it actually, I meant no offence, I just meant that I have a limited amount of time to lay it all out for you, now do you have your wand with you?' Patting down his pockets and coming up empty he glanced back toward the cave regretfully. "Er not any more it would seem, I had it with me but it must have fallen out at some point" "Then please take mine, you cannot be without a wand, I won't need it if this goes well' Hermione said handing her wand over to him. He took it cautiously hoping the magic would not react badly to being handled by some one else. She seemed to relax after she had handed it over. Regulus stayed silent he stepped back to lean against the side of the cave. Waiting for her to continue, though his interest was peaked. She certainly did mysterious well and he was intrigued. "Right, well as I said, my name is Hermione Granger and I am a muggle born witch" Ah, there it is, he thought. She seemed to be waiting for him to react, he suspected he would get short shrift from her if he did so, especially after his earlier comment. He said nothing. He had no issue with Muggles, though he had little interaction with them, neither with muggle borns, or half bloods for that matter. The whole blood supremacy movement was mildly ridiculous to him, he went along with it because of his love and loyalty his Mother and Father, but he never shared their ideals. He thought he could shut up and keep his head down, but once he found out about the horcrux he knew he had to act. This madness would go on forever if the dark lord had the power to resurrect himself. When he showed no reaction to her revelation, she breathed another sigh of relief. Although she was hardly making an effort to hide her blood status with the type of clothes she had chosen to wear for the occasion. Still, she was pleased it didn't seem to bother him. She smiled up at him as she continued. "What I am about to tell you is extremely far fetched, but I assure you I am telling you the truth, and I can prove it to you, if you will let me." Regulus nodded for her to continue, bracing himself for he didn't know what. She took a deep breath "I am from the future, a future where you died in that cavern this very day. I found a way and came to rescue you because I need your help to kill Voldemort" she said quickly screwing her eyes shut as if preparing for some unseen blow. Regulus winced slightly at her casual use of the dark lords name, more out of habit that fear really, and tried to take in her rushed sentence. She was saying she was from the future, where he was dead, he had assumed that he would not make it out of that cave alive, but to hear that he wouldn't have if she hadn't appeared was a little sickening. He slid dramatically down the side of the cave until he was sitting with his head hung down between his arms and his forearms resting on his knees. Expecting some kind of reaction like this Hermione continued. 'In the bag next to you, you will find a letter, with a memory vial attached to it, there is a pensive that I have shrunk down for you to use as you will need more information than I can give right now. Unfortunately I cannot risk touching the bag anymore in case I disappear, but if you could retrieve the letter from the front pocket there, it will explain everything more eloquently than I seem to be able to at the moment" Regulus reached over and dragged the heavy leather bag over to himself and opened the large front flap. Directly on the top of the main compartment he saw a letter with a bottle attached and took it out. Turning it over in his hands he saw that the letter was address to him, but he made no move to open it he looked at her and asked. "Why do you keep saying you might vanish, you can't disparate without your wand and I have that now, where do you think you will be going?" Hermione gave him a watery smile, she was finding the prospect of no longer existing in the way she does now, harder than she thought she would. She knew academically that her younger self would live in the future she was trying to create. She would have a better life, she hoped, her friends would too if she had anything to do with it. Still, the thought was difficult to bear. "Because I have irrevocably altered history in saving you, anything you do from now on will change the world I have lived in for the past 25 years, and I will simply cease to exist in this form" "What do you mean, cease to exist in this form, what form will you exist in" Regulus asked getting a bit frantic at the thought that his rescuer was really going to disappear, it had only been a few minutes but he was growing attached to the strange witch in front of him. "My birthdate is 19th September 1979. I was born yesterday, that is the only reason I was able to come back to this event with the spell I found. I could only travel within my personal timeline. With you alive, the world I will grow up in now has the potential to be vastly different from the world I knew, I hope it is. That is why I need your help.' Regulus sat in stunned silence, she was saying she was born yesterday. Literally born yesterday. It wasn't possible, but somehow he believed her. He saw the truth of it in her eyes. He recognised the determination to act regardless of what you would sacrifice in exchange. Even if it meant your own life in the end. But she had saved his life, and he owed her something in return. He decided that he would help her do whatever it was she needed to do, and looked up at her to tell her so. Hermione knew the exact moment he had decided to help her, he had the same determined look come across his face a she had seen may times before on the much older face of his brother. She knew that her plan had worked and that he would help her change what had gone before, because the moment he looked up at her with determination in her eyes, was the exact moment she blinked out of existence. A/N: *Hides under table* I will be uploading another chapter soon, probably Monday night? maybe sooner.. I love reading what you think of the story...:)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. Chapter 11 20th September 1979 Regulus stayed sat on the ground, staring blankly up at the place where Hermione had just been standing. She had said she could vanish but he had to admit, while he believed her story to a certain extent, he hadn't really believed she would just cease to exist. But she had, She had given him a watery smile, with a look of relief as if she knew he believed her, and had disappeared before his very eyes. No fading away, no gradual shift in her opacity. Just one second there, and the next not. She had not disapperated, he had her wand still. All of a sudden, she just wasn't anymore. Just as she had said. That thought brought him back to himself, he looked down at the letter that was in his hand, he ran his finger across his name and took a deep breath. Removing the small bottle that was attached to the back and placing it on the floor between his bent legs, he ran his finger under the wax seal and drew out the folded parchment from inside the envelope. He briefly admired her elegant script, it rivalled his own in style, he thought. Unfolding the letter he began to read the words she had written for him and braced himself for what her suspected was going to change his life more than he knew. Dear Regulus, If you are reading this, it means you have given me the opportunity to explain myself. Firstly I want to say thank you for that opportunity. I will have hopefully told you already the basics of why I rescued you and what I had hoped to accomplish in doing so, but incase I did not get the chance, I will take a moment to explain now. I am from the year 2005, I am 25 years old and my birthday is 19th September 1979, which for you, should have been yesterday. In the the world that I am from, Voldemort created seven horcruxes, six intentionally and the last by accident. Some time soon Voldemort will hear a prophecy about a child born at the end of July next year, a child who will kill him. In the world I live in that prophecy came to true in May of 1998, the war was not happening constantly during all those years, it stopped on the night of Halloween in 1981, when a young mother protected her son, Voldemort had decided this boy was the child of the prophecy. He was, as it tuned out, but the young mother who gave her life to protect her son, caused Voldemort's killing curse on the child to rebound back on to himself. For a time he was thought to be dead. The child grew up to be my very best friend. He died fulfilling the prophecy to kill Voldemort finally in 1998 and I have missed him everyday since then. We found out about horcruxes by accident really, one of Voldemort's followers used one of the horcruxes to bring him back during our 4th year at Hogwarts. Far too dramatically if you asked me, but I was never one for the theatrics. That is a little of my history, I have documented my life, as it pertains to the war, in its entirety in a book and placed put the book securely within the box marked with your name in the satchel I have left you. In the world that I grew up in, you died in the cave today. Your decoy locket, and the note you left was found, not by me personally, during our 6th year at Hogwarts. This was how I knew that you would need fresh water in order for your mind to clear. Kreacher will fail destroy the locket, he will try, but he will fail. There are not many ways to destroy one unfortunately. Thankfully he never told anyone of how you died. Or why. We only found out the details because he was forced to us. When the time is right I will give you the information you need to be able to get rid of all. But now is not that time. I am sure you are upset, that I am not giving you the answers that you most assuredly want to know. Unfortunately there is more bad news. You cannot return to your life. In order for my plan to work, the death eaters need to forget about you, tVoldemort needs to think you went missing still loyal to him. Having found out what you did about him and his horcrux, if you made it out of the cave alive by some miracle, I don't think you would have been able to continue on as one of his loyal followers do you? Don';t forget I read your note, I know you did not think you would live past today. If you are willing help me bring Voldemort down, I would ask you to watch the memory in the vial. In the bag that I have left for you, you will find a tsmall pensive hat I shrunk down to fit, among other things you will find useful I am sure Please remove it re size it and watch the contents of the bottle. It will give you more information than I am able to write here. It will also offer as much proof as I am able to give that I am telling the truth. To open the vial, you will need to touch the stopper with a drop of your blood, as I needed to make sure that the information is protected. If your blood is not placed on the stopper you will find you are able to get no grip to remove it. The island is not the ideal place for this to happen, but needs must. At least there is little risk of you being discovered while watching in the pensive. If you are willing to help me I am forever in your debt, although I will not know it, as the world I live in now will cease to be. I am only a day old in your world after all! Please be careful Regulus I hope to meet you one day soon. Unfortunately I suspect that if you believe me, and have decided to help, the version of myself that I am now, the one you have met will no longer exist. I will exist now only in the memories I have left for you. Don't worry there are loads Forever grateful to you Hermione Jean Granger 27th March 2005 A/N: Next chapter will be up in the next few days. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters in this story. A/N: This is a pretty long chapter to make up for the fact that I have been unwell this week. Enjoy :) Chapter 12 20th September 1979 Regulus read through Hermione's letter twice before he was able to fully grasp the gravity of the situation she had presented him with. She was right about one thing though, he had not planned on making it out of the cave alive, and there was no way he would be able to continue the path he was on before, no matter how much his parents wanted him too. He had found the line he was not willing to cross. Somewhat unhelpfully his brain supplied that had he gone with Sirius when he managed to escape their family he would not be in this situation. It is what it is, he thought, mistakes were made, and now he would have the chance to atone. He picked up the little bottle that had been attached to the envelope from the floor where he had put it. Predictably, he tired to get the stopper out of the bottle, and found that he was unable to get any kind of purchase on the cork despite it being raise from the surface of the rim. Clever witch he thought. Smiling to himself. Picking up her wand, although it was his now he supposed. He pointed the wand at his finger and silently cast a light severing charm to the tip, just enough to allow a small drop of blood to collect on the surface. He dabbed the tip of the bleeding finger to the top of the cork in the bottle, then wiped his finger on his coat. Trying the stopper again he found that sure enough, he was able to grip the cork and move it slightly, before he could get it all the way out though, he paused. Put the bottle back on the ground next to him and hefted the leather bag in front of himself. Setting up the pensive before he took the lid out of the vial was probably a good idea. He lifted the front flap of the bag and began to dig through what she had put inside for his. The witch seemed to like her shrinking charms, most everything in the bag had been shrunk to a fraction to what he assumed was their original size. He found a small box marked 'Pensive Regulus' on the outside. He brought that out and laid it on the ground next to him. The temptation to go and look at whatever else she had put in the bag she had obviously packed for him was great. But he thought better of it. He didn't want to risk leaving anything behind once he managed to find a way off this bloody island. Opening the top of the box containing the pensive, he removed it from the box and set it on the ground in front of him. Aiming the wand he muttered "Engorgio" and the pensive grew instantly to its proper size. He noted that it was smaller than most other ones he had seen, but thought that was probably done deliberately as in his experience pensives tended to be quite cumbersome to move about. Thankfully the liquid was already in the basin, but there had to be some sort of stasis cast over it as the liquid was still in the bowl. Whispering "Finite" with a wave of the wand over the basin, the liquid started to ripple. Getting to his knees so he would be a the proper angle for viewing what ever Hermione had given for him to watch, he picked up the vial and removed the stopped completely with ease. Whatever her plan was, he hoped it was a good one. Setting aside the thought that his life just took a sharp detour into the bizarre, he poured the contents of the bottle into the bowl before him stuck his head in the liquid. Immediately a scene began to form around him. He was standing in a warm looking room, which reminded him of school, he could see Hermione, she was directly in first of his, but she had her back to him. She was facing a mirror, and looking directly at herself. She smiled Kindly and began to speak. "Hello Regulus, thank you for trusting me enough to have come this far, I am hoping that you have read the letter I left for you" she picked up the letter from the table in front of her, indicating with her hand that this was the letter she was referring to. She continued. "if not then I'm afraid you are in for quite a shock." She turned around and walked through him, as his view point shifted to follow her progress through the cosy looking room. She walked to a cabinet in the corner and pulled out a rather large pensive. He watched as she reached back into the cupboard and pulled out four small bottles similar to the one she had given him. "I have been racking my brain for weeks, trying to find a way to give you the information you need to bring down Voldemort" se he paused looking down at the various vials in her hands "Some of these are my memories, some are the memories of my friend, and some belonged to Dumbledore, he's dead in my time too, so many lives lost" she gets a faraway look in her eye, but shakes herself out of it. "The best way have come up with is to simply show you" she unstoppered the first vial and poured it in to the basin, repeating the process until all of the bottles are laying empty on the table, and he can see the swirling of mingled memories in the bowl. She plunged her head into the pensive and Regulus felt himself being pulled in with her. He had to admit it was quite clever, he was watching her memory of watching the memories of other people. He braced himself for what he would see and the would shifted for Hermione, but he stayed just on the outside of it all. The first thing he noticed when the scene settled was that a much younger looking Hermione and a boy who looked vaguely familiar to him, but couldn't place, stood in the kitchen of his house, the older Hermione said "this is a memory of mine, that boy there is my best friend" "Kreacher" the boy shouted, and to Regulus' surprise Kreacher appeared with a loud crack "New master and the mud blood friend in his mistresses house what ever will Kreacher do, filthy mud blood " Kreacher prattled on "Kreacher shut up, do you recognise this locket "This was when we found out what you had done, that you had found out about a horcrux and gone to the island" older Hermione said from just in front of him but facing away from him. "Yes Kreacher recognises it, its not the proper one though" Kreacher said wringing his hands in his filthy tea towel dress. "No, we know its not the real one" younger Hermione said , Kreacher just sneered up at her but didn't reply. Rolling his eyes the boy said "Do you know where the real one is? R.A.B thats Regulus Black isn't it" Kreacher seemed to be overcome with emotion as he ran to the wall by the entrance to the kitchen and started banging his head agains the door post. "Stop please, Kreacher stop, Harry do something, make his stop" younger Hermione cried. "Kreacher stop" the boy shouted and Kreacher stopped. Clearly this boy was family if Kreacher obeyed him, perhaps Sirius' son Regulus thought briefly. "Now tell us everything you know about this locket and the real one" the boy ordered "Master Regulus, told Kreacher to go with the Dark Lord, so Kreacher went, but he took Kreacher to a horrible place, he put the real locket in a big bowl and filled it was a black liquid, then he made Kreacher drink a horrible potion that made Kreacher mad with thirst. The Dark Lord said he needed to test the potion worked and then he left Kreacher there. Left Kreacher to die, but Master Regulus had ordered Kreacher to return to him once the Dark Lord had finished with him so Kreacher did. But Kreacher was sick, very sick, and Master helped Kreacher get better. He is a good and kind Master, Master asked Kreacher what he had done with the dark Lord, and Kreacher told him what the dark Lord had made, Kreacher could feel the magic and he told Master Regulus, bad Kreacher! Master Regulus ordered Kreacher to take him to the same place and Master Regulus drank the potion, and gave the nasty locket to Kreacher and told him to destroy it. Master Regulus told Kreacher to leave him there and Kreacher knew he would die if he left him there, but Master ordered him to go and Kreacher had to leave. And master never came back.' Kreacher wailed as big tears rolled down the old elf cheeks. Regulus was stunned, he had believed that Hermione was telling the truth, but seeing the evidence of it was horrific and he felt tear on his own cheeks which he quickly wiped away. "Im so sorry Regulus, but I had to she you that I was telling the truth, you died in that cave: Older Hermione said wiping her own tears away. The scene shifted again. They were in a maze, of some sort, great walls of hedges felt like they were closing in, the boy he recognised was running at full pelt toward something that was glowing at the end of the hedge tunnel. "This is the night that Voldemort returns, there was a Triwizard tournament at Hogwarts, and Harry was entered by a Death eater in disguise, that glow up ahead is the Triwizard cup, it's also a Portkey" Hermione says, the younger version of herself no longer present. The boy runs for the cup, as another boy come at it from another direction and they touch it at the same time. Immediately they are both whisked away. They are in a cemetery, a balding plump man that Regulus recognises as a Death Eater, as spy for the dark lord, immediately casts an Avarda at the other boy and he fall to the floor dead, as the green jet of light hits him square in the chest. "No, Cedric" the boy shouts, but its too late Death eaters begin to apperate around the boy until he is surrounded and one of them grabs hold of him around his arms from behind. The boy struggles but he gets no where. There is a large cauldron set over a fire on one of the graves that draws his attention. The boy continues to struggle, and the Death eater obviously gets tired of fighting with I'm as he has him in the side of the head with his elbow, it was clearly a hard blow as the sound muffles as the boy struggles to remain standing. With the sound muffled Regulus concentrate on watching, Hermione he notes has turned away for the main action of the scene and Is looking at the boy with an unrecognisable expression on her face. The spy the he recognises, approached the cauldron and drops something in, then, with a knife in his hand he walks over to the boy and slices off a piece of his flesh, Regulus winces in response and Hermione completely turns away, unable to watch any longer. A bundle of what looks like blankets is being carried toward the cauldron, Regulus has a feeling he knows what is in those blanket and he feel sick. The bundle is dropped into the pot and it immediately starts to bubble and smoke rises from the top. He watches as a horrific figure starts to emerge from the cauldron. It is recognisable the dark lord but he looks so different. His eyes are red and his head looks like the human version of a snake. Bracing himself with his hands on his knees Regulus looks away from the scene, unable to take anymore. Thankfully the scene shifts again in a whirl of smoke. "i'm sorry for showing you that Regulus, but I felt I had to she you what is at stake for me." Hermione says before the swirling smoke settles into a new scene. He is out side Hogwarts, on the grounds, he recognises the whomping willow, near by. Hermione looking the same age as she is when she watches the memory, walks up to the flailing tree points her wand at it, and it stills. "This was only a few months ago for me, I had just decided that I had to take the opportunity I was presented with to go back to the past and save you, I had decided I needed to say good bye to the people I loved in this life" Hermione approached the base of the frozen tree and he noticed for the first time that she was carrying the bag he recognised as the one she had held him, slung across her body. She was wrapped up in a think scarf and coat, and he could see her breath in the obviously frigid air. Hermione knelt down at the bottom of the tree, and opened the bag, she took out a spade and began to dig a hole in the ground under the tree. As she was digging Regulus could see tears streaming down her face, that she wiped away every so often. When the hole was fairly deep, she put the spade down, dusted off her hands and reached for the bag once more. She took out a rectangular box first of all and opened the lid. Reaching into the bag again she with withdrew a piece of fabric "We had so much fun running around the castle at night using this Harry, it saved us more than once. I can't tell you how much I miss you, every day I miss you, its been 6 years, but it feels like yesterday you were still here with me." Hermione cried and folded the fabric and placed it lovingly into the box. She continued to pull out various objects from the bag, say a few words about them and then place them in the box' When she had finished, she took the lid of the box and wrote out a list of names, to his horror Regulus noticed that his brothers name was near the top of the list, along with everyone he knew him to be friends with when they were at school, along with many other names he did not know. By the time she was finished her face was red from all the tears she had cried. She replaced the lid on the box and waved her wand over the top and the put the box in the hole. And began to fill the whole in, He wondered briefly why she had shown him this memory, it seemed to be so personal to her. Perhaps to she him she had nothing left to lose. The scene shifted again, Hermione was sat the table in what he knew to be the kitchen of his family home again, she was looking down at a large book, that he knew well. Natures Nobility, he leaned over to see which page she was looking at. It was his family page. "This was when the idea first came to me to save you" Hermione said from her place in front of him. He focused on the book, she was running her finger over Siris name tenderly, perhaps they had been together before Sirius died, Regulus thought, as she seemed quite attached to his wayward brother, although he would probably be considered wayward by his family now if they knew what he was up to. He noticed that his name also had two dates written underneath, his date of birth and 20th September 1979. Suddenly Hermione stopped caressing the page and froze stock still for a minute. Then she slammed the books shut, picked up something off the table and ran from the room. The scene shifted back to the original room they had started in, Hermione lifters her head out of the pensive and quickly put the memories back into their proper bottles with the tip of her wand. She walked back across the room and looked in the morrow again. "Hopefully by now, I have provided enough proof, in the only way I could thing to, that I am being honest with you. The number of lives this war demands is too high. As you saw Sirius died, the circumstances of that are very specific, and I am not going to tell you the details now, but you will find out everything eventually I promise you that. His life is one of the ones I am trying to save in the end. She looked down for a moment, seemed to gather her thoughts and continued looking straight ahead in the mirror in front of her. "Now you have seen what I have collected to show you, you have a choice to make. I hope that you believe me and want to change history with me. I truly hope that you do Regulus, not because I want a better life than the one I lead, but because you deserve more than the life you had stolen from you. It is not going to be easy, but I have an extremely detailed plan, but first you need to get off this Island and somewhere safe. I have a safe house of sorts for you to use. My parents have just finished building a holiday cabin in the peak district that will be empty until 15th December this year, in the first instance. It is quite hard to get to and it is no where near any wizarding society as far as I know. I said in my letter to you that you would have to remain hidden for a while. In truth I am not sure how long for, but I have a plan. There is a person that I need you to contact. Or rather, I have a package that I will need to be delivered to this person and then they will contact you, however, the package cannot be delivered until 31st July next year. This is imperative, and I am afraid that means you will be alone for the next 9 months." She paused, and Regulus was grateful, he had known he would be alone, and had struggled to think of anyone who he could reach out to as he had no idea how to trust, but obviously Hermione knew, he had a sneaking suspicion that he knew who she wanted him to contact and his stomach clenched at the thought. "The person I need you to contact is Sirius, I'm my time, I truly believe he missed you, though he had no idea you had died trying to do what was right. I have included in the package to him a similar set of memories, proving you had a change of heart. I am sure he will come when he sees the memories. I'm sorry that you will have to bare so much for so long, but it is the only way. If you are captured or killed I have no way of passing this knowledge to anyone else. She took a deep breath "In the front pocket of the bag I left you, you will find a pouch of Galleons, which can be used after Sirius joins you, as he will be able to go into wizarding parts of the country, and a wallet full of muggle money which I have been assured is still in circulation where you are, which you can use for food and such. If you tap your wand to the back of the letter I gave you and say "I solely swear I am up to no good" you will have to ask your brother about that one, a detailed map will appear showing you how to get to to my parents cabin. I do hope you stay there it is the safest place I could think of. And it has no ties to the wizarding community of Britain so you should be safe. If you decide not to stay there, in the main compartment of the bag I left you will find a magically enlarged tent. In the hold all you will find the entire contents of your room at Grimmauld place, Kreacher kept everything you had after you died as kind of a shrine to you I think, honestly it was slightly creepy, but it was convenient as I was able to pack it all up and put it in a holdall for you, its a bad consolation prize for isolation for 9 months but at least you can have all of your things with you. " She sighed again "Right, I think that is everything for now, it's time for you to get off this island. Might I suggest that you call Kreacher to you. You will need him to get you off of the island, you will also need him to give you back the real Horcrux. Word of warning, do not put it on, just leave it in one of the boxes I have given you and forget about it until it is time to destroy it. You will find other similar memory bottles from me amongst the things I have packed for you, all you need to do in order to reveal the contents of the box addressed to you is touch any part of the box with a drop of your blood and the security wards will recognise you and give you access. If you open the box without the drop of blood the box will appear empty. This information would be catastrophic in the wrong hands.. Look after yourself, I am sure I will see you very soon. I want to thank you Regulus, truly. It means the world to me. Quite literally" With one final laugh from Hermione Regulus was forced out of the memory, and he came up out of the pensive gasping. A/N: I hope that you enjoyed that. It was a bit complicated to write so i hope it was understandable! I love reading your comments so don't forget to review. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters A/N: Massive thank you to everyone who have reviewed, followed and favorited this story. I can't tell you how awesome it is that people are liking it. Chapter 13 Regulus sat back against the side of the cave, he needed a moment to gather his thoughts. Hermione had clearly put a massive amount of thought and effort into this mission, and he had to admit he was starting to admire the witch, and it had nothing to do with her saving his life. He took that letter back out of the bag and turned it over, so the blank side was facing him. Feeling somewhat ridiculous for what he was about to do, he touched the tip of Hermione's wand to the blank parchment and mumbled 'I solemnly swear I am up to no good" Regulus watched in amazement as the ink seemed to bloom out of no where showing a map of England, then it seemed to zoom in to a section around the peak district, then it zoomed further still to a town he had never heard of, and further still to a particular street, where is zoomed along the street and out into a field and suddenly stars appeared to shoot out from one point in the middle of the field. He assumed this was the place she meant. It then zoomed back out to the map of England again before disappearing entirely. Regulus watched in stunned silence as the parchment he was holding turned white again as if nothing had ever happened. That was brilliant, he thought. I wonder what Sirius has to do with it? He wondered remembering her saying he would have to ask his brother about the the up to no good thing. Contemplating his next move, he decided to take her advice, he would go to the cabin she had offered. He really didn't want to live in a tent for nine months if he didn't have to, even if it was magically enlarged. It was still a tent. Standing up he dusted off his trousers and ran his hand through his shoulder length ebony hair. She was right, he had no way off the Island without Kreacher. Dammit. After casting a quick "reducio" on the pensive he tucked it back into his bag, along with the letter, and pulled the strap over his shoulder. "Kreacher" he called loudly, as if his volume had anything to do with his elf hearing him. "Master Regulus" Kreacher whispered he had obviously been very emotional "Kreacher thought master would die, Kreacher thought" "It's OK Kreacher, I am unharmed as you can see, now, do you have the locket I asked you to take?" Regulus said softly feeling rotten for all of the times he had mistreated the old elf. He knew Kreacher had a soft spot for him but seeing the effect of his death on the elf though someone else eyes made his pause. He never gave much thought as to how he treated the elf in return. Kreacher drew the locket he had been given from its place around his neck and handed it to Regulus. "OK, you are not to tell anybody what has happened here today is that understood. "Yes Master, Kreacher understands, Kreacher won't tell" Kreacher responded. "Good, I need you to take me to London" Regulus said firmly. "Yes Master Regulus" Kreacher said reaching out for his hand. Regulus hand a momentary pang, at the thought he was leaving his wand behind in the cave somewhere, but let it go, Hermione's wand seemed to be working out well for him so far, nearly no resistance to his commands. They were gone without fanfare or fuss. Regulus hoped he never had to see the Island again. London was busy when they popped into the yard behind The Leaky Cauldron. Regulus could hear the bustling of muggle London just on the other side of the wall. The muggles of course were unaware of the happenings on the other side of the wall. "I need you to go home now Kreacher. Don't tell anyone you have seen me" Regulus said turning to look at the elf. "Yes master" Kreacher said sadly "I will call you when I can ok, when its safe" Regulus said, although he was unsure when that would be. "Off you go then" He continued, waiting for Kreacher to acknowledge the command. Kreacher looked up at him, and disappeared. Regulus was alone once again. Making the decision to make his way into muggle London rather than Diagon Alley. Regulus made his way though the commuting horde of muggles, in search of a quieter area so he could signal for the night bus. Moving fairly quickly but not quick enough to draw attention to himself, Regulus moved through the streets of London. One thing he appreciated about London was that nobody paid any attention to anybody else. It was refreshing. Finding himself in a deserted side street, he stepped off the pavement and held out his wand. The sound of a loud horn was the only thing that singled the arrival of the night bus, and Regulus made his way to the back to board. He had rarely had need to venture into muggle London do this was his first time on the night bus. "Where to mate" the conductor said once he had climbed up the step. "Er Chatsworth, its in the Peak District believe" Regulus said unsurely "Why you going there then?" The nosy conductor said as he lead Regulus to an empty bed. Ignoring the question Regulus sat on the bed, as the bus took of at sickening speed through the streets of London "How long will it take to get there?" Regulus asked the conductor who was leaning against the wall near by. "Its quite far away, you see the Peak District is, not much call to go there either mind, mainly muggles up there I would say. That will be two Galleons if you please" The conductor said Regulus reached for the small pouch he kept in the pocket of his waistcoat and took out the two gold coins and handed them over. The conductor put one between his teeth, to test it was genuine, Regulus assumed. He rolled his eyes. He was getting irritated by this man. "How long until we will arrive in Chatsworth please " Regulus repeated. "As I said its quite far away, Wat'ya reckon Ern,? "Bout five I reckon Stan" came the distant reply from the driver. "Hours?" Regulus asked The conductor burst into pearls of mocking laughter, that Regulus did not follow. What was so funny? He decided that he didn't like this bloke. "Well" Regulus asked, drawing himself up looking every inch the Heir of the Ancient and Nobel house of Black. He wasn't the heir of course, but they didn't know that did they. Stan paled and shrank back, just as the bus jerked to a stop in the middle of a country street "Chatsworth" the driver called. Regulus gathered his belongings and stood past Stan without another word. As soon as he had disembarked the bus was gone. Making sure he was hidden from view, Regulus got the letter out again "I solemnly swear I am up to no good" He whispered touching his wand the the blank side of the page. The ink appears again almost immediately, and he was pleased to note that it seemed to know where he was. Instead of showing the map of England again like the previous time and then zooming, It began exactly were he was, he even saw his name appear in a little banner on the picture of the street the map had drawn. It was directing him forwards, so he followed. Thankfully the map did not disappear like the last time, and instead seemed to direct him where to go. He was impressed. It took alot to impress him, but he was impressed. After half and hour of being led through the quiet streets of the quaint muggle village and out into the country side on foot, he finally came to the edge of a field, the map indicated to walk across the field. He could faintly see a building so come sort on the top of the hill, and the map was showing the fireworks coming form the same location so he trudged into the field. Arriving at the front door of the newly built cabin, Regulus could see that building debris littered the otherwise unspoiled view of the scenery, Mounds of dirt dotted the outer edge of the property. Now that the sun had set, he felt hisself relax, he walked up to the front door and waved his hand over the door knob silently unlocking the house. The knob turned easily in his hand and he entered that cabin, and closed the door behind him. He leaned back against the front door for a moment and let the tension that had built up throughout the day, leave him. He was tired, He didn't have the energy to explore the cabin tonight, he just wanted to sleep. There was a comfortable looking sofa across the room form his, he made his way over. He took off his coat and boots and draped them over the back of a dining room chair. And placed his boots on the floor next to it. Wand still in hand he conjured a blanket and cushion and laid down on the sofa still wearing his clothes. His last thought before he drifted off to sleep was the absurdity of his day. Hermione was telling him the truth, she had proved that to him. It had to be the truth because no-one would believe her story if it was a lie. A/N: I hope that you enjoyed this chapter. I love reading your comments and reviews. Don't forget to favourite and follow this story to get notifications about when I upload a chapter. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters. 21st September 1979 Regulus sat on the sofa, staring in amazement at the scene before him. After waking up, far to early he might add, due to the lack of window dressing in the lounge area, and the sun streaming brightly, directly in his face. He had decided that it would be prudent to look though whatever Hermione had given him. He grabbed the leather bag and sat on the sofa with it open on the floor between his feet. In the main compartment he took out the box with the tiny pensive inside and set it next to him on the sofa, next can a black oblong bag made of some sort of fabric, it was just about the size of his hand, shrinking charm strikes again he thought amusedly. After than came a cardboard box with a lid, it was about the same size as the fabric bag. He assumed this was the box she had told him about with all the stuff about the future, but just to check lifted the lid. Empty, he had no idea how she had managed that. He set the box to the side. He found the tent that she had mentioned but decided to leave it in the bag until he needed it. She had mentioned something about gold he remembered, that would be helpful, aside from the small pouch he kept on his person at all times, at least since he had left school, he had no access to his family money if he was to remain hidden. Opening the front pocket of the bag he found a large pouch of gold. And a leather folding pocket the held a vast amount of paper. The muggle money she had mentioned. He had never understood muggle money, he never really had much cause to deal with it, and it felt so foreign to him. Well he thought, everything about his life would feel foreign from now on. A wave of sadness swept over him. While he missed him parents somewhat, he knew that they were too embroiled with the dark lord for him to risk contacting them. But for a moment he felt so alone in the world. So small for the task Hermione had entrusted him. But it felt good that, having looked a the sum of what he had left behind in her time, she had chosen him to be the one she saved. Him of all people. He was grateful. He only hoped it worked and the life she would lead now was a better one. Right, he thought, onwards and upwards and all that rot. Deciding to deal with the box later, he already had some idea of what it contained. He picked up the black fabric bag and enlarged it to its correct size and put it on the floor. Unzipping the top he peered inside. Merlin, the bag was full, and she had shrunk everything inside it. He would be here forever unpacking. Regulus moved to sit on the floor beside the bag, he decided to unpack the whole bag and then enlarge everything at once. Pulling out object after object until they were spread all around him. There was piles of books, stacks and stacks of clothing, he swore he didn't remember owning that many pairs of shoes, though he only ever really wore the boots that were across the room by his coat. She really must have packed his whole room put for him. Once the bag was empty, he set it to one side and got up. Retrieving his wand from the table beside the sofa, he waved it over the miniature contents of his former life. And like a bizarre Mexican wave, the items began to resize themselves. He sat down on the sofa with a heavy thump and stared. This was all his stuff. Everything he owned. He had had to leave his family behind, but the wonderful witch who recused him made sure he would be surrounded by familiar things, and a bubble of emotion swell inside his chest. He noticed that amongst the piles of clothing that Hermione had left for him, there was also a small pile of bedding. This gave him an idea. He transfigured the bag Hermione had used to hold his things into a trunk, Lifting the lid of the trunk, he tried to remember the spell he needed. He walked over to the pile of books she had included, not all of which were in his room when he left is family home the day before, he retrieved the one he needed. He flipped through the book until he found what he was looking for. "Capacious extremis" he said clearly with his wand pointed at the inside base of the trunk. He watched as the undetectable extension charm magically pushed the bottom of the trunk to extend well past the natural level of the floor, and expand outwards. When the magical extension was the size that he wanted it to be, he flicked his wrist, and the expanding stopped. Pleased with his work, he put his wand in his pocket and strode to the door. He had felt uneasy about sleeping in a bed that belonged to Hermione's parent, especially when they had no idea that he was there. So he decided to sleep in the trunk, it was certainly big enough, but now he needed furniture. Outside, the morning dew had just begun to be dried up by the sun, and there was a nip in the air. It was September now, and he was quite alot further north than London now. Quickly gathering a number of twigs and stick from the grass surrounding the cabin, he went back inside. Dropping all of the sticks on to the table, except one. He placed that once on the floor, and transfigured it into a ladder. He levitated the ladder with his wand and ducked as it floated past him and into the open trunk, with the top of the ladder finishing just below the top of the trunk. Picking up the rest of the sticks he climbed into the trunk and demented down the ladder. He looked around the room he had made and was quite pleased with himself. He placed one of the sticks down in the corner of the room and transfigured it in to a bed frame. He took another stick and placed it in the opposite corner and waved his wand at it, and suddenly there standing in the place the stick had been was a large wardrobe. Opening the door to the wardrobe, revealed the bottom half of the cupboard was draws and the to half to be shelving. Once he had finished he had made a mattress to go on the bed, a desk and star and a filing cabinet as well as a small vault. Satisfied with his efforts, he claimed back up the ladder, and out of the top of the truck. That would make life a bit easier, he thought to himself. Waving his wand at the various piles of his possessions, one by one they floated up into the air and started to make their way across the room in an orderly line, and then began to float down into the magically extended trunk. He could hear the sound of the the wardrobe opening, and draws sliding open and closed. When the last item made its way past the lid of the trunk, the trunk closed itself with a thud. He needed to find somewhere to put his trunk, the middle of the living room would not do, it was not inconspicuous at all. He thought that even though he did not was to sleep in one of the unused beds, a bedroom was probable the best place for the trunk. Wandering beyond the bathroom, for the first time since his arrival at the small cabin, he discovered two further doors. Bedrooms he assumed. Opening the first door, he discovered, a bedroom. The parents room he thought to himself and shut the door again. The second door was directly opposite the first, crossing the hall, he opened the door. Seeing the setup for a quaint nursery, He stepped further inside. There was a cot along the back wall, her name had obviously been chosen in advance of her birth as there on a shelf on the wall above her cot was her name in colourful wooden blocks. He couldn't stop staring at it. Tangible proof that she was alive somewhere in this time right now comforted him. He felt close to her having watched her memories for some reason. This was where he would put his trunk. Seeing the evidence of her existence in his time, had brought him comfort in a strange way. Seeing evidence that she was two days old, caused a different reaction.. After all this was over, and the dark lord was dead once and for all. He knew in his heart that he would keep an eye on Hermione as she was growing up. Out of nowhere he was hit with a wave of protectiveness for the baby Hermione. It was like a link had been formed in that moment, regardless of biology, his heart recognised that she was his sister. A/N: I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Please leave a review i love to read them. :)
Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters. A/N: He we are for another chapter, thank you to everyone who has review and favorited and followed so far. I can't tell you how much i appreciate it. 31st October 1979 In the month that Regulus had been alone, he had gone through all of the things that Hermione had left him with. There was alot. He was astounded at the level of detail with which she had been able to think ahead. She wasn't even here but he felt her in everything. It made him feel less alone. He had started Animagus training, because he had found a book about it in the collection of books she had packed. The majority were books from his room, The animagus one wasn't. She had found ways to drop little hints without actually telling him what to do. She had even packed a number of mandrake leaves in with his belongings with a stasis charm on them so they stayed fresh. Unfortunately he had yet to make it the month with the leaf in his mouth, he had had to start again already as he had swallowed the leaf in the night. Waiting for the full moon to start over was inconvenient but necessary. When the full moon came 10 days ago, he was clever, this time he had put a sticking charm on the bloody leaf to stop it falling out. When he swallowed one the leaf he had had a mild panic attack until he read in one of his books that Mandrake leaf was not poisonous. He probably should have looked that up before he put the bloody thing in his mouth but it didn't occur to him. Helpfully, Hermione had managed to document every full moon for the next 20 years, and had included a long roll of parchment dedicated to the full moons in his box. At first he thought it was another hint for the Animagus training, but now he thought it was for another reason, unless she genuinely thought it would take him 20 years to complete the process. But he didn't think she meant that, there had to be another reason, he just couldn't fathom what that could be. In an entry in a diary of sorts she had written to him, she had said that there was somethings she couldn't tell him, but that Sirius would be able to when he arrived. That was not going to be for another 8 months at least, and thats if he decided to come at all. He tried not to think about what would happen if he was alone the whole in this adventure he was on. NO he wouldn't think about that. Sirius would come. Hermione had eluded to having some information that she would tell him in her letter to him that would make him listen. He knew that Hermione had known Sirius, in her old life, before, so he trusted her. He had tired to open Sirius' box, but he couldn't see anything inside the box, his blood didn't work to open it. Same with the parcel, he couldn't get a grip on any part of it to open it! Clever witch that she was probably knew he would try to open them too. She had said that the package was not sealed with blood, but she had clearly charmed it against him specifically somehow. Regulus had decided that it was best that he spend the majority of his time in his trunk, only really coming out to use the bathroom and make food. He had realised that he was fascinated by muggles, they had some wonderful inventions that helped with their daily lives even without magic. The grangers has furnished their house with magnificent things that operated without any magic at all. It was a sort of magic of their own. There was a big chest that was standing up on its end with doors facing out that was cold all the time. And the cupboard underneath it had ice inside. He later found out this was called a refrigerator, and the underneath part was a freezer. It had answered, in his house growing up they had just had an ordinary cupboard that had a cooling charm on it. That muggles had a similar thing but with electricity was fascinating to him. He had also discovered something called a microwave. He had found instructions for it in a drawer in the kitchen. All you needed to do was open the door, deposit some food inside close the door, that was important he found, it didn't work with the door open, Turn the dial and food came out hot. It was incredible. He truly couldn't see what his parents had been talking about. The muggles didn't want to steal wizards magic, they had their own. 24th November 1979 Regulus had managed to make it the whole month with the mandrake leaf in his mouth, he had to spit the leaf into a vial when the next full moon arrived. It had to be bone in the full moons rays, so he was thankful it had been a clear night. The potion was made and ready to go, now all he was waiting for was a storm. It had been a week, and there had been no storms to speak of. He could be waiting months. The box in the corner, which he discovered was called a television, at various points during the day, but only if it was on, would talk about the weather. He had listened avidly but there was no mention of storms on the way on on the television either. He would have to wait, not that he had much choice. 18th December 1979 He had a plan, the television had said that there would be a storm on Dartmoor this evening, he had been there before. It was finally going to happen. He picked up the brown leather bag Hermione had left him, the tent was already inside the bag where he had left it. He picked up the potion he had made from the Mandrake leaf and apperated to Dartmoor. The report on the television had not said where ion Dartmoor the storm would be, but he was hoping it would be near to where he landed. As it happened the storm was right on top of where Regulus landed. He immediately set about pitching the tent, went inside it and waited for the storm to come. After an hour there was no storm as yet. It took three hours for the wind to pick up, and start to howl against the sides of the tent. It was not clear form the book if one had to simply be in the presence of a lightening storm or directly in it. After all this work he was not going to risk messing it up at the last minute. So when the first crash of thunder rang out above the tent. Regulus steeled his nerves and went outside "Amato Animo Animato Animagus" Regulus shouted above the noise of the howling wind. As the first lightning struck the ground a little too close for comfort, if he was being honest. He drank the vial of potion, he had spent so long making. Suddenly he's was not standing on his legs anymore. He was much closer to the ground He had wings. Looking down at his his body, he could see he was a bird, his feathers were black and shiny, he was a raven. A/N: I hope that you enjoyed that chapter. I love hearing your thoughts about the direction the story will go. I have written up to chapter 19 so far so i hope to post another chapter sometime mid week. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. A/N: Thank you to everyone who review the last chapter. That people are really liking my story is quite overwhelming really, So thank you so much for reading. Chapter 16 24th December 1979 Hermione would be arriving today. Baby Hermione with her parents. Regulus had set up the tent near to the cabin, but a bit of a distance away in case Hermione's parents decided to explore their grounds. He had disillusioned the text and placed a muggle repelling charm for good measure just in case. He had moved his trunk form Hermione's room and put it in the tent too. He had scourgified the cabin with the best spells he knew and it looked like no one had been there. Bringing an animagus was defiantly an advantage. That he could fly was a bonus, although it took a bit of practice taking off and landing, but he was a pro now. Now he sat waiting for them to arrive. From his perch on the roof of the cabin he had a clear view of the field he had walked across when he had arrived. Having explored habit since then he could knew on the other side of the house was a road that lead to the main road into the village. An hour or so later he heard the engine of a muggle car making its way up the road way that lead to the cabin. They were here. He watched as the car pulled up to the front of the cabin and stopped. A man got out, and walked around to the other side to open the door for his wife. The lady got out and quickly, and opened the back door and removed a large basket looking thing from the back seat. They were older than Regulus had been expecting. In their late 30's most likely, if he had to take a guess. But his focus was drawn to the occupant of the carry cot. He couldn't see much, but he could hear happy gurgling coming from that general direction. Hermione. His whole being seemed to relax. She was here, and she was OK. Once the family had made their way inside, Regulus flew down to the window ledge. He could see parents moving around inside, looking around he thought. He could see the basket on the table, but it no longer had the baby in it anymore. Satisfied that she was fine. Regulus flew directly into the tent, where he transformed back into his human form, and settled into an armchair a book. 27th December 1979 Christmas had passed without much fuss, Regulus had impulsively visited Grimauld place on Christmas day, just to see his parents, he knew he had to stay hidden, but he wanted to see them. He had stayed in his animagus form, perched on the railing closest to his old home, watching. They seemed to be getting along ok, he had watched his mother leave the house alone, visiting family he suspected, without him there he tended to doubt that his parents communicated very often. They were barely on speaking terms before. For most of the day he had stayed there. now, thinking back on it, he suspected he needed to say goodbye. He would never be able to in person of course. He was a blood traitor now, or he would be branded one when the the war was over and he was able to walk around freely once more. But that would not be for quite some time yet. For the most part he had spent his days, while Hermione and her parents were here, watching them, to make sure she was happy, or as happy as a three month old could be. From what he had gathered from his observations, Hermione seemed to be a somewhat fussy child. Having not spent a great deal of time around young children himself, that could be typical behaviour for a newborn for all he knew. He felt protective of the child that would grow up to be the woman who had saved him, saved everyone he hoped. Even if she herself, the baby Hermione who would grow up in this new future he was going to create, would have next to nothing to do with the war. He hoped that by the time she was old enough to be aware of such things, there would be no more war for her to be aware of, let alone participate in. Being able to transform into a bird had certainly had its advantages so far, and flying was more thrilling than riding a broom even. He had been able to write a letter to his friend Severus, who he knew had been becoming more and more disenchanted with the dark lord for a while now, he suspected it was because of the dark lords obsession with Lily and James, he had been present on a few occasions when they had managed to evade the dark lord and the fits of rage from the dark lord which followed had even his closest allies running from the room. The letter simply explained that he was safe and was in hiding, but not to reveal this to anyone. It was a risk but he trusted his friend. He had been able to deliver the letter to Serverus' home himself, and waited around for his reply. While he had been there he had heard Severus speaking to someone in the other room, about a spy who the dark lord had managed to procure to collect information form something called the order. He took the letter, playing the part of messenger bird well, and flew of with the reply in his beak. This could prove useful, he thought to himself. A/N: One more chapter them we meet Sirius. Hope that you enjoyed it. Let me know your thoughts in the comments. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. A/N: This is a shorter chapter, but the next one is over 5000 words so i hope that makes up for it! Thank you to everyone who has reviewed and favorited or followed this story, I am so pleased with the response to my story. Chapter 17 31st July 1980 It was today. The day that he had been waiting for like a child waits for Christmas morning. Today was the day he was going to contact his brother, as per Hermione's instructions. The past 6 months had been wholly uneventful, and if he was being honest with himself, rather boring. He had taken the time to go through everything that Hermione had left him in such detail he could probably recite the timeline of events which took place during the first and second waves of the war without looking at any of Hermione's notes. This was a good thing, and a bad thing. Good because he had a clear idea of exactly what they were trying to prevent, bad because things would change from the way they happened for older Hermione, and therefore he could miss something important that was new. He had taken to calling older Hermione, Hermione, and baby Hermione just mini to separate the two in his head as it was getting confusing. He had managed to procure the home address of the Grangers, and had been to check on them on a number of occasions. During one visit he had noticed wizards who he knew to be Death Eaters around Kensington where Mini and her family lived, so he had gone back that night and placed an modified ward and notice me not charm on their house, just as a precaution. He still felt very protective of this young witch who had given up everything so that others would have a better life, and he was determined that her life would be better too. The walls of his room in his trunk were covered in what he now referred to as 'the plan' it was a combination of the information Hermione had left him, and things he knew to be true and other information he had gathered during his time amongst the ranks of the death eaters. He regretted his decision to join, and had be permanently marked because of it, in more ways than one. After the war was won he was going to look for a way to get rid of his mark. It made him feel sick just to look at it. He hope that his time alone was coming to an end. Too much time looking at your regrets was not a good thing in his opinion. Hermione had said that the parcel for Sirius could not be delivered before 3:15 in the afternoon, but to expect Sirius to arrive shortly thereafter. He assumed that the information enclosed in the package would be as convincing as his had been. In order to send the package Regulus had transfigured his hair to be blond and alot shorter, so that he could go to the nearest wizarding district and visit the post owl store without being recognised. He had told them to deliver the parcel at 3.20 today just to be sure it was not delivered too soon. Looking at the clock that was on the wall of the cabin, it was nearing 3 30, the owl should made his delivery by now. The good thing about wizarding post wa that you did not actually need an address, the owl would find the wizard. He was thankful for this as he had no idea where his big brother lived these days. Regulus could feel the tension building with every tick of the clock. He had no idea if Hermione had let Sirius know that he was involved. His brother thought he was a death eater, he may have even heard that he had gone missing by now. Sirius had always been more of a hex first ask questions later sort, and Regulus was nervous about his brothers reaction. As the time passed be began to wonder if he had failed already, maybe the owl was too early, and for some reason Sirius did not believe Hermione's story, Just as Regulus decided that perhaps it was best for him to try to find Sirius himself, he saw a flash of blue light coming from the living room. There still slightly dazed looking from what he could only assume to be port key travel was his older brother. Sirius looked around the unfamiliar room. He could feel someone watching him, drawing his wand and turning quickly he came face to face with the last person he had expected to see, especially as he has been missing for the last nine months, his brother. "What the hell are you doing here?" A/N: I hope that you liked this instalment. I love reading your reactions so please leave share your thoughts. The next chapter we see Sirius recieving his letter from Hermione. :)
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. A/N: Thank you to everyone who has reviewed/followed/favourited so far. I am really glad you are enjoying the story. Chapter 18 31st July 1980 "Merlin would you look at that head of hair" Sirius whispered with awe as he held his best mates new born son. James was a dad now, His gut clenched with momentary fear as the thought that everything was going to change crossed his mind, but as he looked down at the tiny baby, he couldn't help but feel love for the little boy he held in his arms. "You'll be Godfather won't you Padfoot? James smiled from his seat on the hospital bed next to his tired wife. "Really?" Sirius choked out "Of course really you twat" James laughed "i would be honoured mate, thank you Lily" Sirius said as a fresh wave of love and protectiveness for the baby in his arms washed over him. "You are the best one we could think of Siri" Lily said with a yawn "Hey it was my idea you know" James huffed indignantly, getting up from his perch on the bed to retrieve the now whimpering child from his newly appointed Godfather. "Remus was gutted he wasn't here in time, but they didn't have any cover at the shop, but he said he will stop by once his shift has finished" Sirius said handing over the baby to his father. "He's hungry I think " Lily said holing her arms out for the child. "Right well, thats my cue to leave then, got to get ready for my shift later anyway, Moody gets a right bug up his arse if we're late" Sirius said, flustered with the thought of how exactly Harry was going to get fed, and rushed out of the room calling his good byes and I'll be by laters over his shoulder as he left. Walking out of the main entrance to St Mungo's and lighting a cigarette, Sirius took a breath and leaned against the wall next to the door. Everything was going to change now. Finishing his cigarette Sirius made his way to the apparition point down a nearby alley, looked around to make sure no muggles were about. Turned sharply and disappeared with a soft pop. He arrived seconds later in the front room of the flat she shared with Remus and Pete. Remus was still at work, there was evidence of his hasty departure this morning, he was probably running late, the moon was only two days ago, and he found it hard to get going in the mornings still. Pete had been staying with his mum as she had been sick recently, they hadn't seen him for a few weeks. A taping on the window in the kitchenette drew his attention. A rather large owl was perched just outside with a box. Sirius went to the window and let the owl in, He offered the massive creature a couple of treats and removed the package what was secured in a harness to his front. It was a small package but it had some weight to it. "No reply" Sirius said and the bird took one more treat and flew back out of the open window. The package was for him, he loved getting parcels. The package was wrapped in brown paper and held together with muggle sticky tape. Sirius ripped open the paper and threw it on to the table. Glancing at his muggle watch he noted that it was 3.30 Remus would be home at 5 and then they could go out for a pint to celebrate Harry's birth before he started work. Looking more closely at the paper he had torn off of the package, there was no return address, and he did not recognise the handwriting on the front. Curious. It was not often that he received anything from an entirely unknown source. His Auror training kicked in and he was slightly suspicious. The box was small, only just bigger than his hand, and slightly heavy. It was brown and unassuming. He cautiously open the lid, squeezing his eyes shut as if he was expecting some kind of explosion as he lifted the lid off. Nothing happened. There was a sealed envelope inside. He lifted the envelope out and noticed a small memory vial and another small box. Putting the envelope on the table he picked up the vial, he tried to get the stopper out, but it wouldn't budge. Bizarre. He didn't know why he tried to get the cork of the bottle off, he knew it was a memory vial, he would have to wait until he was with a pensive to look at it, and he didn't have one anyway. Picking up the letter again, he turned t over and broke the seal. He removed the letter, he plonked himself down in the chair next to him at the dining table and unfolded the parchment. Dear Sirius, My name is Hermione Granger, you do not know me, but I have some information for you in regards to the war that is currently escalating. You are one of the very few people that I trust with this information. I hope you will take what I am about to tell you seriously as it will not only affect your life, but also the lives of all of your friends, and most especially the life of your new Godson Harry James Potter. Please do not be alarmed. I realise that for you, Harry has only just been born, and that you have only just been made his Godfather. The information I have is far to sensitive to relay in a letter, if it fell into the wrong hands it could be catastrophic. For this reason I have included a pensive which will need to be resized in order to use it, and a memory vial containing more information. To open the vial let a single drop of your blood touch the cork in the bottle. Please make sure you are alone when you view the memory I have left for you. Not everyone you call friend can be trusted. Hermione Jean Granger What the hell, who is this woman, how did she know that I was Harry's godfather, he was only born 25 minutes ago. Sirius removed the bottle and the small box form the parcel. Inside the box was a bowl, he waved his wand over it and it immediately resized back to its proper size. It was by far the smallest pensive that he had seen, but it would do for the purpose. There was liquid in the pensive but it was completely still. He waved his wand over it and silently ended the stasis charm. The liquid began to ripple slightly. Waving his wand at the door, Sirius put up the strongest locking and silencing charms he could. The mention of Harry had put him on edge. What did she mean, not everyone you call friend could be trusted. He had to know. Casting a light severing charm on the tip of his finger, he waited for the blood to pool slightly, and touched his finger to the stopper on the bottle. Whoever this woman is, she certainly went to alot of trouble to make sure he was the only one who got this information. Removing the cork from the bottle, he poured out the memory from the vial and went down into the pensive. Immediacy a room began to form around him in a swirl of black mist. He was in a room, there was a fire lit in the corner that he could see, and a bed off to the left. In front of him stood a woman, she was looking in the mirror in front of her, but focusing on something behind her, it felt like she was looking straight at him. "Hello Sirius" the woman started "I am Hermione Granger, I have some information for you, and this is the most secure way I could think of to ensure you were the only one who would receive the information. What you do with the information is up to you, but I hope that you use it wisely. Not everyone around can be trusted. I am sure that you will find what I am about to tell you far fetched and nearly unbelievable, but I assure you I am telling you everything that I know. I only want to help you win this war, so that your life and the lives of people I love do not turn out the same way as they did before." She took a deep breath and seemed to Steele herself for something. She braced herself on the counter in front of her and looked back up to the mirror. "I am currently in the future. The year here is 2005. Harry, your new Godson was my best friend. He died. In 1998, fighting Voldemort, in what we call the final battle. I am sure you are aware by now, of the prophecy that was spoken about the child that would kill Voldemort. That child was Harry James Potter and he defeated Voldemort twice. The first time on the night of Halloween in 1981 when he was a year and a half old. Spared from a killing curse cast against him, that rebounded back onto Voldemort because of the willing sacrifice of Lily Potter, giving her life so that her son might live. The Second time in May of 1998, when, by allowing Voldemort to kill him he enabled us, on the side of light to kill Voldemort. Without his sacrifice, Voldemort could never be killed. Tears sprung to Sirius eyes, as he watch the tears stream down Hermione's cheeks as she told her story. He could see the truth of it in her eyes. As unbelievable as it was he just knew it was the truth. Hermione continued. "I am so sorry to tell you, but if we do nothing, James and Lily both will die on 31st October 1981. I am giving you this information so that it can be changed. I do not want my best friend to grow up alone, with no one around who loves him until he gets to Hogwarts. Eleven years is too long to be without family. " "Now on to the hard part. I am afraid the information I am about to give you will be difficult. But please persevere it is vital that you believe me. To that end I have collected some memories for you to watch, not all are mine, some belonged to Harry, that he left with me for safekeeping." "Sirius" Hermione said, and then paused, as if she knew his mind was whirling with the knowledge that his best mate was going to die. "Lily and James use a Fidelius charm to keep them safe after Voldemort decides that Harry is the child of the Prophecy. Their secret keeper sells them out to Voldemort and that is how he finds them on halloween. Sirius, their chosen secret keeper was Peter Petigrew. They chose him because you thought you would be to obvious, and would be hunted for the information. You all thought it would be safer if Pettigrew was the secret keeper. Peter Pettigrew is the mole in the order. I don't know exactly when Voldemort got to him, but it is sometime soon if it hasn't happened already. He had been giving Voldemort information for more than a year when the Potters died. I don't think that this is something that can be changed, Peter cannot be saved. He didn't go over to the other side because he believes in it, he simply wishes to align himself with power, who ever he thinks will win, and for that reason he will always be able to be turned. I am so sorry" Sirius was gasping for breath, this was too much, Peter, one of his best friends, is a death eater, or will be. He tired to deny what Hermione was saying, but the more he thought about it, the more sense it made. He had started to disappear more and more, "There is more, that night, when you discover Lily and James, Hagrid comes to take Harry, and not realising that everyone thinks that you were the secret keeper, you give Harry to him and go to find Pettigrew. When you find him, he mades a big display to draw attention, shouting that you killed Lily and James, He kills thirteen muggles and transforms into a rat and escapes to the sewer. He had cut off his finger and that was all they found of him. Sirius, you are framed for the murders of the muggles, and Pettigrew as well as Lily and James, people think you turned on your friends. You spent 12 years in Azkaban without a trial. I first met you in 1993 when you escaped because you saw a picture in The Prophet of the Weasley family on holiday in Egypt and recognised Peter's Animagus form." This was all too much, 12 years in Azkaban. No he couldn't do it. He wouldn't let that happen. She had said that they could change it, that was why she was giving him this information, so they could change it. Hermione was walking over to what he could now see was a large pensive. She picked up a few bottles and poured them into the pensive and he followed her down into it. It was quite an odd sensation being in a pensive while already in a pensive. "I have a few memories here to show you, I have no doubt that you believe me, but I wanted to you see what I am trying to prevent. I do not have any memories from the night Lily and James are killed, but I am not sure you would want to see those even if I did have then, these are from Harry and I, He really was my very best friend, and I miss him everyday. He watched as the room changed around Hermione. They were on a train, the Hogwarts express, he realised. He saw a much younger version of Hermione enter one of the compartment and look around "This was the first time I met Harry" Hermione said as she watched the scene unfold from just in front of him. "Excuse me, have you seen a toad anywhere, a boy called Neville has lost one" younger Hermione said Sirius looked about the cabin in front of him and gasped audibly, this has to be Harry, the boy is the spitting image of James, but he had green eyes, Lily's eyes. Tears welled up as he watched on, this was the boy he held not half an hour ago. Harry and a red headed boy just shook their heads, looking nervous, Sirius realised this was probably because The red headed boy had his wand pointed directly at his Rat, Sirius was in human form but he felt his heckles rise, Wormtail. He would recognise him anywhere. "Oh you're doing magic are you? Lets see then?" Hermione said with raised eyebrows as she went into the compartment and shut the door' Sirius could only focus on the Rat. If he was there, with the boy next to Harry, it was all true, why else would Wormtail be going to school as a familiar with this child if he was not in hiding. "Occulus repairo" Hermione said and he heard older Hermione chuckle at Harrys stunned expression as his glasses repaired themselves. The scene before them turned to black smoke and shifted and reformed into a new location. They were in the shrieking shack, he had spent enough time there to recognise it instantly. "This was the first time we met you" Hermione said, The redheaded boy was sprawled out on the old mattress in the shack, pointing at the something, the scene turns and younger Hermione and Harry who are looking older than the previous memory yelp when they see him. Sirius knows its himself he is looking at, but he looks terrible, hair limp and greasy, and he is far too thin, he is wearing prison robes. He looks so old. Its hard to take in all at once "He's the dog, It's a trap, he's an animagus" the Weasley boy squeaks out pointing directly at Sirius standing behind the the door of the front room of the shack. Harry points his wand straight at Sirius "If you want to kill Harry, you'll have to kill us too" Hermione shouts drawing her wand at the same time "I'm only going to kill one person tonight" Sirius says pointing at the red head "Me" Ron says as older Hermione chuckles softly. "Its strange looking back on this now, I remember being so scared when we first saw you, but looking back, knowing everything I know now, I feel slightly silly for how we reacted" Hermione said fondly. Remus, who has entered the fray by this point, look so much older, so many more scars that he has now. So many moons he must have spent alone Sirius is drawn away form his musings about Remus "No! I trusted you! I covered up for you. And all this time you've been his friend!He's a werewolf! That's why he's been missing classes" Young Hermione shouts pointing her wand at Remus Remus looks at young Hermione sadly. Its the same look he always gets when someone reacts to his secret. "I've regretted since that day that I outed him like that. Remus said he forgave me for it, but it still hurts to know I hurt my friend" Older Hermione said regretfully. "Enough talk! He dies. Now. If you won't do it with me, Remus, I'll do it alone" He hears the older version of himself shout in a slightly deranged tone of voice. Pointing a wand at the boy on the bed. "Wait Sirius" Remus says "I did my waiting! Twelve years of it! In Azkaban!" Sirius Shouts. The three teenagers are watching with stunned expressions, not sure who to point their wands at. "You betrayed my parents! You sold them to Voldemort!" Harry shouts, looking so much like his father when he is riled up "That's a lie, I would never have betrayed Lily and James" Sirius shouts with conviction "Harry please listen someone else betrayed your parents, Harry. Someone in this room right now. Someone who, until quite recently, I believed to be dead." Remus says softly "Come out Peter, come out and play" Sirius calls in a mocking voice, he sounds crazy even to his own ears as he watches his older self taunt the rat. "You said Peter before. Peter who?" Harry whispers desperately "Peter Pettigrew, He was at school with us, we thought he was our friend" Remus implores Harry to listen "Pettigrew is dead, they told me he was dead, you told me he was dead" Harry shouts "I thought he was. Until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the Map." Remus says "Harry inherited James Invisibility cloak his first Christmas, and the map he got from Rons older brothers, they were obsessed with you when we spent Christmas at Grimauld during 5th year, thats a couple of years away for them though" older Hermione says fondly Sirius is stunned that the map they created is still around all those years later, and he is so pleased that Harry manages to get his hands on it. That's as it should be Sirius thought. "The Map was lying then" Harry says The map never lies, Sirius thought to himself just as his older self and Remus both say the same thing. Sirius laughs inspirt of everything he is seeing. Sirius watches as Remus walks over to Ron, and takes the rat off of him. The rat starts squeaking madly. Remus puts it on the floor and aims his wand at it. The rat runs off, but Remus and older Sirius are able to force him to transform, and there in place of the rat, is Peter Pettigrew Sirius can't bear to watch the traitor beg for his life and turns around The scene shifts disappearing in a whirl of smoke "This is later on that same day, you had been captured and were waiting for the Kiss from the dementors but Harry and I used a time turner that I had been using to save you" They were flying, but not on a broom, they were on a bird of some kind, they were on a Hippogriff. They approached the top of one of the towers and landed on a small patio. Young Hermione dismounted the massive Bird and ran to the window which was next to the door and looked inside "He's in here" she whispered back to harry who was still you ted on the Hippogriff, keeping it calm "Alohamora" Young Hermione says aiming her wand at the door, which immediately springs open "Come on, Quickly, we don't have much time" Hermione whispers into the room she had now unlocked. "What are you doing here" the older version of himself asks Stunned "Rescuing you" Hermione replied sardonically "Where did you get a hippogriff?" Older Sirius says, still clearly confused about what is happening "Does it really matter right now? we've got to get you out of here" Harry says from the back of the Hippogriff Sirius watches himself climb on to the back of the Hippogriff and help young Hermione to sit in front of him, and Hippogriff takes off into the sky. The scene shifts again in a swirl of black smoke. "This is Harrys memory of the night that Voldemort returns, there had been a Triwizard Tournament in our fourth year, and Harry was chosen to compete. During the final task, the Triwizard cup, which had been charmed into a Port key, took Harry here to this graveyard. The death eaters used Harry's own blood to bring Voldemort back" They are in a cemetery, Harry is there with another boy holing a glowing trophy. Pettigrew is there and immediately casts an Avada at a boy standing near to Harry and he falls to the floor dead, as the green jet of light hits him square in the chest. "No, Cedric" the Harry shouts, but its too late Death eaters begin to apperate around Harry until he is surrounded and one of them grabs hold of him around his arms from behind. Harry struggles but he gets no where. There is a large cauldron set over a fire on one of the graves that draws his attention. Harry continues to struggle, and the Death eater obviously gets tired of fighting with I'm as he has him in the side of the head with his elbow, it was clearly a hard blow as the sound muffles as the boy struggles to remain standing. Hermione has turned away for the main action of the scene and Is looking at Harry with a painful expression on her face. Pettigrew approaches the cauldron and drops something in, then, with a knife in his hand he walks over to Harry and slices off a piece of his flesh, Hermione completely turns away, unable to watch any longer. Sirius feel sick, but he knows he has to watch. Anger like he has never felt before bubbles up inside of him. A bundle of what looks like blankets is being carried toward the cauldron, The bundle is dropped into the pot and it immediately starts to bubble and smoke rises from the top. He watches as a horrific figure starts to emerge from the cauldron. It is Voldemort, but he looks so different. His eyes are red and his head looks like the human version of a snake. Bracing himself with his hands on his knees Sirius looks away from the scene, unable to take anymore. The Scene Shifts again and he can see Hermione standing in front of him wiping her eyes as the scene continues to shift. There are in the kitchen at Grimauld place. He recognises it immediately, His older self is sat at a table with young Hermione, She is drinking a cup of tea, and he had what looks like a tumbler of Firewhiskey in his hand that he is swilling about. "This was the Summer we spent at Grimauld Place before 5th year, which was order head quarters at that point, Dumbledore had not allowed any of us to contact Harry for the whole summer" Older Hermione says "Did you manage to speak to him" older Sirius said "Sort of, he just shouted at us, I mean, I understand, he's angry, and there is nothing we can tell him, I don't understand why professor Dumbledore wouldn't let us write to him, so how can I defend not writing to Harry" Young Hermione said looking grief stricken. The older version of himself looks uncomfortable with the display of emotion from the teenager, but smiles fondly at her "It is too big a burden we have been asking you to carry, we forget that you are all still so young" Older Sirius said "I know you don't agree with the decision" Hermione interjected "No I don't, but I am not in a position to change Harry living conditions at the moment, so I have to toe the line so to speak" "But they're not feeding him, on purpose, normally I send snacks along with any owls I send but he's had nothing, and there is nothing I can do about it, and it makes me so angry. I trust Professor Dumbledore, but sometimes I wish I didn't" Hermione said strongly "He's here now, and if I have anything to do with it he won't be going back. You're a good friend to him Mione, and a good friend to me too I might add, I owe you alot, but I would ask that you just be there for him. He's going to need you by his side." Sirius said softly "He'll need you as well Sirius" Young Hermione smiled at him The scene shifted back to the room he was in at the beginning. Hermione walked back over to the mirror and faced it. "I'm so sorry for what you had to see, I know it must have been hard. But I would like to change it. And I am really hoping you will help. By this point in your timeline, I will have already changed something, which I am hoping will be a catalyst for changing everything. I found a spell you see, that allowed the user to go back along their own time line with the purpose of observing history in the making. Time travel work in such a way that should something change that was not meant to be changed, the timeline you currently live in would be erased and re written. So if you are watching this, the Me who I am now, actually no longer exists, because I changed an event that was a fixed point in this timeline. Or I will change it. Time travel is tricky like that. I haven't yet, but I will have by the time you watch this." Hermione took another breath as if bracing herself for a bad reaction. "I was born on 19th September 1979, so that is as far back as the spell would take me. I discovered an event that took place on 20th September 1979. This is the tricky part for you. But I promise I am telling the truth about him being trustworthy. Regulus, your brother discovered that Voldemort had made at least one Horcrux, that was the only one he knew about, we now know that in your time he would have actually made five by this point. But thats not the point. The point is, Regulus discovered the location of one of them and went to get it. In my timeline he died while finding it, but not before replacing the original Horcrux with a fake. This is the event that I will have charged. I am going to go back in time and save Regulus from the cave he died in in my timeline. The fact that you have received the package I left with him for you, shows that he is alive, and trustworthy. If everything has gone according to plan, for the last 9 months Regulus has been alone, and staying at my parents holiday cabin without their knowledge obviously. He has all of the plans that I have put together." His brother was alive, but should have died, Sirius had mixed feelings, he was relieved on one hand that Hermione, this strange witch that he owed so much already, had saved his little brother. But on the other hand he had been a death eater, last time they had spoken it had not ended well. Hermione said she trusted him, and he had got the package, but he would reserve his own trust until he saw it for himself. His friends lives were at stake. "I know it might be difficult for you ti trust him, you never spoke about him to me, I leave that up to you, but you will need to contact him, as he has more information for you. Can you at least trust him to give you the information. There is no way he could have tampered with it, it requires your blood specifically to open it, the same as the memory vial. Obviously it would be phenomenally unwise to tell any of this information to Peter Pettigrew, but I feel I should let you know that Remus is entirely trustworthy and we will need his help for this mission. I am not sure if has started by now, but you told me that Peter had started making you doubt Remus' loyalty to the order, he had done the same to Remus regarding you, and your distrust of each other lead to Remus believing you were the secret keeper and believing the lie when you went to Azkaban." "Now, I don't think that I have anything else for you at this point. Amongst the things Regulus is in possession of is another set of memories which hold more information for you and Remus, but also James and Lily. You are all welcome at my cabin to stay as long as you need to. Regulus has the dates when it will be in use for the next five years. So thats it I think. The memory vial is charmed to be a port Key that will take you to my cabin whenever you are ready. Just touch your wand to the cork and say Portus. Thank you for trusting me and I will see you again soon" Sirius came out of pensive gasping, his eyes wet with tears and his mind whirling around all of the information he had just been given. It had to be the truth, it was so far fetched it would not be believed if it was a lie. The memories could not be faked either. He had to act. If he did nothing his friends would die. A/N: Sooo...what did you think. Next chapter we meet Remus. it's all getting very intense. I hope you liked it. I love reading all your comments so please keep them coming, it's really encouraging to know people like my story. :)
