Hermione Granger knew she'll have to live up to the Wizarding World's expectations. She knew it from the moment Remus Lupin called her the brightest witch of her age. As if living in a tent with two teenage boys hadn't been enough. She stood in the Lupin's kitchen, waiting for Remus to finally come down. Teddy ran up to her and she knelt down so that she could pick him up. "Aunt 'Mione!" he yelled in her ear. Giving him a light kiss on the forehead, she said, "Hello to my most favourite boy in the whole world!" Remus gave her a hug and smiled, "Hermione! What are you doing here?" She grimaced, unsure on how to respond. "Er, well. I was going to ask for your help with something." He tilted his head, clearly encouraging her to continue. How was she supposed to delve into the subject without making him think about his dead friends? "I was hoping you could accompany me to the Department of Mysteries ... in the death chamber room." She immediately felt bad when he paled. Clearing his throat, he asked, "Ah. I thought you quit that job? Please don't tell me you're changing again." He was right. Right after graduating, she had gotten a job as an Unspeakable and she did much research on the Veil. Despite her interest, the multiple voices she heard from the damn curtain and the memories of the Battle made it much harder for her to work there. She eventually decided to quit, with the goal of making Werewolf-friendly bills and creating the Lupin Act. Ever since then, she had grown quite close to the sandy haired man standing in front of her and even went as far as calling him one of her best friends. On the other hand, the Wizengamot failed to get used to a muggleborn being involved in their legal matters and because of her annoyance on their excuses, she ended up joining the Auror department. Once her and Harry were assigned as partners, he joked about them always meant to be working together and deep in their hearts, the almost-sibling duo was glad about it. Since then, Umbridge has been waiting for Hermione to do a mistake and stop spreading her mudblood hands and brains over every single Wizarding job she could think of. Needless to say, Hermione had long bid goodbye to the goosebumps inducing job she had first gotten. Though that was before she started having incredibly disturbing dreams of Harry's parents and godfather. Had it been a one time thing, she'd have let it go. Instead, they were constantly coming up to her as soon as she closed her eyes. All they chanted over and over again was revertere anima, revertere anima, revertere anima— No, she had no interest in working there again, but she hoped she could figure out what was going on with her. She assumed it had something to do with the death chamber because of Sirius' death. It would be completely out of character for Hermione Granger to leave her questions unanswered. Maybe this is why people joked about her behind a closeted Ravenclaw, she mused. Hence why she decided to ask Unspeakable Lupin for entrance. The problem was deciding on what to tell him. In efforts of appearing nonchalant, she shrugged, "I had some research started and you know me. Always finishing what I started." He stared at her. "That was three years ago." After giving him a glare, she begged, "Come on. Please? There's just this one thing I need to do. I'll even babysit Teddy so you and Tonks can go out this weekend." "Fine. I'll go tell Dora and we can go," he sighed. She gave him a smile that could blind the sun. :::: Walking in the same room that she had grown to despise turned out to be quite an underwhelming experience. Maybe it was because she had been thinking about it for so many months now that she didn't find her surroundings much surprising. She could even say she felt excitement. With a lot of pleading, she had convinced Remus to stay outside of the doorway. All she had to do now was stand in front of the Veil and pray to Merlin she won't do anything stupid. Clearly, saying a spell you dreamed of and not knowing what it does didn't equal as stupid to her. It equaled to fucking madness to everyone else. Gripping her wand tightly, she stepped forwards and finally said, "Revertere anima!" For what felt like an eternity, all she could hear was the sound of her own heart thudding against her chest. She scrambled backwards when the veil started shaking. She tried to scream but even that came out as a whimper. "Hermione!" She heard Remus call out to her and glanced at him running towards her. Before she could turn around, her legs weakened and she fell on the floor. Her friend grabbed her shoulders with panicked eyes. "What did you—" They dragged their eyes away from each other only to see three people standing in front of the same curtain that well, just exploded. "Moony?" With that, she let blackness take over. Sirius Black thought of himself as the most almost perfect man on earth. That was before he got his life fucked over because of a Dark Lord. When he fell behind the Veil, he immediately regretted his cockiness that he once loved. Taunting Bellatrix ended up killing him and eventually, he had accepted that. Getting to see James and Lily again played a big part in that. They had tearfully embraced each other and he had repeatedly begged for forgiveness for fucking up so badly. Once the couple sat him down and reassured him that they never blamed him for anything, he felt at peace after a long time. So why the fuck was he back again in the same room with his best friend and his wife? He blinked repeatedly when he saw his other best friend kneeling beside a curly haired witch. "Moony," he heard Prongs exclaim from behind. Was Remus dead too? They started walking towards him, while he continued staring at his friends as if they were ghosts. Which, they might be, Sirius mused. "Wha—" Remus said. He stood up and hugged his apparently no longer dead best friends. "Are you- Are you real?" Lily looked around in confusion and smiled at him hesitantly, "Seems like we are." With tears in his eyes, Remus looked at the woman still laying on the ground and muttered, "You brilliant witch." James wiggled his eyebrows at the werewolf and asked, "Who's that, Moony?" Remus' face split into a grin, "She's the one who brought you back! I-I don't know how but of course Hermione did it." Hermione. "Huh I think I remember that name..." Everyone looked at him and he raised his hands in surrender. "No one I shagged." Remus shook his head, "Of course not." Faking hurt, Sirius gave him a pout, "What's that supposed to mean?" "She's Hermione Granger." Lily clapped her hands and beamed. "James! That's our son's best friend." While Remus sent a couple of Patronuses, Sirius took his time to look at her and was blown away by how different yet similar she looked. Her curls looked somewhat softer now, but if you stared for long enough, you'll see the same set of freckles splattered across her button nose. Sirius admitted she looked beautiful. Way too beautiful for someone he remembered to be so fucking infuriating. Even her beauty unnerved him and he nearly tripped behind the veil again. He groaned loudly when he realized something. "She saved my bloody life for the second time now!" :::: It took more than a week to reunite with everyone and get used to a life where Voldemort wasn't a part of it. As sick as it sounded. Harry stuck with all of them for every hour of every day in fear of them disappearing again. With a deep pang in his chest, Sirius felt like a disappointment again for leaving his godson to deal with the war all by himself. Though, he admitted he was glad that Harry ended up having his two best friends with him. He learned the Weasley kid abandoned the two for a while, but he couldn't get mad at him for it considering Sirius wasn't there as well. And had she not been dead already, Sirius would've made sure to kill Bellatrix the moment he learned of the torture Hermione endured. Lily broke down the second she saw the slur carved on her arm and James had to take her away. When Harry told him of how much he regretted breaking the taboo and getting her hurt, Sirius told the younger boy that mistakes are inevitable. The little witch who brought all of them back was still under magical exhaustion and had yet to wake up. The Wizarding world ended up making assumptions on how she brought back the dead. Some started saying that she gave herself to the Veil to have them back, others even ran with the rumours of her using Dark magic. In short, they've all been waiting for her to wake up. Sirius would be lying if he said that he also didn't want her to wake up as soon as possible. They were having breakfast at Grimmauld Place and Sirius was brought back to reality when Harry's voice rang throughout the room from his patronus. Sirius picked up his pace, in the excitement of finally hearing her voice again. Despite being annoyed by it in the past, he admitted she had only nagged because she cared for her friend's godfather and he should let it go. Especially after her giving him all he ever hoped for. His best friends together with their children. Did he say how much he adored Teddy? He looked inside the room and glanced at her curls sprawled over Harry's shaking shoulders. The two cried together, unaware of everyone else's presence. He picked up Harry's muffled voice repeating his 'thank you's' over and over again. Hermione shook her head, held his face between her hands and gave him a watery smile. "Anything for you," she said, her voice soundly breaking under sobs. His heart warmed a bit at the sight and then it caught on fire. She looked up and his eyes met with the warmest colour he ever felt he could see. Tear streaks were shining on her rosy cheeks and he was stunned to hear her voice say his name with such amazement. He swallowed, giving her a wry smile. "How many life debts are you planning on collecting, little witch?" "Doesn't matter as long as Snuffles is alive." He lost himself under her words and he could barely make out of what the rest of his friends were telling her. All he could see was her head shaking, a blush tinting her cheeks, and her plump lips forming words in such a delicate manner he would hate to let go of her lips with his own at any time. Now, where that thought had come from, Sirius did not know. All he could think about for the next few months was the way her eyes shone when she talked about wizards and witches she and Harry caught at work. The way her nose scrunched when she tried to hide her amusement at one of his jokes. She always failed at that and he was very proud of himself. Maybe even the way she nibbled on her lower plump lip when she concentrated on whatever she was working on. Or the way her soft curves caught every single wizard's attention whenever she entered a room. He wasn't sure if that was such a good thing. He had started considering Hermione his angel, much to everyone's amusement whenever he pointed it out. Harry would always snort and say that she was in fact an angel. The guardian angel that helped him defeat one of the strongest Dark wizards they had come to know. Hermione Granger came to be the world's brightest witch of The age, everyone's angel, and his kitten. Needless to say she shot him a dirty look whenever he called her that. Hello. I'm not sure if I want to just leave this be a one-shot or continue it for a few more chapters. I'll see if anyone likes it!
"Sirius Black, you're the fucking dog," she screamed. "No, that's Padfoot," he threw back at her as she walked away, slamming her room's door. Sirius saw James and Lily enter the kitchen, eyeing the retreating witch and turning to him with accusing stares. "What did you do now?" his redheaded friend asked incredulously. "I may or may not have asked her where she was last night and er, insinuated she was a female dog," he grimaced, rubbing the back of his neck while he recalled the look on her face. Sirius admitted it was wrong of him to say that. He'd just been too pissed to care about whatever was coming out of his mouth at the time. They had all gone out last night. The witch had presented herself in a tight red velvet dress that hugged her lovely arse, leaving everyone appreciating it. The way music had buzzed around his ears when he watched her walk in, left him absolutely pissed. Sirius tried convincing himself he was just finding her attractive. He said that he couldn't even call it an infatuation. No, he scoffed at the idea. That was Hermione Granger he was talking about. He protested that it was merely an appreciation for a woman's beauty. Sirius Black was not one to be hung up thinking of just one witch. It'd been three months for Merlin's sake! The two of them always managed to get a rise out of each other, leaving everyone else waiting as they calmed down, apologized and proceeded to talk to one another as if they hadn't just had a spat. He liked that about them, he admitted while he chatted up with a few other witches for the rest of the night. He was planning on approaching her but just as he took a step forward, Blaise Zabini led her outside, his arm wrapped around her waist, and apparated away. Sirius barely slept a wink, in hopes of catching sight of her or even hearing her stumble through the fireplace like she usually did. She could give Tonks a run for her money when it came to Flooing and tripping. Instead of last night, the floo roared by the time he was finished having breakfast. She'd greeted him with a radiating smile and her heels resting in her small hands. For once, he was too blind with jealousy to stare at the radiating quirk on her lips and not her mussed curls and smudged red lipstick.. He loathed his brain for supplying with images that should never be made public. Sirius gripped the edge of the table hard before he addressed her. "Where were you?" Hermione blinked, "I was with Zabini." "I know, but where did he take you?" he crossed his arms, staring at her. "That's none of your business," she replied hotly as she narrowed her eyes. He ignored her tone and look of warning he got every time he proceeded to piss her off. He knew he was going too far, but the irritation that had been building up inside of him all night urged him to continue. And he did. "Did he kick you out of his house before or after you begged for a signature hickey?" Marching up to him, she jabbed her finger against his chest. Her hair crackled, magic running through her curls, and her cheeks flushed darker than they were before she arrived. He would've been proud over the darker tinge of her cheeks had it not been for the circumstances. "Who are you to ask me that?" she retorted, chastising him for his vulgar language. "No one special, of course. You leave that spot for other men," he muttered as he grabbed her wrist and pulled her against his chest. "Tell me," he whispered, wearing a tight expression, "how many guys have you left in the morning like this?" She pushed him away and gave him a strained laugh. "Ah, it must've hit too close. Women leaving you after shagging you before you can even blink." "Are you calling me a slag?" "No, you're the one insinuating I'm a fucking bitch." "Well maybe you are!" He blinked at the unshed tears filling in front of his gaze. "I— Hermione I didn't—" He started taking a step towards her, but she put out her hand to stop him, stepping back. "Don't." She shook her head and he could see tears flowing down her no longer flushed cheeks. Hermione screeched, "Sirius Black, you are the fucking dog." She stormed away and headed to her bedroom, leaving him to watch her back dejectedly. He let loose a string of curses. That wasn't how he expected the day to go. As he recalled the event, he was brought back to reality when James groaned. "Padfoot out of all days, you chose today to make her mad." His friend stopped for a second before he added, "More mad than usual." Sirius stared at him. "Why, what's today?" James opened and closed his mouth numerous times. "Oh no, just the birthday of the girl you supposedly like and finished calling a bitch," Lily deadpanned. "Fuck." His friends looked at him in disbelief before James spoke up again. "Alright, Pads. I'm not going to ask what your intentions are with Hermione because I'll leave that job to Harry and Remus, but I want you to know that I've grown quite close to the witch and Lily here considers her er, sister or daughter?" he asked, glancing at his wife. "Daughter, I think. Gods I'm 21 and I have kids older than me." ::: After making the couple promise that they won't tell Harry of what transpired that morning, he stood in front of Hermione's door. He raised his hand to knock and the door slammed open before it could touch the hard wood. His eyes drank the sight of the woman facing him and softened. Her curls had now turned frizzy and her eyes were bloodshot red, all because of him. He swallowed, "I'm sorry, kitten. I really didn't mean to call you that." When Hermione stayed silent, he spoke up again. "I was worried, for you I mean. But I still shouldn't have acted like that." He watched as fury left her eyes and a frown knitted her brows together. Inhaling, she met his eyes and mumbled, "It's alright. I've called you worse other times." His lips parted a breath and he repressed the urge to crush her in his arms as she gave him a small, lazy smile. He decided on leaning against the wall instead and giving her the smile that he only saved for her. Sirius hoped he would one day be able to explain the intensity and meaning behind it. She blinked at the hand he held out and Sirius tilted his head as he explained, "Would Lady Granger like to watch a filp before going to the Weasley's?" She chuckled and gave him a nod, interlacing her fingers around his. "It's called film, Sirius." "Alright, brightest witch of our age."
They settled on the same couch, sitting opposite each other with their limbs tangled together under the blanket. He insisted that she chose the movie and for some crazy reason, she decided on watching one that ended with Hermione weeping and Sirius shifting uncomfortably in his seat. With the popcorn long forgotten and pushed aside on the table, he glanced at her. She was wiping off the last traces of the tears she'd shed and when she caught him watching, she gave him a sheepish smile. He rolled her eyes at her adorable behaviour. Merlin, he'd become just like Prongs. "Why would he marry her if he knew she was going to die?" he blurted out, breaking the silence. She blinked at him thoughtfully and twirled a lock of her hair; yet another habit he'd come to love. "He loved her and he knew it was better to love her till the last breath she took, instead of regretting not doing anything when he had a chance," she answered after a moment. The image of a familiar couple flooded through his mind and he nodded in understanding. "Ah, so like James and Lily." "Yes," she gave him a fond smile, probably recalling her new friends. He briefly thought of how lucky he was to like someone who managed to get along with his best friends and fit in as if she'd known them forever. "—they knew there was the risk of a growing war, but that didn't stop James from proposing. He knew he wanted to spend all the time he had with Lily," she finished. He nodded mutely and paused to look at her again. "Would you have done that?" he asked, uncertain. She gave him a startled look. "I'm sorry?" "Would you have taken the risk to marry someone . . . say during the war?" he repeated, shuffling underneath the blanket that laid upon the two of them. Her socks tickled the hair on his legs, but he didn't mind. "I might have, yes," she said slowly. "If I truly loved that person unconditionally, I might've married them right away." His eyes gleamed with curiosity. "Then, why didn't you?" Her voice took over the tone he'd remembered her using whenever she mouthed every single piece of knowledge she owned. "It's quite simple. I didn't really have anyone like that in my life—and if I did—I wouldn't have done that to Harry." At his confused stare, she scoffed, "What do you think he would've done had I told him I was getting married? He would've told me to stay back, safe with the guy, while he sacrifices himself and tries to defeat Voldemort all by himself." Sirius stared at her, astonished by the loyalty she so casually displayed. Her eyes brightened with a fire and he was proud to say he was there to witness it. No Voldemort or Death Eater could ever dampen her determination, though Bellatrix came close to it. He fought the urge to caress the scarred skin of her forearm. Instead, he leaned forward and clasped her hands together with his. "You're a great friend," he told her truthfully and stared at the caramel flecks in her eyes. They softened instantly at his words and she preened under his praise. He gave her a wide smile when red tinged her cheeks. He was grateful that this time it was due to his applause, not his taunting. He was getting there, slowly but surely. She gnawed on her lower lip and checked her watch. "We should probably get ready and go," she announced, getting up and slipping her feet in her slippers. He nodded dumbly, still focusing on the sudden loss of warmth he felt even while still under the blanket. He shrugged it off and stood to face her. Tugging on a stray curl and pushing it behind her ear, he gave her a lazy smile. "Get your fur ready, kitten," he teased. She rolled her eyes and left the room, not before sticking her tongue out at him and giving him a rude gesture that would have the younger Hermione gasp. Sirius shook his head fondly and he headed to his room to dress and make sure his glorious locks of hair highlighted his undeniable good looks. A fair half an hour later, he stood in front of the fireplace and waited for the birthday girl. He realized that he let it slip that they were going to the Weasley's. He stifled a groan for being unable to keep the surprise party a secret from her. Was there anything—really, anything—that the witch did not manage to know? He snapped out of his thoughts when she walked in, oh so gracefully. A wide smile bloomed on her plump, pink tinted lips and his own quirked up. He slowly dragged his eyes down her body, drinking in every dip, every line, every shape, and every slope of her features. Her soft, yet tight, pastel pink dress left him marveling at how beautiful she looked, with her mass of curls shading into a golden, yet still brown halo due the light hitting from behind. She cleared her throat and he looked back at her, not looking remotely embarrassed for blatantly checking her out. He placed a lingering kiss on her small, soft hand and he didn't let go of it until they moved to grab the Floo powder. "You look absolutely gorgeous," he told her with a winning smile, looking at her just for a few more seconds before yelling out his destination. He blinked numerous times and moved ahead to give Hermione some space as she arrived. He watched her wobble unsteadily and he was quick to place an arm around her waist to steady her. "Easy there," he murmured. She nodded mutely, before surveying the changes the Burrow decorated. They walked in together and his heart warmed up at the sight of the witch in his arms. Hermione beamed, her cheeks reddening in dark and even darker shades as guests proceeded to approach her, wishing her a happy birthday. Sirius saw his best friends staring at his arm, still placed around her waist, and sporting matching raised brows. He sighed and reluctantly let go of her, letting different people drag her Merlin knows where. He strolled to the men he grew up with and pursed his lips when they sniggered at him. "Not a word," he warned. James clapped his back and grinned. "I see she still tolerates you—" "—and you're still trying to woo her," drawled Remus, giving him a knowing look he'd grown to groan at. "Yes, well . . ." he cringed, rubbing the back of his neck. "I'm still new at the chasing part." He wasn't being arrogant. It really needn't be said for everyone to know the effects he had on the women and men around him. Sirius Black had an abundant charm; the fairer sex not even giving him the chance to woo anyone because they were the ones chasing him with never-ending love. Of course, Hermione had to be different and he didn't mind. Sirius repeatedly told himself to be patient, and patient he would be. "Hermione!" called out a familiar voice. "Harry," she greeted with a smile, reaching out to give him a hug. She let go of him as soon as he complained about death due to hair suffocation. Rolling her eyes, she interrupted whatever he was about to say and told him bluntly, "You know, it's about time you do it." Confusion flickered across his face before embarrassment came flooding in. He raked his fingers through his own awful hair and let out a groan. "I know I should. Dad told me the same thing and I even have it in my pocket right now—I should just do it today, shouldn't I?" She stood calmly, letting him stumble through his words before she placed a hand on his shoulder. "There's nothing to be nervous about. She loves you, Harry." She watched him square his shoulders and give her a reluctant nod, before hollering to across the yard where his girlfriend stood. She felt a fond smile tug at the corners of her lips, looking at her childhood best friend and waited for him to finally get on his knees and propose to Ginny. She abruptly turned around when a patronus, Head Auror Robard's she recognized, called for her attention before speaking out. "Auror Granger, your presence in needed at the Department of Mysteries. Come quickly." She grabbed her wand from the holster she wore around her leg and transfigured her dress, turning it into the proper shirt and pants. She drew a breath, preparing to apparate but stopped when she heard Harry call out her name. She turned around to face him and shook her head. "I'll manage, Harry. You make sure to do what you were planning or I'll come throttle you." Without giving him a chance to respond and failing to see Sirius making his way to her, she let the familiar tug in her gut take her away. Blinking rapidly, she glanced at her boss. She made her way to him, studying his face to find a clue as to what the issue was. "What's going on?" she finally asked when she reached him. Relief took over his face. "Amos Diggory has broken into the Death Chamber and refuses to break the wards until he speaks to you." Hermione remembered seeing the man briefly a couple of times in her fourth year, but after Cedric's death she hadn't gotten the chance to meet him again. Giving him a tense nod and swallowing down the memories of the Third Task, she briskly stormed past the crowd and made her way up to the room she'd been in months ago. Another Auror stood in front of the door, trying to coax the man inside to give in. She gestured him to stand aside and took slow tentative steps towards the barrier the ex-Ministry worker had created. "Mr. Diggory?" she called out, grabbing his attention and forcing him to turn away from the Veil. "Please, get out of there. That room isn't safe," she advised, fear rising quickly at his closeness to the loathsome curtain. The older man trashed his head, refusing to surrender. Sighing to herself, she drew a breath to stay calm. "Then, maybe you can let me come in?" she tried to press. He surprisingly altered the wards with his wand, waving his hand in a strange, unfamiliar motion. She gave the Auror a look, silently telling him to memorize what he was doing and find out what kind of magic he was using. After receiving a reluctant nod and seeing him turn around to find a Curse-Breaker, she gripped her wand tightly and reluctantly walked up to him. Careful not to agitate him further, she gave him what she hoped looked like a genuine smile. "Mr. Diggory, it's nice to meet you again. I heard you were calling for me." His glazed eyes met hers and he gave her a haunted look. "Granger," he cried out. He strode to her, ignoring her raised wand and grasped her shoulders. "You need to bring back my son!" Grabbing his wrists in a tight hold and trying to pull away from his hold, a frown marred her face. "I'm sorry, Sir. I can't do that." He pulled away, the loss of his weight making her stumble slightly before she shot him a Stupefy. He moved out of the way and yelled out Bombarda. She ducked down and stood back up, calling out Locomotor Mortis at him. He blocked it with a shield and yelled a Flipendo. She cursed under her breath as she jerked around the blue beam of light and her feet faltered. He immediately shot an Impedimenta, hitting it square in her chest. The force threw her backwards and she fell on her backside with a rugged sway. As he inched closer to her, her fingers skimmed the cold tiles, anxiously looking for her wand that flew out of her hand. She felt the familiar walnut wood under her palm and her breath hitched, before scrambling to get it. A shade passed on Diggory's face. "Crucio," he cried out with the same cruel, wicked smile and tone she hadn't seen since the day she writhed on the floor at Malfoy Manor. She frantically slid out of the way, unconsciously letting the Veil tug her closer. Not allowing herself to give in to the panic, she breathed in sharply when he shot a Sectumsempra at her and she failed to block it. Crimson blood pooled in and she hastened to breathe out the counter spell—intense pain still squeezed around her stomach—before he lunged forward and she watched with dread as he, oh so ironically threw Bellatrix Lestrange's old wand into the Veil. Hermione Granger was fucked.
Hermione tried to pull energy from within her to stand up—or even just buy some time—but once he yelled out Crucio, she knew she had no more to give. The blood she'd lost from before did nothing but weaken her limbs further. A familiar cry ripped itself from her mouth, her body shaking in agony. Her nails ripped into her palms, her senses rapidly deteriorating. Her head pounded, feeling as though it was being split open with a slow, chilled knife. She shook violently and her vision faded as she tried to turn her head towards the door. Her blurred eyes caught the sight of the mop of black hair she'd grown to adore. Her screaming stopped and she heard the thumping of feet approaching. Diggory clutched her sleeve and dragged her weight back up, the screaming pain from her body increasing heavily. "STOP!" she heard Harry scream, panic evident in his voice. The older man ignored him, instead forcing her limp body to face the Veil, close enough to feel the chilling breeze it erupted. His eyes flashed and he brought his hands up to hold her by her throat, clutching it tightly. A wail poured from her mouth, but he didn't let go. "Stop lying, you bitch," he spit out, dark and fierce. "You brought your friends back and if you don't give me my Cedric, I'll throw you in there myself," he threatened, his fingers still holding onto her limp body with a death grip. A black pit opened in her stomach in a promise to swallow her whole and she gasped for breath. Fear spiked through her half-alert mind and she managed to choke out, "I don't know how—please. It was by accident." He roared in anger and he continued to push her closer to her inevitable death. She felt her blood drain, when the wards broke and Harry ran inside, separating them both and pushing them on each side of the room. Her ribs crunched painfully, but she didn't care to mind as she hit the ground. Her head lolled to the side and she heard Harry scream out Petrificus Totalus. His voice leaked in cold and sharp and the thud she caught told her what was happening. Harry's steps started sounding louder, with twice the speed. He dropped to her side and she saw a glimpse of his worried and fearful face. "Hermione! Don't worry, you—I'll get you out of here. I promise." The panic in his voice was evident and she suppressed the need to comfort him like she was so used to. She clutched the front of his robes with a vice like grip, fearful that if she let go, they would both slip into the Veil. He helped her off the ground, voice trembling as he murmured encouraging words and soothed her back. She held back a whimper, desperate to look at the bright emerald hues of his eyes—find the usual love and warmth they bore—and eventually gave in to darkness. Hermione's eyes fluttered through her thick lashes. She was grateful for the drawn curtains in whatever room she was in, before panic came flooding in at the thought of being inside the Veil. Only after she saw Sirius' hair sprawled all over her lap, with his hand clutching hers, did she release a shaky breath. Sirius shot up his head at the movement, then his eyes widened momentarily and his shoulders sagged in relief. "Kitten," he murmured. "I was so worried." He sounded tired, and his voice was hoarse. "What happened?" She grimaced at the groggy tone coming out of her dry, parched throat. A shadow fell over his face and he drew small circles on top of her hand with his thumb, their fingers still intertwined. "Harry received a patronus sometime after you left. He stopped the fucker and got you here soon after the Curse-Breaker broke through the wards." He helped her sit up and she settled back with a wince, her head beginning to pound. "Where am I?" she asked, after taking the glass of water he handed her and gulping down a big sip. "We're at St. Mungo's. Harry left just now—shit, I should probably call that git of a Healer," he told her through gritted teeth, his voice trailing off as he headed out of the room momentarily and came back with the git, as he so called him. Hermione relaxed when she saw the Healer she'd gotten used to seeing. She grinned, though it came out as a grimace, and Sirius gave her a surprised look. "Malfoy," she greeted. "Granger," he nodded, waving his wand to attend her injuries and cast a diagnostic charm. "I see you've been making new enemies." "Yes, well . . ." she shrugged. Sirius looked bewildered. "You're okay with this? With . . . him?" he questioned, his lips curling up in distaste at the last part. "Why should I not be? Sirius, he is not his father and maybe we shouldn't talk about this whilst he's in the room." "Fifty points to Gryffindor," muttered Malfoy, unfazed by Sirius' reaction and she rolled her eyes. "How are you feeling? I need you to drink this potion for the Cruciatus after-effects." "Well—it's nothing I haven't experienced before," she joked and shrunk immediately when she received two glares. She swallowed the green liquid she was given, ignoring the foul smell it erupted and blanched at the now empty vial. "Yes, Granger. Not the best taste. Maybe you should become a Potioneer, instead of hunting down wizards," he advised, moving away from the bed and still not looking at Sirius. "I think I'm good," she told him and tried to give him a shrug, but stopped immediately at the sharp pain in her shoulders. "Are you sure?" Sirius demanded, throwing his hands up in the air and looking at her with eyes so wild she hadn't seen since fifth year. "Because as far as I know, you were inches away from falling into the Veil and fucking dying, Hermione!" "Sirius Black! Give the poor girl some space," said a voice at the door and they all turned to see the Potter's and Weasley's scurry by her bedside. Malfoy quietly slid out of the room and she stifled a tired sigh. Instead, she turned to Lily and gave her a small smile. "Thanks, Lily." Lily looked over her frame in worry before meeting her gaze and smiling back. "You're welcome. How are you feeling?" "How do you think she's going to feel after going on a mission alone?" Harry asked, sounding exasperated and. Hermione groaned and turned to look at him as he sat down by her legs. "Not you too," she pleaded and he glared at her for a few seconds before looking down in defeat. He raked a hand through his hair. "Sorry," he murmured. "Did you do it?" she asked after a couple of beats. "Huh—Oh, I did. She said yes," he grinned, though the worried turmoil could still be seen in his eyes. "Congratulations!" She smiled at the ring that sat on Ginny's finger. The redhead walked closer to her and put her hands on her hips. "Now we just need my bridesmaid to get well soon." Hermione's smile broadened at her words and she let her body slump against the bed. She glanced around the room and sighed in content, knowing well that she was safe and with the people she loved. Though her smile soon slipped and Harry, being the shrewd boy he was, caught it. "What is it?" "What happened to Diggory?" Hermione felt her throat begin to grow tight as soon as she asked. He clenched his jaw. He looked so much older when he did so. "We took him for questioning and found out he was being Imperiused." She thought back to his glazed eyes and nodded. "Did you find out who was behind it?" He shook his head and she bit her lip, careful to not bombard him with questions. Sirius moved up against the wall and started approaching her with small steps, looking at her expression carefully. He watched her yawn and spoke up. "I think," he began, his voice soft but clear. "We should let her get some sleep." She swallowed, unable to look away from his gaze. Hermione couldn't deny that Sirius Black was able to stir up intense emotions in her. She wasn't sure she minded at all. Slowly, the room began to empty, leaving behind a weary looking Sirius. She watched him slump against the chair by her bedside. "You don't have to stay," she told him, careful not to give away the hope that dimmed slightly in her stomach. His eyes flickered to hers and he gave her a lazy smile. "Oh, but I want to," he murmured, gently tapping the tip of her nose with his index finger. She let out a huff and he leaned in closer, holding her lightly to help her lay back down. He smoothed the pillow against her head and fixed the blanket draped on top of her. He ran a hand through her curls and soon enough, she welcomed sleep once again. "Why haven't you eaten yet?" He crossed his legs and looked back up from the magazine he was reading. He shook his head and his face split into a grin. "I thought we could eat together." "You should've told me!" she sputtered. It had been almost a week since the accident and Sirius had been stuck to her hip practically twenty-four hours seven. Not only that, he'd even stopped riling her up and she wasn't sure she liked that. She was sure she'd hit her head very hard. He gestured with his hand, silently telling her to join him. She complied, shuffling quietly as she sank down to face him across the table. "Why are you being so nice?" she finally blurted out as they began to eat. His brows arched high on his forehead in disbelief and he slowly set down the glass of firewhiskey he was holding. "You don't want me being nice?" "Yes—No . . . I mean. I just don't understand why you're acting different," she stammered, eyeing him appraisingly. "Well," he said, his tone now starting to sound defensive. "I guess I just momentarily regretted being a dick to you so many times when I . . ." "When you?" His voice cracked and he cleared his throat. "When I found out you were hurt. I guess I just realized I should've probably treasured the moments we spent together. And I even had plans," he said, rubbing the back of his neck. She bit down a fond smile, noting how adorable Sirius Black looked. "Plans like what?" "Plans like watching more movies with you," he told her with a sincere expression and anyone would've been a fool to deny him that. "Of course, we can do that!" she beamed at him and clasped her hands together. She was being honest; she'd loved spending time with him ever since he came back and deep down, she wanted to jump on the chance of getting to know him more. When they had that conversation the day of her birthday, she saw a whole different side of him and she was amazed at how gorgeous he looked, listening to her and nodding thoughtfully. Never, she thought as she stared at him, did she think someone could be so perfect. He was beautiful in every sense of the word, inside and out. He cleaned up nicely; the signs of Azkaban no more haunting him like a trail behind him. She always struggled not getting lost in his deep, intense grey eyes. Not watching him eye to eye always ended with her gaze shifting to his perfectly sculpted cheekbones—peppered by the light facial hair she would love to scratch—and his toned chest failing to hide underneath his shirt. And Hermione knew. She knew that he found her attractive as well. She saw it in his obvious stares and his flirty lines. The latter being the actual problem. She wasn't sure how far and deep the attraction ran. She didn't want to to be played by him for a one time thing and then having to deal with the ache it may leave behind. Of course, Hermione had one night stands before, but it felt different with Sirius. Not only was he her best friend's godfather and her own friend, she was going to have to continue living with him. What if she got attached and had to deal with seeing him bring other witches home without looking obviously jealous? But he doesn't do that anymore, a voice told her. Did he? She thought back to the past few months of him being back. Despite no longer being on the run and having his name cleared, she never saw him come home with a woman. She bit her lip, her gut clenching in guilt for sleeping with Blaise. She admitted it was solely because she'd seen a blonde clutch onto Sirius' arm and he had sent her a smile that could only been perceived as flirty. She sighed in defeat, no longer knowing what was true and what was false. Sirius' voice broke through her thoughts. "Something on your mind, kitten?" he asked, his head tilted like a puppy. She propped her elbows on the table and leaned forward, staring at his mercurial eyes. "I was thinking," she paused to glare at his fake shocked gasp. "Wouldn't you rather want to spend your Friday night out with . . . someone?" She tried valiantly to fight the flock of butterflies that burst to life in her gut when his lips curled into a smug, knowing smirk. "Someone like who?" She swallowed, not liking his tone. "Like a woman, perhaps—or just the boys too." "You sound like you're the one who has plans—" "No!" she interrupted, her head shaking quickly. She stopped immediately when he started chuckling at her reaction, his eyes sparkling with mirth. A frown marred her face and she threw a piece of bread at him, which he swiftly avoided when he ducked. Good Godric, he looked sexy doing just about anything. "Trust me, Hermione. You are the only woman who's had my attention for a long time now." Heat swam in the depth of his eyes and the way he said her name sent a shiver down her spine. The breath left her in a whoosh. "Oh."
Sirius sat down on the couch, pressing play on the remote and propping Hermione's feet on his lap. Her toes wriggled playfully and she hissed at him like a kitten when he gave her ankle a playful slap. They soon lapsed into a peaceful silence, only the sound of the movie being absorbed by the walls around them. They occasionally made funny remarks on the incredulous things that happened in the story. Other times, their hands touched as they both grabbed a handful of popcorn and threw them at each other, opening their mouths desperately to catch the flying pieces. He felt rather engrossed into the warmth of her body radiated and he wondered how deep and far it went. Would he feel it on her lips if he were to . . . No, bad Padfoot. "This was nice," he told her, his voice strained at his attempt of distracting himself. The last thing he wanted was for him to get a boner with her feet close enough to feel it. She gave her beaming smile and he stared up at her in awe. It was as if her radiating smile lightened up the freckles scattered across her cheeks. He promised himself he would enchant them to look like glitter under the night sky, one by one as he kissed her all over. He groaned internally and thanked all heavens when the Floo activated and the Potter's walked in. His face split into a grin when he looked at the state of James's hair and Lily's smudged lipstick. "Well, don't you look thoroughly shagged," he announced playfully and Hermione smacked his arm slightly. Lily rolled her eyes and James grinned, messing up his hair even more for Merlin knows what reason. Technically, it did get the redhead's attention at Hogwarts in seventh year and now, Sirius was starting to wonder if he should pull a James with Hermione. He scowled immediately at the thought of ruining his beautiful hair. Never mind, he'll find another way. "Nothing you weren't used to seeing before, Pads." "True. But we don't want our dear Hermione to lose her innocence now, do we?" He cajoled in amusement, grinning at the affronted look on the pretty young witch's face. Lily walked over to the second sofa, sitting down and pulling her auburn hair in a ponytail. She eyed him with disbelief and let out a snort. "Hermione? Innocent? You've got the wrong person." The married witch shared a knowing look with her husband and then a flustered Hermione. "What does she know that I don't?" he demanded, looking at Hermione with pouty lips. James joined his wife on the couch and snickered at his expression. "Don't tell me Sirius doesn't know!" Everyone turned to look Hermione, whose full lips curved in amusement at his confusion. "Well," she started and briefly paused into an unnecessary, dramatic pause. "I may or may not have gotten a couple of tattoos . . ." His breath hitched at the thought of kissing the drawings on her soft, tanned skin—licking and sucking every line and trace of them. Something was throbbing down there and he resisted the urge to just flee the room and head straight to have a cold shower. You're Sirius Black, he told himself. Surely you can handle a boner after this long. "Wh—" he cleared his throat and avoided a pair of knowing looks watching him in amusement. "When did you get them?" She tugged her bottom lip with her teeth and he continued to stare at it as she pondered on his question. "A couple of months after the war, I'd say," she told him, nodding at herself. "Ah, I see. Never knew you had it in you kitten," he told her with an attempt of a confident smirk. She gave him a light kick on his thighs with a foot and crossed her arms, all this while blush crept up from her neck to her face. How far did that soft pink go? "Well, now you aren't the only one with tattoos, Black." He swallowed down the images his mind was providing him at the reminder. "Can I see them?" he asked nonchalantly. Her eyes widened and Lily let out a small laugh, before answering for her new friend, "Those are some pretty hard spots to find, if you know what I mean . . ." Without missing a beat, Hermione nodded solemnly, "I may have been drunk and overly confident." He also nodded mutely, not trusting his voice or his words at the moment. If they weren't anywhere that could be seen without undressing, then— "How do you two know about them?" he narrowed his eyes at James, who seemed unfazed at the question. "She told me and Lily—" "Lily and I," Hermione interrupted and immediately ducked her head in embarrassment when they turned to look at her. "—and she showed it to Lily, who told me what it was and . . ." he trailed off, his eyes crinkling in amusement at Sirius's desperate look to know. He should be re-sorted into Ravenclaw, momentarily of course. The little eagles would flame him for making their house lose points. His thirst for knowledge was currently all and only about the witch sitting next to him. Speaking of who, she was currently grinning like a loon and he knew she knew how desperately he wanted to find out the location and what the tattoos were. Soon, she left the room and he sat there, gaping foolishly at her empty spot. "Fuck," he bemoaned, ignoring his old friends' snickers by flipping them the bird. Hermione didn't know low long she stood there, fiddling with the cuffs of her Auror robes. Amos Diggory had requested a chance to speak to her and she'd hesitantly accepted, despite Harry's attempts at stopping her. While the man had been under Imperius, they soon found out he was writing letters to other people, discussing how they should force her to bring back their loved ones. Deep down, she felt the need to apologize because just like James, Lily and Sirius, Cedric also deserved the chance to live. Gasping for breath, she allowed herself to approach the Azkaban guard, who told her that the prisoner was sitting inside the room. She handed him her wand and silently slipped inside, taking tentative steps to the chair that sat in front of his own. She gulped down a lump at the haunted look on his face. When he finally registered her presence, he started and small tears slid down his face. "I just wanted my son back," he sobbed and tugged at his hair with trembling hands. "I didn't know they'd make me do that!" "I swear," she felt tears springing into the corners of her eyes but she felt the need to explain as well, "If I knew how to do it again, I would do it. I don't . . . I don't remember what spell I used. I remember going into the Department and saying something, but everytime I try to recall, it's as if there's a block placed in my mind." Hermione didn't know why she was telling him all this. Perhaps, it was her conscience not allowing herself to move on when several people were expecting her to do something. Was she not supposed to be the brightest witch of their age? The taunting question continued to slip into her mind. "You have to be careful regardless," he told her. It was strange hearing that from the same voice that had sent her a couple of Crucios her way. No, someone else had caused that pain, she reminded herself. "Do you have any specific people in mind?" she asked with a hopeful tone. She needed a lead to find who he'd been approached by. "No," he shook his head but Hermione knew he was hesitating. His breathing was quickening and drops of sweat were dripping down his forehead. "What is it?" Hope rose quickly as he opened his mouth to give her every single detail he'd been keeping from the DMLE and she gripped the table tightly as the silence continued to stretch and— "I think," he stopped and she nodded encouragingly. "I think they are people trying to bring back You-Know-Who."
Hermione didn't know how long she stood there. As soon as the guard handed back her wand, she allowed herself to wander off to the seaside. The sound of waves crashing filled her ears, distracting them from the buzzing sound that had erupted during her meeting with Diggory. Those words were all it took for her walls to come crashing down. She gazed down at her hands, the grip on the blackthorn and phoenix feather magical instrument still tight. It was odd; she was holding what represented the greatest power range for a warrior. Was she destined to a life of war and battles for life? It had started becoming easy to forget what one might've lost during those past tormenting years. Her gut throbbed with guilt, reminding her of how easily she'd moved on after bringing back three lives, but forgetting about the other ones lost. She knew that if someone was able to bring back her muggle parents and didn't do it, she'd be furious. Why? Because everyone deserved to win the war in one way or another, and sometimes just coming out of it alive wasn't the best part. Because the events could still haunt them, breaking down every hope of moving on, creating a family and not be reminded of the one they'd lost. Memories of goodnight stories, baked cookies, lingering hugs as she bid goodbye invaded her mind and her legs struggled to hold on to the weight of her actions. She felt the pull of apparition setting and leaving as soon as she landed on the front stoop of the old house. The cold rush of air immediately surrounded her, and her hands shook as she disillusioned herself. Her hand reached mechanically the door handle, knowing well that the people she wanted to see won't be inside. The wards were still placed, but she'd be a fool to trust them anymore. Not when years ago, she'd made the mistake of putting such weak ones after she'd left the house. She hadn't been bright enough to expect her parents to linger in England for much longer, their tickets to Australia waiting on the coffee table. The same furniture that used to hold mugs of hot chocolate and— She leaned against the frame and closed her eyes. She greeted the cold mid-afternoon breeze, allowing it to ruffle her hair and slap the numb skin on her cheeks, wet with tears. She gripped her wand tighter. Her surroundings were enough to make her miss the gentle voice of her mother after a nightmare, or the silly jokes her dad used to make when they attempted to cook something together. Oh, how much she would love to go inside and be greeted with a pair pulling her into a hug, telling her how proud they were of her. But, no. How and why would they be? They'd died because of her. It wouldn't have happened had she not been a witch, a mudblood. Death was so unfair. "Hermione?" She turned around, knowing exactly why her best friend was sporting a concerned look on his face. Robards had definitely told her Auror partner of where she'd been investigating. She shuffled on her feet once again, quietly slumping against the chair, her head in her hands as she leaned on the desk. She heard the wheels of the chair in front of her move and a heavy sigh escaped Harry's mouth. "Hermione, you shouldn't have gone—" "Please, Harry," she interrupted, her voice hoarse and tired. "I don't think that's the matter at hand, right now." He scowled, but being shrewd enough to recognize the severity of the situation, he let it go. Instead, he leaned forward and raked a hand through his hair. "What happened there?" he asked, his expression twisted with worry. Over the years, Hermione had gotten so used to that look, that she merely blinked at him. Her mind felt muddled and she drew a calming breath. She proceeded to recall everything that had happened, before she'd made her way to the DMLE—excluding her trip to Heathgate, of course. Blood drained from his face and a heavy silence stretched between them, filling the room with a growing uncertainty of even succeeding to kill Voldemort. No, she argued, he's dead. They can't bring him back. "So - instead of trying to kill him, now we have to make sure no one brings him back to life," she groaned, rubbing her temples as a hardened headache rushed in. "I will never regret somehow being able to bring them back, but perhaps this wouldn't be so hard if I remembered how I'd done it," she said after a moment, uncertain. He leaned back in his chair, his brows furrowed. "I remember Remus was with you, wasn't he? Couldn't he just have seen, or maybe heard it?" She shook her head. "I remember telling him to stay outside and when I asked him if he could remember anything, he said he couldn't." "Hermione," he started gently, when despair crossed her eyes. "None of this is your fault." Her palms were too sweaty—she dropped her wand on the table with a clank and tore her eyes away from him. She couldn't bear to look at his emerald eyes; the same ones she'd been desperate to see when Hagrid had carried him in his arms. She remembered the anguish that swallowed her whole, mocking her for letting him die. She'd promised herself not to let that happen again. It was arguably the main reason why she ended up staying an Auror. Yet, somehow she'd brought a spark of hope for Death Eaters to look for their Lord again, the same fucker who'd killed him more than once. She was scared. She admitted it wholly. Horrifying thoughts remained in her head ever since she'd worn that horcrux. Despite that, if she was the one to create the mess, she'd be damned not to find a way to fix it as well. She forced herself to meet his eyes once again, determined. There was a pause, silence stretched between them, before she spoke up. "We need to bring back the Order." Hermione looked around the room, couches and chairs full of people she'd met more than once since the war. Still, it felt bittersweet seeing them huddled at Grimmauld once again. Despite his manipulative behaviour, she missed Dumbledore. He was supposed to be there—acting like the leader of the Light and giving proper, organized orders. She shouldn't be the one standing in front of them, and she doubted she could match the requirements to perform a decent job. Still, she swallowed the urge to protest and drag Harry in her place instead. Her eyes wandered down to the corner, where the Potter's sat. Her best friend sat where he belonged, next to his parents and his fiancé. He didn't belong with more burdens on his shoulders. She'd finished explaining everything that had occurred so far, in the same way she'd done with Harry. Most looked pale, if not slightly shaken, but relatively calm. Perhaps, it was because this meant dealing with just Death Eaters and not Voldemort himself. Sometimes, she didn't think they realized how those who bore the Dark Mark could be just as cruel. Thinking about me, poppet? A voice cackled a laugh, enjoying the shiver that ran down her spine. She grasped the parchment in her hands, fixing a stare on the list she'd made. "Harry and I are going to look for the group that was in contact with Diggory. I think we should keep an eye out to the Death Eaters that managed to escape, and—and I will try to see how I managed to work out the Veil." Voices started to protest and she gripped the edge of the table behind her in a tight grip. Almost everyone instantly quieted down, well acquainted with the aftereffects that accompanied the war. Finally, one person spoke for the rest of the room. "Why would you work on the Veil?" She looked at Andromeda briefly, before a slightly different image of her appeared in front of her eyes and she looked away. With an attempt to steady herself, she let out a shaky breath. "I just think it'd be useful to - well, maybe I could bring back more people," she admitted, caught by the question. "You can't do that." She glanced over her, meeting her dark eyes and her stomach began to sink. "And why not?" Andromeda's eyes softened and she let out a weary sigh. "Hermione, you can't fight with death. I have learned to live with the fact that Ted is gone. I know other people have too. But if you find a way, how long do you think you will keep doing this? Allowing people to drag you to the Death Chamber and ordering you to bring anyone back from a Veil?" "Or perhaps, you want to see if you can bring back muggles too." Hermione swallowed, her fingers gripping the wood even tighter. The reminder once again ignited the oxygen she was struggling to breathe. Conflict raged inside of her, causing her to bite her tongue so hard it bled. She blinked, forcing down the anger that urged to surface. She held her eyes locked with black ones, resembling the haunted, amused ones while a slur was being carved on Hermione's arm. "Are you calling me selfish, Mrs. Black?" she asked curtly, unable to keep the coldness out off her tone. The woman made to protest, but she held her hand up, halting any further talk about the war. They were supposed to be discussing the present, the future and everything it could hold. "You're right. I do believe we should just focus on finding the Death Eaters still at large. The Aurors are helping, but I thought that perhaps we could use some from the Order . . ." She stood her ground and delivered, carefully enunciating words to stop her voice from cracking. By the time the meeting was over, she allowed her feet to take her to her room. Halfway through going further inside, she paused and glanced at Harry and Ron. A part of her family had survived, she reminded herself and allowed her body to sag in relief. She looked down to find words staring back at her. It was as if the old, worn out book had grumpily called her out for not paying attention. Had it been any other day, she'd have been glad to find a distraction from the contents. At the moment, though, she couldn't stop her eyes from wandering off to the window. It'd gotten dark out, the sun setting slowly, but steadily. There were some things that happened, regardless of anything else going on in life. Things like the sun rising and setting each day, allowing people to wake up and go to sleep accordingly. Hermione would love to welcome back the normalcy of it. A knock broke out of her thoughts and before she could stay quiet, letting whoever it was to assume that she was asleep, the door opened slightly. Sirius peeked through the gap and barged in, kicking the wood back with his foot. His hands were carrying a tray and the smell of dinner surrounded her senses. Not allowing him to hear the rumble of her stomach, she protested, "I'm not hungry, Sirius." He rolled his eyes at her, still sauntering to her bed and finally sitting down next to her feet, as he nudged them away. He shuffled on his seat, moving up slightly so that the tray could sit on her lap. "Eat." "I just told you—" "And do I look like I care?" he asked, clearly not expecting an answer while he held out a spoon to her. A soft grunt escaped her lips, but she took it from him and welcomed the dinner wholeheartedly—though, she tried to hide it from him. She did tell him she didn't want to eat. It was when she remembered the hollow crevices on his cheeks, a gaunt look on his face when he used to drown in Firewhiskey, that she let out a bitter laugh. "How awful of me - bringing you back to a world on the edge of yet another possible war." "I don't think it's possible." She looked at him, feeling a little stunned. "And why is that?" His hand found its way to her own, their gaze still locked. "Because during the beginning of it all, we didn't have you." She didn't have the heart to tell him that it didn't matter. That it was because her parents had Hermione, that they died. "You give me more credit than I deserve." Her voice sounded much smaller than it ever had, in any conversation with the man sitting in front of her. Who was she to complain, when he'd fought the war for more than fifteen years. He leaned forward, his gaze focused on the swelling of her eyes. "I don't deserve any either," he argued and she let out a baffled noise. "Why would you think that?" It took a moment, then there was a glimmer of triumph in his eyes. "Exactly my question for you, Hermione."
