A.N: For those who were expecting me to write option 2 (story about master of death Harry born as James's brother), read the A.N at the bottom, it will explain. Thank you. Chapter 1 - "Albus!" Deputy headmistress Minerva McGonagall barged into the headmasters office, shock and panic on her face "Minerva?" Headmaster Albus Dumbledore blinked at the way his deputy and close friend barged into his office "what, may I ask, is the matter?" "Harry potter!" McGonagall replied "Mr Potter?!" Dumbledore jumped to his feet, Harry Potter was the boy-who-lived, the boy responsible for stopping Voldemort and Dumbledore knew he was the boy of the prophecy. He had last seen Harry when he had placed him with his relatives, the Dursleys. Dumbledore had great hopes for Harry, if all went well then Harry would be his successor and the next leader of the light. He was such an adorable baby. "What has happened to him?" "He has sent his Hogwarts letter back, saying he does not wish to attend" McGonagall replied "Albus, imagine that! Harry Potter, son of Lily and James, not wishing to attend Hogwarts!" "Worry not Minerva, I shall deal with this" Dumbledore promised her, all the while he was wondering what would cause Harry to refuse. He knew that the boy would likely not have a brilliant life at the Dursleys and expected him to jump at the opportunity to attend a school of magic, even if the Dursley's did treat him kindly he should still want to attend, after all what child wouldn't want to learn magic? "And another thing" McGonagall continued, not the least bit calmed down by the headmasters words "you had left Mr Potter at the Dursleys?" "Yes?" Dumbledore nodded "Then why is the address registered to an orphanage?!" McGonagall slammed the letter on the desk, showing the shocked wizard that it had indeed been registered to an orphanage. Dumbledore, dressed in a green suit, accompanied Minerva McGonagall, who was dressed in muggle clothing as well, to the orphanage that Harry Potters letter was addressed to. Both had walked up to the first available staff member they could find. "Greetings my dear" Albus smiled at the woman "I am Albus Dumbledore and with me is Professor McGonagall, we were hoping to talk to Mr Potter" "Mr Potter?" The woman blinked "Harry Potter?" "Yes" McGonagall nodded "Are you two...positive that you want to meet him?" The woman asked, her tone of voice and face suggested that the answer should be 'no' "Absolutely" Dumbledore nodded "you see, we are hear to offer Mr Potter a place at our school" "Right, good luck with that" The woman said, making it clear that she thought they needed it "follow me then" "Tell me, my dear, is there anything about Mr Potter that you'd like to tell us?" Albus spoke as they followed the woman "Well" The woman sighed "for the most part he just wants to be left alone, he sticks to his room as much as possible. The younger kids like him, most of them anyway, he's had a few problems with the older kids" "What sort of problems?" McGonagall asked "Well, from what I and the rest of the staff have been able to gather, the other kids bothered him in some way and ended up hurt" "Hurt?" Albus repeated "Burnt, injured" The woman replied "now, most of the kids leave him alone. The younger ones keep him company sometimes but I just think he has a soft spot for them, he doesn't hurt anyone unless they bother him too much. A few weeks ago, one new kid came and tried to 'assert his dominance' on everyone. From what I've heard he tried that on Harry and the next day he was found crying in the basement. Jumps whenever Harry enters a room. The only other people Harry talks to is a family that lives nearby, he visits them from time to time and from what I understand, he is good friends with their daughter. Alright, Harry's room is the third on the left. Have fun" The woman turned and left "Something doesn't feel right about this" McGonagall said as they walked to his room. Eventually they found Harry's door, it was a wooden door with the words 'keep out' scratched into it. Needless to say, that did not fill either Professor with confidence. Dumbledore knocked once, no answer. He knocked again, and again, yet no reply. "Harry?" He called "Mr Potter? We're coming in" He waved his wand and the door unlocked, he slowly pushed it open and entered the room, followed by Professor McGonagall. The room wasn't very big, on the left was a cupboard and a bed while on the right was a desk, a chair and a shattered mirror above the desk. The floor boards were wooden while the walls and ceilings were a very plain white. Opposite from the door was a window, they found what they were looking for as he was currently sat on the window frame. Sat with his head looking out the window and away from them was Harry Potter, the boy-who-lived and the boy they were searching for. He was wearing black shoes, blue jeans, a black hoodie with the hood up. His left leg was hanging down as he couldn't seem to fit both on top of the window frame, on top of his left arm was a bird, specifically a raven, which he gently stroked with his right hand. "Mr Potter?" Dumbledore spoke again but Harry didn't respond "Mr Potter, I am Albus Dumbledore, I am currently the Headmaster of Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry, with me is Professor McGonagall" "I thought" Harry spoke after several seconds of silence, still not looking back towards them, his voice slow with a deceptional calm added in "that I made it very clear that I wasn't interested in attending" "And why ever not?" McGonagall asked "I'm not fond of people" Harry answered "Mr Potter" Dumbledore spoke after sharing a glance with his deputy "Hogwarts is the best magical school in the world, now I understand that it may be hard for you to believe in magic..." "Oh, I believe" Harry interrupted with an amused voice "I believe in magic, I do, I just don't want to attend your school" "But Mr Potter, we are the best..." "Says you" Harry interrupted again "but you'd be slightly biased in that opinion" "Mr Potter, it is required for you to attend at least five years of magical training" Dumbledore said, trying an alternative method "Says who?" Harry asked curiously "The magical equivalent of a government" McGonagall answered "you are required to proceed with at least five years of training, though nearly everyone continues with seven so they can complete their education and maximise their..." "What happens if I refuse?" Harry cut her off "Will I be forced to attend?" "Mr Potter" Dumbledore sighed "I do not know what action will be taken as I don't ever recall anyone ever refusing Hogwarts, it is something I can look up later though I imagine that it won't be something either of us would like, would you please look this way?" Harry stopped stroking his raven, the bird turned and glared at Dumbledore and McGonagall, clearly blaming them for upsetting its human. That cost it some, frankly well-deserved, attention and caused problems for its human. It expressed its anger by unleashing a shrill sound at both members of the Hogwarts staff, who were shocked by the sudden outburst, how dare they cause problems?! It only proceeded to stop when Harry started stroking the bird and giving the bird some attention again. "So, what you're saying is I have to go?" Harry asked "Yes, Mr Potter" McGonagall nodded, silence took over the room as it appeared that Harry was thinking. "Mr Potter?" Dumbledore said after a few minutes, wondering if the boy would speak "In that case" Harry turned his head towards them, McGonagall and Dumbledore let out a small gasp of surprise when both of them saw that Harry was wearing a plain white mask that was shaped like a skull. The mask had two eyeholes, which allowed them both to see his green eyes, Dumbledore noted that his left eye was slightly smaller than his right. The higher straps of the mask started from the eyes of the mask and rested on his ears, while the lower straps were just under his ear, among some black hair that could just be made out from under the hood "I will attend under protest" "Mr Potter?" "I will attend your damn school, but be warned that I will not do anything I do not wish to do" "Mr Potter, please remove your mask" Dumbledore requested "No" Harry refused "unless you have more business with me, I'd like you to leave" "Mr Potter, you will need to get to Diagon alley to get your school supplies. Professor McGonagall will accompany you" "No, I will go on my own" Harry turned his head away and looked at his raven "You do not know where it is" McGonagall pointed out "I would ask you to kindly stop making assumptions about my knowledge and tell me what else I need to know before you take your leave" Harry said as the raven nuzzled his hand "Mr Potter" Dumbledore spoke as it seemed McGonagall was trying to maintain a grip on her anger "this is your Hogwarts letter, in it are a list of supplies" Dumbledore placed the letter on Harry's desk "you will need a key to access your trust vault at Gringotts banks, your key is in my possession, I insist that one of us accompany you so..." "Why is my key in your possession?" Harry's head snapped towards Dumbledore at the same time as his raven "Mr Potter, your parents left it to me before they died and..." "A mistake on their part" Harry interrupted "or a lie on yours, I don't care which. Do you have my key on you?" "Yes, Mr Potter" Dumbledore removed the key from his pockets "though I would like to assure that I am not lying, your parents..." Dumbledore was cut off when the raven jumped from Harry's arm and flew towards the headmaster, it yanked the key out of his hands with its claws and flew straight back to Harry and landed on his shoulder. It dropped the key into his hand. "Good boy" Harry said to the raven before looking at the headmaster "I believe that our business is concluded, goodbye" "Mr Potter, I..." "I...said...goodbye" Harry said slowly "Young man, that is no way to talk to the headmaster" McGonagall told him off, appalled at his attitude. This was not what she expected from the son of Lily and James "Lady, I talk however I damn well want now leave please unless you happen to have something else of mine that you shouldn't" "Very well" Dumbledore sighed as he and McGonagall stood up "you are sure you do not require our assistance?" "Positive" Harry nodded "A good day to you" Dumbledore nodded and walked out of the room along with McGonagall, they both walked out of the orphanage and as soon as they were in a safe spot Dumbledore apparated them both back to Hogwarts. Both were left thinking about a certain green eyed boy Harry soon found himself on the Hogwarts express, he had chosen an empty compartment, he was wearing a hoodie, jeans and trainers. His raven had chosen to fly and meet him there, he had no problems with that though he cursed whoever made going on the Hogwarts express a rule. Suddenly the compartment door opened and a red headed boy leaned in. The boy was about to say something but the words were lost when he saw a boy in muggle clothing wearing a mask, staring back at him. "Yes?" Harry drawled "Uh...why are you wearing a mask?" The boy asked with a confused expression "Because it's comfortable" Harry said as if it was obvious "now can I help you?" "Yeah, I was wondering if I could..." Ron cut himself, he changed his mind, he didn't want to sit in a compartment with this guy "uh...never mind" He turned and left "Hmm" Harry said before pulling out a book, he started reading "Harry!" A voice exclaimed "Delphi" Harry nodded without looking up "What? No hello?" The girl said as she sat down, the girl in question was slightly smaller than Harry and had blue eyes and shoulder length blonde-white hair with blue tips "I have an entire five years worth of school for me to say hello to you, forgive me if I lack the effort to do it now" "So...you're looking forward to Hogwarts?" Delphi said in a way that made it clear it wasn't really a question "I still can't believe you willingly came here" "Well apparently all students have to board the train" Harry shrugged "I meant Hogwarts" She sighed "They were going to try and force me to go" Harry sighed "might as well save myself some effort, besides I might actually learn something useful there" "Excuse me" A voice called, Harry looked up to see a brown haired girl standing nervously in the doorway "I was...wondering if I could sit here, please?" "Sure" Delphi shrugged, not noticing Harry giving her a glare for inviting people in without asking him "my name's Delphi, what's yours?" "It's Fay" The girl said as she sat down next to Delphi "Fay Dunbar, and he is?" Fay gestured to Harry who returned to reading his book "That's Harry" Delphi introduced him "don't worry about him, he's not much for social interactions. He's a nice guy, really, he just doesn't really like most people" "Huh...uh, what about me?" Fay asked nervously "You haven't done anything to piss me off yet" Harry spoke in front of the girl for the first time "so you're fine at the moment" "O...kay" Fay replied "if...you don't mind me asking, what's up with the mask?" "It's comfortable" Harry said in a way that made it seem like he had said it a million times "You know you'll have to take it off when you get to school" Delphi said "I know you don't like it but you won't be able to wear it all the time, we'll be living there for the better part of the next five years" "Fine" Harry bit back a growl "I'll take it off when we get there" "So..." Fay said after a few minutes of silence "any idea which house you guys want to be? I think I'll probably be in Gryffindor or Hufflepuff" "I'll just go wherever Harry goes" Delphi answered "Ravenclaw most likely" Harry replied "Why?" Fay asked, Harry looked away from his book and looked at her "I own a raven" He answered "That's it? Not because you like books?" "Anyone can like books" Harry pointed out "I doubt that they are forbidden in any of the other houses" Fay's response was cut off by the compartment door opening, revealing a bushy haired witch about their age "Has anyone seen a toad?" The girl asked with an irritated tone "A boy named Neville has lost one" "No" Fay answered "Well..." The girl was about to say something when she noticed Harry "why are you wearing a mask?" "Because I feel like it" Harry said in a tone that barely remained polite, he was going to stop wearing the mask for no other reason than to stop people asking. "You can't wear masks" The girl said "it's against the rules" "I am far too tired to deal with this" Harry put the book down and pushed his fingers against his temples as if he was trying to push the headache away "Hey, don't ignore me, you..." "You" Delphi interrupted "barged into our compartment and you're still here, now would you please leave? You're bothering my friend" "Hmm, fine" The girl huffed and left A few hours later, Harry found himself being led down the middle of the hall along with the other first years. Thanks to wearing his mask, most people looked at him, a few of the other kept a small distance away from him as they thought he was probably crazy. Delphi had no problems standing by him, Fay stood nearby as well. From what she observed, Harry was alright, apart from being a little anti-social. The only problem so far was a blond boy who had insulted Harry for wearing the mask but Harry just ignored him and eventually the boy got bored when he realised he wasn't getting a rise out of him. Soon the sorting began, Harry mentally tuned out everything until Fay's sorting when he saw the girl get placed in Gryffindor. A little while later, it was Harry's turn. "Harry Potter" McGonagall called out, Harry bit back a groan and started walking forwards. Many people were surprised to realise that the masked boy was actually the boy-who-lived. Every eye turned to look at him as he sat down on the stool. Many of the teachers looked at him with curiosity mixed with concern. Severus Snape, resident potions teacher and sworn enemy of all things Potter, sneered at the boy. He couldn't believe the arrogant little brat was so desperate for attention that he needed to wear a mask just to stand out in front of all the other students. He, no doubt, got that from his miserable and arrogant father. The only positive side to this was he was able to not look at the brats face...hmm, perhaps he could convince Dumbledore to do the same with some of the other students. Dumbledore, meanwhile, was watching with twinkling eyes that masked the concerns he was feeling. He desperately hoped that Harry did not go to Slytherin, while he did not agree with the wizarding world's opinion of the house of snakes, the problem was that many others did. It would make everything much more difficult, not only for himself and for the boy. He hoped the boy would go into Gryffindor, if not that then at least a neutral house like Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff. "Mr Potter" McGonagall said once Harry had sat down "please remove your mask" A mental war raged on in Harry's head, one side debating if he should remove it while the other arguing for him to tell everyone his honest opinion of them and then keep it on for the rest of his school life. Eventually logic won out, he realised that people would see his face eventually, it wasn't like the orphanage where he could hide it from everyone. There was too many people in this bloody school. Harry wore a mask, not because he thought it was cool, nor because he thought it was ugly. He wore the mask to hide what he had felt was a weakness, at that moment he realised something, he hadn't felt weak in a long time. He covered his face, to hide that, but now...now he didn't need it. He was no longer weak! He knew damn well what he was capable of and he knew that he didn't need to hide anymore "Mr Potter, please remove your mask" McGonagall repeated Harry's right hand twitched, before it slowly rose up. His fingers touched the mask, he saw Delphi give him a small nod of encouragement. He mentally sighed, but decided to just get it over with. He removed the mask and placed it on his lap, just as gasps filled the great hall. Dumbledore couldn't see what was going on as he and the teachers next to him could only see the back of his head, the rest of the hall was a different story. From the reactions of the other students he assumed it was something big. Meanwhile Snape shook his head in disgust, they are all probably surprised their saviour has a small spot on his nose or some other crap. The hall fell silent as they saw the face of Harry Potter, the boy-who-lived. His entire left eye was scarred, it was clearly burnt and stood out against his pale skin. There was also what looked to be claw marks, three marks/lines from the right side of his jaw going diagonally upwards to where his eye had been burnt and ended just above the eye. The marks near the eye weren't as noticeable thanks to the burnt skin that covered everything from his cheekbone to his forehead along with his left ear to the side of his nose. The only proof that this was Harry Potter was the green eyes and the lightning bolt scar on the right side of his forehead. McGonagall gasped and unintentionally dropped the hat right on Harry's head. 'Hmm' The hat's voice echoed into Harry's head 'difficult, very difficult, plenty of courage I see. Not a bad mind either, there's talent, lots of that. Lots and lots of that. Hmm, you have no real ambitions but that does not mean you aren't cunning and you can be ambitious when you have a good enough goal. Loyalty? Hmm, as of right now your loyalty extends to three living beings, one of which is a bird.' 'Hey, that is a smart bird, thank you very much' Harry mentally replied 'he makes for better conversation than most the idiots I have to deal with' 'Yes, yes' The hat chuckled 'that is true, that much is very true. Ah, let me continue here, I see intelligence. Lots of it, witty, sarcastic, strength gained from your own imagination. Hmm, what a delightfully interesting mind you have Mr Potter. Tell me Mr Potter, if I offered you a choice then where would you go?' 'Ravenclaw' Harry answered 'from what I understand they have their own rooms and they would be likely to bother me less than the other houses or learn to not bother me faster than the other houses. Besides, if I have to be here then I am going to learn as much as I can and where better to do that than the house of knowledge?' 'Good points' The house agreed 'however, I will ask one last time, are you sure? You could be great in the other houses as well' 'Maybe but there's one crucial thing that you've forgotten that will cement my reason for being in Ravenclaw' 'What's that?' 'I own a raven' A silence fell amongst the two for several minutes, Harry was beginning to wonder if he had perhaps broken the hat somehow. Ah well, as long as he didn't have to pay for it. "Ha" The hat began laughing out loud, surprising everyone in the hall "I like you Potter, have fun in RAVENCLAW!" "This is yours" Harry handed McGonagall the hat as he stood up and made his way to the Ravenclaw table while shoving his mask into one of his pockets. He sat down, doing hid best to ignore the rather obvious stares coming from everyone else. The Slytherins were surprised, they had expected Harry Potter to be a typical Gryffindor, instead they got a damaged Ravenclaw. The Hufflepuff's didn't seem to mind that he was in Ravenclaw, though they were still surprised by his face. The Gryffindor's were divided between being shocked by his face and horrified by the fact that Harry Potter wasn't a Gryffindor. Meanwhile, the Ravenclaw's were ecstatic at having the boy-who-lived be part of their house, so much so that they temporarily forgot about his face. After a few minutes, McGonagall gave Dumbledore a glare that translated into 'we WILL be talking later' before clearing her throat and continuing. Until she reached the only other name that interested the headmaster "Delphi Riddle" McGonagall said, Dumbledore's eyes widened as he saw a young girl make her way to the stool and sit on it, a few minutes later the hat shouted out "RAVENCLAW!" His eyes widened further when he saw the girl sit opposite Harry Potter like they were old friends. What on earth was happening?! Dumbledore didn't know Tom had a daughter, though now that he thought about it he had heard some rumors regarding Tom and Mrs Lestrange. Unfortunately he spent so much time worrying about Harry that he didn't think about any other kids. Speaking of Harry, this Harry was very different from what Dumbledore had imagined. Now that he had a clear chance to see the boy's face, he quickly memorised as much of it as he could. Harry still had the Potter hair that was present in both his father and his grandfather, his eyes were also the same as his mothers. That was fine, Dumbledore expected that. What he didn't expect was the burn mark on Harry's face, nor the claw marks. What on earth had happened to damage the boy so much? Hmm, perhaps he should have Madam Pomphrey take a look at him. Yes, it might even improve their relationship if he got her to heal his face. The poor boy must have suffered so much, it tore at Dumbledore's heartstrings but what was done is done. All he can do now is plan for the future, hmm, he should probably look into what happened with the Dursleys while he was free. He had gotten so busy and lost in his thoughts about Harry that he forgotten to do that. "I'm proud of you Harry" Delphi whispered to Harry "I'm glad you took that mask off" "I was thinking about it" Harry said in a soft voice "and I realised something, I don't need that mask anymore. It was going to come off sooner or later, I wore it when I was weak. But now, now I'm not weak anymore, I don't need it." "E...excuse me" A voice interrupted, the pair turned to see a Chinese girl looking at them "Uh...hi, I'm Cho...Cho Chang" "Is that Cho-Cho Chang or just Cho Chang?" Harry asked and if it wasn't for his voice than Cho might've thought that he was making fun of her "Uh...just Cho Chang but you can call me Cho. I just wanted to say welcome to Ravenclaw" "Thank you" Delphi smiled "And uh..." Cho continued nervously "if...if you want...you could probably see Madam Pomphrey, she's the school nurse. She can fix pretty much anything from broken bones to scars in like a day. I don't mean to be rude or anything but..." "It's alright, I understand" Harry nodded reassuringly "So...what happened to your face?" Another girl asked out of the blue and the whole table turned to look at them "Marietta!" Cho scolded the girl "What?" The girl asked, unsure about why she was being yelled at "just tell us Potter" The girl demanded "I could recreate what happened with you if you're really that curious to know" Harry said, his eyes narrowing on the girl like she was a bug he was about to squash "Hey! I..." "Sorry" Cho cut Marietta off "about her" She said to Harry "Don't bother apologising for other people, you'll be here all day" Harry said as he continued eating "Ha" Delphi snorted "glad to know that you still have your sense of humor" "Do you two know each other?" One Ravenclaw asked "I'm his carer" Delphi smirked "Yes, she cares so I don't have to" Harry replied "Plus, he's pretty useless without me" Delphi added, sending Harry a grin "You can spend the next month doing homework on your own" Harry said as he ignored the fact that her grin was replaced with a face filled with horror "You wouldn't!" She blurted out "Do you want to test that out?" Harry raised an eyebrow "I'll behave" Delphi said in a quiet voice. Any further response was cut off by the sound of a birds wings, everyone looked up to see a black raven fly down and land on Harry's shoulder "Hello boy" Harry said, his calmness and lack of surprise showed he didn't see this as anything out of the ordinary "are you hungry?" The raven nodded and Harry fed him some food from his plate "Hello Raven" Delphi greeted the bird "Who is that?" A boy, Terry Boot, asked "This is Harry's Raven" Delphi answered "What is he called?" Cho asked while her friend looked at the raven with disgust "Raven" Harry answered "You...named him Raven?" Cho asked with disbelief "I never claimed to be creative" Harry said with a slight shrug "Why on earth would you keep that thing when you could have an owl?" Marietta said, only to be met with two glares, one of which came from Raven "He's cooler" Harry said and Raven raised his head in agreement "Debatable" Marietta sniffed "Besides, I'd think that as ravens, he'd be welcome here" Harry sniffed right back "Well, we're technically called eagles" Cho pointed out "What?" Harry's head snapped to Cho's direction "Why?" "Don't know" She shrugged "but we're called eagles" "But it's Ravenclaw" Harry pointed out in a confused voice "why are we called eagles?" "You do realise that the Ravenclaw symbol is an eagle?" Another Ravenclaw said, Harry looked down at his badge "So it is" He said with surprise in his voice "does the eagle have raven claws?" "Uh...don't think so" "Well that's just false advertising bullshit" Harry replied and a few people gasped at his choice of language "Language" One member scolded "Most of my face is hideously ruined and I will have to deal with people grilling me about that for the next few years. I chose my house for the next few years, in a school that I was basically forced to come to, based on an animal, only to find it's named after the wrong fucking animal. What makes you think that I care about language?" "Just give him a night, he'll get over it" Delphi assured the rest of the table "Harry, eat your food, you'll better". Harry returned to eating, all the while mumbling about being false advertisements and killing the first person who referred to him as an eagle "You do know that we use Eagle and Raven interchangeably?" One Ravenclaw said "So I could be called either?" Harry asked "Yes" The Ravenclaw nodded "Oh brilliant" Harry said before he continued to eat, either unaware or purposefully ignoring the incredulous looks from the rest of his house mates. A.N: Hi guys, I know some of you were expecting a different story and that will be released soon (maybe tomorrow, maybe later today, not sure yet) but I thought that you'd all like this one meanwhile. I don't know if I'm going to do much with this story but I already had the first chapter written down, I've uploaded it to see your opinions on it. If you guys like it I'll upload some more for it later on. As for the story, I haven't decided how I'm going to play Harry yet but I will have an uninterested Harry who just doesn't care about being a hero. As of the moment, he has a burnt face (picture Zuko from Avatar, the TV show, not that crap that they dared to call a movie) and he has scratch marks on his face, basically three lines going from the bottom right side of his face to over the top left of his eye. Also, I haven't read 'the cursed child' yet so I don't know what Delphi Riddle is supposed to be like, this is my own version of the character. Consider her a new character if you want, but this is not the same one from JK Rowling's books, the same way my Harry and other characters are different. Again, if you guys like it I'll upload more chapters. Expect the first chapter for my other story to be uploaded soon. Hope you guys like it, thanks for reading and feel free to leave a review.
Chapter 2 - First morning The next morning Harry woke up before the rest of his house, he had just barely managed to avoid being questioned by them all yesterday. "Hey boy" Harry said as his raven, he really should think of a name for him, flew on to his shoulder, Harry took a note out of his pocket, it was written for Delphi. It basically told her that if she wasn't down in ten minutes then he would be going on his own. The raven took the note up the stairs then returned nine minutes and twenty three seconds later on the shoulder of a sleepy Delphi. "Did we have to wake up so early?" She yawned "No, you could have chosen to stay and sleep for a little while later. I just gave you the option to accompany me" Harry said just as the raven flew back on to his shoulder "we really should give you a name" He added to the bird "for some reason people think it's weird to just call you Raven. Hmm, let's go with something simple. How about 'Shadow'?" The bird remained silent for a few minutes before nodding his head, showing his approval. "Well, now that the hardest part of my day is over, let's go" "Why are we up so early?" Delphi asked as they walked out the common room "You because you enjoy my company, although I can't really work out why, me because there are less idiots up at this time and that decreases the chances of them asking questions." Harry said just as Shadow tapped him on the head with his own head "Also because Shadow was hungry" "Fine" Delphi sighed as she yawned and stretched "at least we'll get some good breakfast" "Can't be any worse than your mothers cooking" Harry replied "True" Delphi let out a soft snort "she told me that the food here is cooked by house elves, apparently Hogwarts has a whole kitchen full of them" "Good, now I know who to kill if I don't like it" "There are apparently a lot of them" "Won't matter if they're dead" A little while later a lot of students had arrived, they all sat down in their seats, they were all trying, and failing, at subtly looking at the object of everyone's interest. Harry Potter and his face. Harry was sat at the Ravenclaw table, Delphi opposite him and Shadow was on the table. All three were eating and purposefully ignoring the stares, though Harry was tempted to set the whole hall on fire and see how fond they were of looking at him then. "Good morning" A voice called and they turned to see a rather small man standing in front of them "I am Professor Flitwick, your charms professor and head of house, I have your time tables here" "Thank you" Delphi said as she took hers, Shadow flew and grabbed Harry's timetable from the charms master then brought it to Harry "Good boy" Harry stroked his head "My, my, such an intelligent bird" Flitwick exclaimed with surprise in his voice "that is very impressive, does he have a name?" "Shadow" Harry answered "A pleasure to meet you Shadow" Flitwick greeted and Shadow nodded his head at the man "is he your familiar? He seems too intelligent to be a mere pet" He asked Harry as Shadow puffed his chest out "Yes" Harry nodded "he is my familiar" "How marvelous" Flitwick smiled "well, I hope to see more of him. I won't mind if you bring him to my class, as long as he doesn't cause any trouble" "Thank you" Harry responded "You are welcome, oh and Mr Potter, I don't know if you are aware but your mother had begun taking a charms mastery with me before her tragic passing. She was truly a brilliant student and woman, if you ever desire to talk about her with someone then my office is always open." He ended with a nod before walking away "I like him" Delphi smiled "He's tolerable" Harry shrugged, the pair sat in silence and continued eating. Once they were done, Shadow hopped on to Harry's shoulder as he got up and walked away with Delphi following after him. "Ah, Harry" The pair stopped when they saw Albus Dumbledore standing in front of them "just the boy I was looking for" "Can I help you?" Harry asked, his voice soft with hints of annoyance splashed in. "Yes, you may remember me from the feast. I am the headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. I was hoping you would accompany me to the hospital wing" "Sir, forgive me but you don't look very injured" "No my boy" Albus chuckled "I meant you" "Why?" Harry asked, despite knowing the answer "It sounds like your implying there is something wrong with me" "Uh no" Dumbledore backpeddalled "I am not saying that, I do however think you would benefit from our nurses attention" "Should I happen to disagree?" Harry asked, curious about the old man's reaction "Harry" Dumbledore sighed "your face is burnt and heavily damaged, Madam Pomphrey wil be able to repair it. I assure you that she is quite a brilliant healer" "Doubt it" Harry said "if St Mungo's couldn't do it then I doubt she could" "You've already been to see a healer?" Dumbledore asked, surprise evident in his voice "No I thought it'd be fun to leave it like this" Harry said sarcastically while gesturing to his face "really, it's fun having people gawk at you" "Harry, if you don't mind me asking, what exactly happened to your face?" Dumbledore asked softly "Unfortunately I do mind" Harry responded in a cold voice "is there anything else?" "Yes, just two things, firstly I was wondering what happened to the Dursleys?" "Who?" Harry asked "The Durselys" Dumbledore repeated "the muggle family you lived with" "Oh, you mean tubby and bitchy?" Harry said "I beg your pardon?" Dumbledore blinked "'Tubby', the fat arse with the stupid mustache and 'bitchy', that thin woman with the giraffe's neck and horses face" Harry explained "yeah, I used to live with those two and Tubby junior. At least I used to live with them until I was about six...or was it seven?" He asked Delphi, she thought about it before shrugging to indicate that she didn't know "Anyway, as far as I'm aware they are dead now" "Dead?" Dumbledore's jaw dropped "Dead" Harry nodded "you see, being dead is this thing where you stop moving and..." "Mr Potter, I know what death is" Dumbledore cut him off "you said 'as far as you were aware', does that mean you're not sure?" "I'm ninety-five percent sure that they are dead, even if they're not, it's not like I care" "Mr Potter! They are your family!" Dumbledore blurted out, shocked at Harry's words "If they're alive then they can find a very, very steep cliff and jump as far as I'm concerned. I only have three family members, my raven, my friend" Harry gestured to Delphi "and her mother" Dumbledore paled at that revelation. He knew full well who her mother was. Bellatrix Lestrange, the eldest of the Black sisters. Bellatrix was always an incredibly smart and powerful student when she attended Hogwarts, soon after she was forced into a marriage contract with the Lestrange family. After the last wizarding war, the Lestrange's died, all except Bellatrix who had gone to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and told everyone how she was forced to commit all her crimes due to a combination of potions, spells and the contract. She was released and pardoned, though not many people believed it. He had heard many rumours about her other the years. Some said that she still served Voldemort, others said she left the country, some even theorised that she went off hiding in the muggle world and there was a rumour about her having a child with Voldemort. Though the last part seems to be true. Delphi Riddle, in the magical world the child must take the last name of the father unless argued against in court, and with Bellatrix keeping a low profile, it makes sense for the girl to keep her fathers last name. "If that is all, excuse us" Harry walked off without waiting for an answer, Delphi followed him and the two walked kept walking "That old man is really irritating" Harry said "I'm not arguing with you" Delphi put her hands up to show she was surrendering "Glad to know that I've finally trained you" Harry commented "Hey!" Delphi smacked his arm "Note to self, continue with training" "Hey, wait up" A voice called, the pair stopped to see a red headed boy run up to them "Can I help you?" Harry asked "Yeah" The boy nodded "I'm Ron by the way, Ron Weasley" Ron stretched his hand out, Harry shook it after receiving a nudge from Delphi, though he quickly took his hand back "so I was wondering, are you really Harry Potter?" "Yes" Harry sighed, annoyance evident on his face "Do you really have the scar?" Ron asked, trying to get a good look under Harry's hair "I have a bunch of them." Harry gestured to his face "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to be off" "Wait a sec" Ron said "I was wondering if you wanted to be friends" "Not really" Harry said immediately "What?! Why not?" Ron blurted out "Probably because he has some sense Weaslbee" A voice said, Draco Malfoy walked up to the group with Crabbe and Goyle following behind him "so, Harry Potter huh?" He raised an eyebrow at Harry "That's what I'm told" Harry responded "And who are you supposed to be?" Malfoy looked towards Delphi "Delphi Riddle" She introduced herself "Pureblood?" Malfoy asked "No, half-blood, my mother was a pureblood but my father was a half-blood" To be a pureblood, you needed to have at least two sets of magical grandparents. "Hmm, pity" Malfoy said sympathetically "at least your children should be pure bloods" He turned back to Harry "Allow me to introduce myself, I am Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." Ron snorted "What? Think my name's funny, do you? Don't need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand me down robe, you must be a Weasley. You'll soon find out, Potter, that some wizarding families are better than others. You don't want to be making friends with the wrong sort, I can help you with that" He extended his hand "Hmm" Harry hummed before slowly reaching his hand out "I have no interest in getting to know any families, though I am told it'd be rude to refuse a hand shake. I appreciate your offer, but as of the moment it is unneeded. I will, however, contact you should I change my mind" "Hmm" That wasn't exactly the answer that Draco wanted, but it was better than what he expected "very well, you know where to find me. I must say Potter, I'm glad to see you have some brains, thought that should be expected when you're in Ravenclaw." "If I have to be in this school then I'm going to take it for everything it has" Harry said "Hmm" Malfoy smirked "goodbye Potter" Malfoy walked off with Crabbe and Goyle following behind him, leaving Harry and Delphi with a gaping Ron "Harry, what was that?!" Ron blurted out "A conversation, at least I think so" Harry answered "But that's Malfoy! He's a Slytherin!" "So?" Delphi raised an eyebrow "So, they're evil death eaters!" "My mother was in Slytherin" Delphi pointed out in a cold voice, Harry felt like he shouldn't mention the fact that her mother used to be a death eater "come on Harry" She walked off, Harry looked between a red faced Ron and a walking Delphi, he quickly realised which would be the least irritating and walked off after her. "Your mother was a death eater" Harry pointed out after catching up with her "Yeah, but he didn't need to know that" She grinned A.N: Hey guys, sorry but I'm a bit stressed and tired so this chapter will be a little short. More on the next one, promise.
Chapter 3 - Lessons, meeting Snape Harry and Delphi entered the transfigurations class room and nearly all eyes fell upon them both, though more likely Harry. A lot of people had taken to either stealing glances or looking straight at him. Partially because he was the boy-who-lived and also because he looked nothing like they were expecting, seeing as they didn't expect him to have burn or scratch marks. In fact, many had begun theorising how he ended up looking like this. Some guessed an attack by magical creatures like dragons, others thought it was an accident during training, some thought that Harry got the look after battling a dark wizard. Some guessed that it was from you-know-who when he attacked the Potters. "Be honest" Harry said to the class "do you think I'm attractive?" "What? Why are you asking that?" One Hufflepuff asked "Because with the way that you're all looking at me, I would hope that it is because you think I'm attractive. If not, then please stop, it goes from amusing to creepy really quickly" Harry replied, he was glad to see that many of them had become suitably uncomfortable and turned away from him. "And that's why you lot aren't Gryffindor's" Harry added as he sat down, with Delphi next to him, not noticing the reactions to his last statement. A few minutes later, the cat that was sitting on the front desk jumped and transformed into Professor McGonagall, she observed as most of the class looked impressed and some stared at her with awe. She noticed that the Riddle girl who sat next to Harry, she looked amused by the transformation. She then looked at Harry Potter, the son of two of her favourite students. Bored. That's what she would describe his reaction as. He didn't look at all interested, he looked at her as if she was some dramatic woman performing tricks. That shocked her a little, she remembered his parents reactions, James and Lily had both stared at her with awe and excitement. It seemed that Harry was different. He made it clear to her that he hadn't come to this school willingly, she had hoped that after the first day or so he would change his mind but it looks like he hadn't. Before sending out his letter she had spent a great many days expecting Harry to come to Hogwarts. She wondered what he would be like, would he be like Lily? Would he look like James? Would he have James's charms and skills? Would he have Lily's kindness and brilliance? As he was a boy, she would lean towards him looking like James but because of his face she wasn't sure as most of it was burnt and scratched, he had James's hair at least. He also had Lily's eyes, though none of their warmth. She hadn't spent much time with the boy but she figured that he might not take after either of them in personality. He might possess their brains and stubbornness but they would never talk to her the way he had talked to her when she and the headmaster had visited him at the orphanage. Even James, a notorious prankster, would never talk to her like that. "Welcome class" She said and the lesson started. Harry and Delphi listened as McGonagall talked, she explained transfigurations, the danger behind it and what they would be doing. After a little while she had them try turning matches into needles, she placed a match in front of each student and began walking around the class room. Instructing and helping the students. Eventually she stopped near Harry's table, she looked at the two and saw that Harry hadn't even attempted the spell. Just as she was about to tell him off for being lazy, he spoke. "Try it again" Harry said to Delphi "this time try to put more power into it and this time try to imagine it properly" "Fine" She sighed before taking a breath, she tried again and after two tries she got it "cool" She grinned at Harry "you try it" "If I must" Harry sighed, he visualised the results he wanted then performed the spell, a few seconds later he was holding a perfect needle "Well done Mr Potter and Miss Riddle" McGonagall said, making her presence known to the two students, Delphi jumped slightly but Harry showed no outward reaction "five points for Ravenclaw, each" "Thank you Professor" Delphi said, though Harry remained quite "You're welcome" McGonagall said, then moved on, slightly disappointed by Harry's lack of reaction. Harry, Delphi, the rest of the Ravenclaws and the Hufflepuff's soon found themselves in the potions class, which for some reason was in the dungeons. The two had opted to sit near the back. "It's cold" Delphi shivered slightly "Is it?" Harry asked "Oh right, you don't get cold" Delphi rolled her eyes "That's hardly my fault" Harry responded. Any further response was cut off by the door slamming open, announcing the arrival of the Hogwarts potions professor, Severus Snape. He stormed in, his cape billowing as he did so, dressed entirely in black. His hair was greasy and shoulder length, his nose was long and hooked. His eyes were black with no warmth at all. He began taking the role call and stopped at Harry's name. "Ah, Mr Potter. Our new celebrity" He said softly, in a mocking tone, he continued with the roll call. Meanwhile Harry was wondering if Hogwarts would end up with one less teacher at the end of the day, judging by the nervous glances, Delphi was wondering the same thing. After he finished calling out the names, he began talking again "You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion making. As there is little wand waving here, many of you will find it hard to believe that it is magic. I can teach you to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper on death. If you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach. Potter!" Snape snapped suddenly "Yes sir?" Harry said, his tone somewhere between bored and irritated "Five points for your tone. You're just as arrogant as your father, thinking that you can get away with everything. Tell me Potter, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" "The draught of living death sir" Harry answered, Snape looked slightly surprised before schooling his face and continuing "Where would you look if I asked you to find a bezoar?" "If you mean now then your potions cabinet, if not then a potions store or the stomach of a goat" Harry answered "Five points for your cheek! What is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?!" "There isn't a difference sir" Harry replied "Cheating already? There's no way that you would be able to know all these answers!" "It's called reading sir and if you thought that I wouldn't know the answers then why were you asking them?" Harry asked, keeping the annoyance out of his voice "Do not talk back to me you brat!" Snape growled and walked over before slammed his hands on Harry's desk, the two locked eyes "You think you're special Potter, with your stupid little scars? You're just an arrogant brat out for attention, much like your father!" "I think you think that I think I'm special and I think you have issues, as for attention seeking I'm not the one moving around like a Shakespeare actor, now I'd also like it if you kindly back the fuck off" Harry said, his voice as neutral as he could make it but ended with a hint of warning. Harry felt something weird, he shook his head when he realised that Snape was trying to read his mind. Snape himself was a little surprised when he encountered some defenses but he continued, there was no way that James Potter's spawn would be able to keep him out for long. He was so caught up in the moment that he failed to register the fact that Harry knew what he was doing. Harry fought back with his occlumency shields, he was good but he knew he wouldn't be able to keep Snape out for long. The bastard was actually trying to do this in front of everyone! He was trying to read his mind! "That is it!" Harry snarled, he grabbed the nearest thing he could, which happened to be a beaker and smashed it across Snape's face, causing Snape to fall backwards, most of the class gasped and screamed out in shock. One Hufflepuff moved out of the way so Snape didn't land on her, but then that resulted in Snape leaning back on her desk but Harry wasn't done yet. He leaped on top of his desk, then he jumped on Snape and began punching the man with as much strength as he could muster. The whole class was too shocked to stop him from doing so, they all stared as the boy-who-lived continued punching Snape as much as he could. Blood poured out of Snape's long nose, eventually he managed to push Harry off, Harry landed on his feet as Snape pulled out his wand. Snape aimed it at Harry, when a screeching sound was heard. Shadow the Raven flew in through the door and yanked Snape's wand out of his hand, Harry didn't waste time and punched Professor Snape between his legs, causing the man to kneel over. Harry grabbed him by the head, and slammed the man's face on his desk repeatedly. Eventually he stopped when it looked like Snape was near conciousness, an evil glint appeared in Harry's eyes. "Harry! Stop!" Delphi said, she saw the look in Harry's eyes and realised that he would do something big if she didn't stop him "This bastard tried to read my mind!" Harry growled and a few people gasped, especially the magically raised children, mind reading was illegal and suddenly Harry's actions seemed to make more sense "Fine but let's just tell the teachers" She said as a war occurred behind Harry's eyes as his thoughts began battling, trying to decide between listening to Delphi or ruining Snape's face even more. Eventually they settled on a compromise. "Fine!" Harry said before slamming Snape's head on the desk once more, he then let the man go. Snape dropped to the ground as Harry wiped his hands off his robes. Shadow flew to Harry and presented the wand to him "Thanks" Harry said before he took the wand and snapped it, causing even more surprise amongst the students as snapping a wand was the ultimate insult. Delphi had written a note and handed it to Shadow "go deliver that to Flitwick" Harry instructed his faithful bird, Shadow nodded and flew off "You okay Harry?" Delphi asked "I'm fine" Harry nodded, he looked around to see everyone staring at him "what are you all looking at? Never seen a person beat up a teacher before?" He asked in the driest voice he could possibly use. "H...Harry" Susan Bones spoke up "D...did he really t...try to read your mind?" "No I beat him up because his long nose offended me" Harry said sarcastically "It's...it's just that my aunt is the head of the DMLE" She said "I...I could send a letter to her about it if you want" "Hmm, write your letter now" Harry said "when Shadow comes back you can send it off straight away...thank you" He added, the words feeling a bit weird on his tongue "Uh...sure" Susan blinked before sitting down and writing a letter. Once she had finished, Flitwick and Shadow arrived, followed by McGonagall and Dumbledore. Apparently Flitwick was near the two when he got the letter, either that or he told them as well. Shadow immediately flew over to Susan and plucked the letter out of her hands before flying off, leaving Susan to blink at the smart bird, she looked at Harry and just saw him hide a smirk of amusment. "Mr Potter, I got your letter" Flitwick said but was interrupted by Dumbledore "Mr Potter, what happened?" The old man asked "Your pet death eater tried to mind rape me!" Harry growled "What?" McGonagall gasped "I'm sorry, are you deaf?" Harry said mockingly "I'll repeat, that scumbag" He pointed at Snape "tried to mind rape me! He tried to force his way into my mind!" "It's true Professors" Terry Boot, a Ravenclaw said "Yes" Hannah Abbot, a Hufflepuff agreed "he came in the class, he started insulting Harry then the two locked eyes for a few seconds then the next thing we knew, Harry was attacking him" "You attacked him?" Dumbledore blurted out as he looked to Harry "If it was up to me he'd be a lot worse, I'm sure he can handle it" Harry said before kicking Snape in the sides, causing the potions master to groan "tell me headmaster, are you in a habit of hiring death eaters who enjoy reading peoples minds?" "Mr Potter, Professor Snape is no more a death eater than I am" Dumbledore said "Oh, do you also read minds or do you also have a dark mark?" Harry said as he rolled up Snape's sleeve, showing everyone his dark mark "Mr Potter, I fear we are getting off topic, you cannot attack a teacher" "Oh, so it's alright for teachers to mind rape us then?" Delphi countered, the other students nodding in agreement with her words "Miss Riddle, that is not what I am implying" Dumbledore sighed "I am merely stating that Mr Potter went overboard and..." "Overboard?" Harry snorted "No, I defended myself. I couldn't keep him out so I attacked him, I fought him physically because he'd beat me magically. I have never performed a stunning spell nor would I be stupid enough to try it for the very first time against a trained death eater" "Mr Potter, he is not a death eater" Dumbledore sighed "Since entering this class room he has done nothing over than growling and glaring at everyone, insulting Harry and his father who is a well known light wizard that died when he tried to protect his son and then trying to rape the mind of the boy-who-lived. Sounds like a death eater to me" Delphi crossed her arms and even more students agreed with her. "Albus, I think it would be prudent if we get Snape to the hospital wing" McGonagall said "Agreed" Flitwick added whilst glaring at Dumbledore "you can waste time arguing with Mr Potter later" "Very well" Dumbledore looked disappointedly at Harry before helping the other teachers take Snape away, Flitwick gave Harry a slight nod before walking out. A little while later Harry sat in the great hall, the news of potions class had travelled fast and now all of Hogwarts knew what had happened and resulted in some very mixed reactions. Some teachers were in disbelief but others were not surprised as they had heard students complain about Snape for years but still didn't expect him to go so far. The students were slightly different, a few were worried about Harry but the majority of Hufflepuff's were on Harry's side, thanks to the Hufflepuff's in Harry's class they had learnt what had happened. They thought it was appalling for a teacher to read a students mind, they then felt a bit sick about the idea of Snape reading their mind or one of the other Hufflepuff's, they felt quite thankful for the fact that Harry stopped him and were hoping that Snape would be fired. None of the Hufflepuff's liked him anyway. The Gryffindor's, while a bit disappointed that Harry wasn't one of them, were thrilled by the news. It was no secret that they hated Snape and his rather obvious biasedness against Gryffindor and for Slytherin. The only Gryffindor's who didn't hate him were far and few between and they never really lasted throughout seven years of Hogwarts without changing their minds. Their hatred increased tenfold when they realised that the bastard was reading people's minds. The Weasley's, apart from Percy who was struck between disliking attacking a teacher and disliking Snape, began calling Harry a hero for potentially getting rid of Snape. Fay Dunbar was surprised, she had hanged out with Harry and Delphi on the train, and apart from being quiet and untalkative, she never really saw anything that would indicate Harry would be the type of person to attack a teacher. Scratch that, he was wearing a mask, and with that she wasn't quite as shocked as before. But to be fair, Snape is a git and Harry did give off a 'want to be left alone' vibe so she doubted it was him that started it, so Snape probably did try to read Harry's mind. The only Gryffindor who wasn't as happy about the news was Hermione Granger, yes she felt that Snape was a bit grouchy but he was a teacher! Yes, maybe he read someone's mind but he probably had a good reason for it, he was a professor. She couldn't believe that Harry Potter, the boy-who-lived of all people, would attack a teacher. She especially couldn't believe that many people were starting to praise him for it! Didn't they see that what he did was wrong?! The Slytherins were divided as well, some hated Potter for getting for attacking Snape who favoured them a lot, while others who didn't really like Snape, despite his favouritism were glad to see he was gone. The latter because Snape only caused them to become more hated and ruin Slytherin's reputation. Draco Malfoy was firmly in the former, Potter had attacked his godfather and now the whole school was calling him a criminal. With Snape around, Draco would've been free to do whatever he wanted without consequence and punishment from others, but now Potter had ruined that. Hopefully his father would stop Snape from getting fired., The Ravenclaws were calling for Snape's head, one of their own was attacked and they did not like that at all. As people who valued knowledge, and the fact that most of them were raised in the magical world, they realised that what Snape did was a major crime. Only one or two Ravenclaws thought that Harry went too far, most of the house wanted Professor Snape's blood so united in a show of loyalty that would've definitely impressed the Hufflepuff's. "Albus Dumbledore" Amelia Bones, the head of the DMLE (Department of Magical Law Enforcement) walked into the hall, followed by a group of aurors "Amelia" Dumbledore stood up "may I just.." "Can it, where is Professor Snape?" Amelia Bones interrupted "He is in the hospital wing" Flitwick said before Dumbledore could reply "would you like me to walk you there?" "No thank you, I remember the way" Amelia nodded to him before walking off, leaving behind a sweating Dumbledore. "Damn it Severus" Dumbledore whispered to himself A.N: Hi everyone, I was supposed to unleash another chapter for marauder king but that's taking some more time than I originally thought, so in the meanwhile have this. Now, I wanted to ask your opinions. Should Snape be locked up in Azkaban or should I find some way for Dumbledore to save him? It's up to you guys, I'm nice like that. Hope you enjoyed the chapter, feel free to leave a review.
Chapter 4 - "Albus" Snape said as he saw Dumbledore entering his interrogation cell "finally, I was beginning to believe I would rot in here. What took you so long?" Snape said, as Dumbledore looked over the man. Currently his hands were handcuffed to the table and the chair he sat in looked quite old and uncomfortable. "I have just been spending some time conversing with a few ministry officials" Dumbledore admitted "it has taken me some time to merely get a conversation where all of our words won't be recorded" He said before conjuring his own chair and sitting down "Well, how long till you get me out of here?" Snape asked "When I get back to Hogwarts I intend to teach that Potter brat a damn good lesson!" He growled that last part as visions of torturing that hideous brat were gladly accepted into his mind. "There's a problem with that" Dumbledore said "And what's that?" "I'm not sure if I should help you" Dumbledore said calmly "What?!" Snape blurted out, looking at the old man in shock "I trusted you Severus" Dumbledore said sadly "despite everyone else disagreeing with me, constantly I might add, I defended you. I defended you against the members of the order, my fellow colleagues at Hogwarts, the board and even occasionally my students. I did this because I believed that if you had simply let go of your petty grudge and hatred against a dead man, then you would be able to move on and eventually live a happy life. Sadly, not even I can help a person who refuses my help" "Albus that arrogant child attacked me!" "You tried to mind rape him" Dumbledore countered "not only a criminal offence that is highly frowned upon, but you decided to do it on none other than the boy of the prophecy, the boy-who-lived. To make matters worse you chose to do it in front of a classroom full of witnesses including some pureblood children who would have studied occlumency and when you realised that Harry had some mental shields, you didn't stop, you merely continued as if you were determined to beat him, an eleven year old child" "I was showing that brat how to treat his betters!" Snape snapped and slammed his hands on the table in front of him "Severus, I saw a pensive memory of what happened in that classroom, and before you say anything, I should add that it has been checked by multiple people quite a few times, including myself and it is definitely real. In that memory, what I saw was a man with no intention of changing barging into a classroom and attempting to horrify innocent school children. Do you know what it looks like to a casual observer?" "No but I have no doubt that you're going to tell me" Snape glared "It looked like a former death eater stormed into a classroom, insulted some children including and especially the boy-who-lived, who also happens to have most of his face damaged, which will bring him quite a lot of sympathy. You also insulted him and his father despite the fact that the boy had not acted against you in any significant way, you then tried to read his mind and when he fought back you continued trying until he attacked you in an attempt to stop. You tell me Severus, who is the one that people are going to favour? The burned child hero who is the last of an ancient and respected family which includes two war heroes or the half-blood former death eater that barely escaped Azkaban and tried to read a child's mind?" "You...you're going to abandon me?" Snape looked at him with disbelief "Severus, it would take me a great deal of time, money and favours to save you from Azkaban" Dumbledore sighed "it would then take a miracle to get you back into a teaching position at Hogwarts without the board and the parents demanding both of our resignations. Let's say that I do this, this will be what? Your third chance? I remember giving you a second chance all those years ago and you've blown it within an hour of meeting the one boy you knew would be the one responsible for the downfall of Voldemort. Should I give you a fourth chance? A fifth? A sixth? A seventh?" "Dumbledore please" Snape begged "Severus, did it ever occur to you that illegally invading a child's mind could have gotten you a life sentence and cost you your position as spy? When Voldemort returns, and we both know he will, you will be lucky if he merely let's you off with the cruciatus curse" Snape paled dramatically, if not for the severity of the situation, Dumbledore would have been impressed at how pale the man could turn "no, in all honesty, he is likely to kill you. You however didn't consider that, because you preferred to hold on to a grudge against a dead man and then transfer it on to a child who had never met him. It never occurred to you that the child was not a notorious prankster, you never remembered me telling you that he grew up in an orphanage and you ignored the clear signs of suffering shown by the fact that most of his face is damaged beyond repair. What disappoints me the most is the fact that you also forgot that he is the son of the woman you've claimed to love your whole life, the woman who you led me to believe was the reason you had joined my side in the first place." "Albus, you need me!" Snape decided to try a different method of persuasion "I am your spy! Without me you will suffer! You need me! I am far more important than that Potter brat!" "Severus, after what you've done it is impossible for me to get you out of this" Dumbledore replied, looking at Snape with eyes full of pity "at best I am capable of reducing your sentence, I do believe in redemption and I would love nothing more than to get you out of here, but I can't. I apologise, it is simply out of my hands. Like I've said, at best I am capable of reducing your sentence. The only way you could possibly get out of this is to convince Harry Potter to drop all charges." "Then do it!" Snape shouted "Get that infernal brat and make him release me!" "Severus do I look like I have total control over Potter?" Dumbledore raised an eyebrow "As I have told you, I barely know anything about him over than what he looks like, the fact that he lives in an orphanage and regularly meets Bellatrix Lestrange" "Lestrange?!" "Yes, if you weren't so focused on your hatred of Potter you would've noticed a girl in your class that goes by the name Delphi Riddle" Dumbledore said "you're getting sloppy Severus" He added disappointedly "but yes, he is friends with her daughter, so that at least answers the question of who taught him occlumency. Who knows what else she has taught him? And I am not about to try and run off the saviour of the wizarding world and prophecy child to that woman simply because a man I had trusted couldn't control himself. Besides, as I've said, I 'can't' get you out, not 'won't'. I have managed to delay your trial for a little while, I will go back to Hogwarts and try to convince Mr Potter of your importance and try to get him to drop the charges, however I wouldn't put too much hope on that Severus. I will be back soon, I hope you take the time to think about your actions and the consequences they have caused, not just for yourself but also me and the rest of the wizarding world." Dumbledore stood up and vanished the chair, he left before Snape could reply and made his way back to Hogwarts, hoping he would be able to convince Harry to forgive Snape. "Are you alright?" Fay Dunbar asked Harry as she sat next to Delphi at the Ravenclaw table, Harry sat opposite the two girls with Shadow sitting on the table, eating the food that Harry had left for him "I heard about what Snape did, the whole school did in fact. Can't believe the bastard tried to mind rape you!" "I know!" Delphi growled "and Dumbledore had the nerve to lecture Harry for it" "Meh" Harry shrugged "doesn't really matter" "Doesn't matter?!" Fay repeated with disbelief in her voice "Either he stays in Azkaban or he comes back here, if he returns then he'll either practise some self control or I'll do worse" "Potter" Malfoy's voice came from behind Harry. He turned, and saw Draco Malfoy standing with both of his goons. "You will pay for what you did" "What exactly did I do?" Harry asked "Don't play dumb Potter!" Malfoy snapped "You sent my godfather to Azkaban!" "Who? Snape?" Harry asked "No, I sent him to the hospital wing, somebody else sent him to Azkaban. Besides, he tried to rape my mind, he should be appreciative that I stopped at all." "You had better watch yourself Potter, I'm going to make you suffer!" Malfoy growled "Tell me, Draco" Harry gently pushed his plate away as a smile made its way on to his face, he turned and stood up "Do you think that I fear you?" He walked forwards and stopped, right in front of Malfoy, a step away from crashing into him "Do you think I've never suffered? I know pain, I know suffering and I know how to give you tons of both. You don't know suffering. Push me too far though, and you will" "I'm not afraid of you scar-face!" "That's because you don't believe in me" Harry gave him a little smirk "What?" A confused Malfoy asked "You don't believe in anyone else being better, stronger. You were raised to believe that you were top of the mountain despite the fact that your father had probably wore kneepads everyday so he could always quickly bend down and kiss his masters feet. You're delusional, when your older, when you understand the real world, you won't look at me and laugh at my scars. No, you'll look at me and pray that I don't give you worse" "Is there a problem here gentlemen?" Professor Flitwick said as he arrived on scene "No" Malfoy glared at Harry "none at all" He said before walking away, Crabbe and Goyle following after him "Mr Potter" Flitwick said to Harry "I must apologise but the headmaster has requested your presence in his office" "Requested or demanded?" Harry turned to the Professor "Well, his exact words were 'could you please go and fetch Mr Potter and bring him to my office', so yes I'd say it was a demand" "Fine, let's go" Harry said just as Shadow flew to his shoulder "bye guys" he said to Delphi and the Fay before walking behind the Charms Professor who began leading him to the headmaster's office. "Tell me Mr Potter" Flitwick said as they walked "what would have happened if it was a request?" "I'm not the headmaster's friend" Harry replied "I have no reason to do anything because he asks" "Hmm" Flitwick let out a small chuckle "Ah, Mr Potter, thank you Filius, you may leave now" Dumbledore said as Harry entered "please sit, would you like a lemon drop?" "No and I want to make it clear that the only reason I'm sitting is because I want to" Harry said shortly before sitting down opposite the headmaster "also I want Flitwick to stay here, that way if you also try to read my mind I will have at least one witness, now what do you want?" "Mr Potter, I do not intend to read your mind" Dumbledore said "Yeah, but you also said Snape wasn't a death eater, forgive me if I don't exactly have full confidence in you" Harry replied as he crossed his arms and Shadow nodded in agreement "Very well" Dumbledore sighed "Mr Potter, I will be honest with you, I have asked you here to request that you drop the charges on Professor Snape" "Albus!" Flitwick exclaimed "Request, merely request" Dumbledore said to Flitwick before turning back to Harry "Mr Potter, I need Severus with me for multiple reasons." "Is one of them a lonely bed?" Harry asked innocently "Very funny" Dumbledore sent Harry a small glare before continuing "firstly Snape is, without argument, an excellent potions master" "Also a horrible teacher and a first class, grade A, arse" Harry interrupted "He was also my spy during the last wizarding war with Voldemort" Dumbledore said, ignoring Harry's description, despite how accurate it is. "And I should care?" Harry asked "Being a spy does not translate into him being a good teacher, nor does it give him permission to invade minds whenever he feels like it. Besides, with someone that has a big as temper and little self control as him, do you really think he was a good spy?" "Mr Potter, I believe Voldemort will return" Dumbledore admitted, once again ignoring Harry's words "What?" Flitwick gasped "I will explain it to you later Flitwick, I promise" Dumbledore said before turning back to Harry "I believe he is alive and when he returns I will need Severus to spy on him" "And I should care?" Harry looked at Dumbledore unimpressed "Mr Potter, the information he could bring could save many lives" "I disagree, mostly because I doubt his competence as a spy" Harry replied "besides, what would it matter to me if Voldemort returns?" "Mr Potter, he will try and kill you!" Dumbledore exclaimed "Me and everyone I care about in a Fidelius charm in another country" Harry shrugged "a rather brilliant if oversimplified method of avoiding him, and seeing as I have very little people I care about I don't have much reason to care. Me, Delphi and her mum can easily get out the country. Plus you haven't really given me any reason to believe he is back, what makes you think he is still alive?" "I have my reasons Mr Potter" Dumbledore said, he did not want to tell Harry about the horcruxes, not yet at least "In which case I have my reasons for telling you that if they execute Snape, I will not be coming to his funeral" Harry stood up "though if he's sent to Azkaban then I will occasionally send a letter for no other reason than to annoy him, goodbye Professor" "Harry please, it is important to have Severus released!" "I will think about it" Harry said as he walked towards the door, he opened it then looked back at Dumbledore "I've just thought about it, my answer is 'no'. Goodbye" Harry said as he walked out of the room. Harry was walking back to the common room when he heard someone calling him. He turned around to see a bushy haired girl walking towards him, she looked vaguely familiar, and currently she had three books tucked under her left arm and a stern expression on her face. "Can I help you?" Harry asked "You're not supposed to have a raven for a pet" She stopped in front of him and pointed at Shadow with her free hand, Shadow looked indignant and screeched at the girl, surprising her. "He is not my pet, he is a familiar, and those are allowed and if you're competent enough then you'll be able to check the school by-laws and see I'm telling the truth" Harry said "What's a familiar?" She asked "Do I look like a teacher? Go ask a prefect or something" Harry said before walking off "Hey!" The girl said, she quickly rushed forwards until she was in front of Harry, forcing him to stop "Don't walk away from me!" "Well I lack the effort to run away" Harry said dryly "now, I don't know your name..." "It's Hermione Granger" "And I don't care enough to learn it" Harry continued as if she hadn't said anything "I have better things to do, things I'd rather do, than talk to you. Now excuse me" "You're being awfully rude" "You're being unbearably irritating. Now move" "You can't talk to me like that!" "You mean I shouldn't talk to you like that, either way I'm still going to do it. Now move" "I'll tell off you" "I'm shaking in my boots" Harry said sarcastically "Now I will assume that you're hard of hearing, which is why I will repeat myself once more. Now...move" "You're Harry Potter, all the books said you were supposed to be a hero but you act like a bully and..." Hermione was cut off by a sudden pain in her scalp, she felt her hair being pulled and had no choice but to backwards, she tripped and landed on her bottom. Her books fell to the floor, she looked up to see Shadow fly back to Harry's shoulder and she quickly realised that the raven was the one that pulled her. "Told you to move" Harry said as he walked forwards "as for those books, they lied, because I am many things but..." Harry kicked her fallen books away, he then pulled out his wand and fired a spell that barely missed Hermione and hit the floor next to her, causing Hermione to jump and a scorch mark to appear "I am no hero. Goodbye" He added before walking off. "Severus" Dumbledore said as he entered Snape's holding cell "Albus, my trial is tomorrow" Snape reminded him "they given me a potion to get rid of my mind barriers so they can use veritaserum on me, I will have to spend Merlin knows how long before I get them back to their previous strength, that can't be legal!" "Unfortunately it is, it is rarely ever used but always in cases involving mind reading, as it is a major crime but there is no proof except to those knowledgeable in the mind arts and..." "Enough with your lectures! Get me out of here!" "Alas, I sadly could not convince Mr Potter to drop the charges" Dumbledore said sadly "I apologise Severus but you will have to suffer for what you've done, as I've said previously I can find a way to reduce your sentence and..." "No! No!" Snape roared "You will get me out of here or so help me Merlin, I will tell everyone about that thrice damned prophecy!" "Really?" Dumbledore froze "Yes, free me!" Snape snarled "Very well" Dumbledore sighed before taking out his wand, Snape smirked, glad to see that Dumbledore was finally freeing him. Or so he thought. Dumbledore quickly hit him with a stunner, causing the man to drop like a sack of potato's "I am truly about this Severus, obliviate!" Dumbledore said as he wiped Snape's mind of Dumbledore stunning him and of the prophecy, he briefly considered wiping his mind of the mind reading incident in class so he wouldn't admit to it under veritaserum but he discarded that idea immediately. There were too many witnesses and it would look suspicious if Snape couldn't remember. "My sincerest apologies Severus, I truly am sorry" Dumbledore waved his wand and made it appear as if it Snape had merely fallen asleep "goodbye old friend"
Chapter 5 - "That stupid brat!" Snape cursed as he was dragged by two aurors into his Azkaban cell, the court trial was over relatively quickly. Dumbledore had wisely chose not to be present, meanwhile Snape was given the harshest punishment, short of death, possible. "I will not let that arrogant brat ruin me!" He screamed "Eh, shut your pie hole" One of the aurors punched Snape in the stomach, causing him to gasp out in pain "always wanted to do that" he grinned "Don't know if you remember us Snape" The other one said as he also punched Snape "but we nearly failed our newt potions because of you, I can't remember a day going by without you calling us 'dunderheads'. Well, say what you want but we weren't the ones stupid enough to go to jail for attacking the 'boy-who-lived' in front of a class of witnesses." The two aurors tossed him into his cell and closed the doors "Have fun Snape" "Yeah" The other auror smirked "the dementors will be by in half an hour, have fun" The two aurors smiled and walked off 'Well, this can't get any worse' Snape thought to himself as he sat up "Oh Snivelus" Came a singsong voice from the cell to Snape's right "it's so nice to see you again my greasy, ugly friend" "No!" Snape shouted "No! No! NO!" "Ha ha ha!" The voice laughed "We're going to have so much fun, aren't we Snape?" The voice laughed hysterically "Curse you Black! Curse you and Potter and his bloody son! CURSE YOU ALL!" Snape screamed, looking the very picture of insane. That night, Sirius Black, the supposed murderer of thirteen muggles and betrayer of the Potters, laughed himself to sleep. "Mr Potter" A voice called to Harry as he had just finished eating his breakfast, he and Delphi turned to see a stern Professor McGonagall standing in front of them "come with me" She ordered "May I ask why?" Harry replied as Shadow flew in from above and landed on his shoulder "I have heard complaints about you bullying another student, you will come with me so we can get to the bottom of this" McGonagall answered impatiently "Hmm, a Gryffindor?" Harry asked as he stood up "Yes" McGonagall nodded "Fine, I want Professor Flitwick and Professor Sprout there then" Harry replied "Whatever for?" McGonagall looked confused "Well I can't help but feel that you've already made up your mind as it involves one of your little lions, I am one of Professor Flitwick's Ravens..." "Eagle" Delphi whispered to herself, not quietly enough "Raven!" Harry snapped at her before calmly turning to Professor McGonagall "This way we would each have our head of house with us, and I want Professor Sprout as she is a neutral party, not being a Ravenclaw or a Gryffindor" "That is completely unnecessary" McGonagall objected "Are you saying you don't trust your fellow Professors to be unbiased?" Harry asked "Are you saying you don't trust me to be unbiased?" McGonagall countered "No, I don't" Harry responded "I don't know you outside of class, I have no reason to trust you" Harry answered honestly "Fine" McGonagall huffed and sent him a withering glare "go and wait in my classroom while I gather the other two professors" She added before stalking off "What a pleasant woman" Harry said to Shadow before walking off A few minutes later Harry had entered McGonagall's class, Hermione Granger was standing by the desk, she looked really smug until she realised that McGonagall wasn't there. "Where's the Professor?" She asked "Getting drunk and partying with the Slytherin's" Harry answered "Really?" "I...I can't...how would anyone believe that I was remotely serious when I said that?" Harry looked at Hermione like she was a puzzle with more than a few pieces missing, meanwhile Hermione had just realised he was being sarcastic and blushed a little in embarrassment. Harry shook his head and walked forward before stopping by the desk, he turned and leaned his back on it. "Why don't you..." Hermione began only to be cut off by Harry "Shush" He said "we're already in this mess because you had unfortunately been born with a mouth, let's not make it worse" "Do you have to be so rude?!" "No but I have very few joys in my life" Harry replied just as the three Professors walked in "Now that we are all here" McGonagall said "let's discuss your behaviour Mr Potter" "That sounds suspiciously like someone who has already made their mind up" Harry pointed out "He's right Minerva" Professor Flitwick agreed "I suggest we listen to both sides before making any decisions" Sprout interrupted just in case the two started arguing "Miss Granger, perhaps you should go first" "Well" Hermione started "I had seen Harry walking yesterday then I told him that he wasn't allowed to bring a raven as a pet, he then said it was his familiar. When I asked him what that means, he started acting rude and then his raven grabbed me by my hair and pulled me until I fell on the floor. He then fired a spell that hit the floor next to me and walked off" "Okay, now Mr Potter?" Professor Sprout prompted "I was walking, minding my own business, as usual" Harry began "the next thing I know, somebody's calling my name. Then she" he gestured to Hermione "began telling me off for having a raven. Ignoring the fact that she was acting like someone with authority over me, I told her it was a familiar and when she asked what that it I told her to go and ask a prefect because I'm not a teacher. I then left, because I had better things to do than stay and talk to her" "What exactly?" Professor Flitwick asked "I wanted to get my homework done then go outside with Shadow" Harry answered "anyway I walk past her, she runs in front of me and demands that I don't walk away from her. I then tell her repeatedly to move out of the way but she refuses to listen and even goes so far as to remind me that I'm supposed to act like a hero because of some books she read. Shadow sensed my irritation and desire for her to get out of the way and pulled her out the way. I did fire that spell but it was a warning spell and nothing more, I couldn't have missed at the distance between us. Well...I could but that would've been incredibly unlikely. But if anything, she should be punished for harassment" "I did not harass you!" Hermione blurted out, shocked at the accusation "You weren't leaving me alone, you wouldn't let me pass and you kept trying to talk to me despite my clear discomfort and desire to not talk to you. What else would you call it? Bullying?" Harry asked before turning back to the Professors "Anyway, what's the verdict?" "Well, personally I think both should be punished" Sprout said after a short while "Miss Granger shouldn't have been bothering Mr Potter, but Mr Potter shouldn't have reacted the way he did. Perhaps a detention for both" "That's all brilliant apart from one small thing" Harry said "And what would that be?" Professor McGonagall asked "I will not attend any detentions" Harry replied "Yes you will!" The Professor replied "No, I won't, detentions are for wrong doers that want to stay in school. Me, I don't care either way" "Mr Potter, you will do your detentions!" McGonagall demanded "Or what?" Harry snorted "Suspension? Expulsion?" They couldn't help but notice the last word was said with a bit of hope "Mr Potter, do you want to be expelled?" Professor Flitwick asked "Quite frankly sir, I never wanted to come here in the first place. The only reason I'm here is because I am forced to be here" Harry answered "so here's how this is going to work, I don't care for your point system. Take ten or a hundred, it doesn't bother me because I don't give two shits about a cup that I won't get to keep and will have to be returned before the end of next summer. I will not do any detentions either, I will not actively cause problems nor will I seek out trouble but I will not do detentions. The only thing I plan to do is attend class and get as much knowledge as I can possibly get from the library until the end of my fifth year, by that point I will be gone. I will do homework because that can help me with learning but that's it. If that bothers you then suspend me or go and convince whiskers to expel me, goodbye" Harry said as he walked away, leaving a trio of stunned Professors and one Hermione Granger "What happened?" Delphi asked once Harry had returned "It went brilliantly" Harry smiled "Really?" She said in a voice that made it clear she didn't believe him "Well, no one was hurt...this time" Harry added "Hmm" Delphi thought about that for a few seconds "that's better than I expected The next day, Harry was called into the headmaster's office, he wasn't surprised but that didn't mean he was not incredibly irritated, especially when the note arrived when he was eating breakfast. After saying what he thought was an incredibly stupid password, he walked up the stairs to the headmaster's office. "Alright, what do you want you old fart?" Harry asked in a bored tone as he came in and immediately sat down opposite the headmaster "hmm" he looked around and noticed that it was just him and Dumbledore "alone huh? I must say I'm flattered sir" "Mr Potter" Dumbledore sighed "I have heard about the conversation you had yesterday, I was informed by one of the professors..." "Was it McGonagall?" Harry interrupted "I bet it was McGonagall" "And I was told about what you said" Dumbledore continued, ignoring the question "I am rather disappointed that you still believe the best thing for you to do is to leave Hogwarts as soon as possible" "Tough" Harry shrugged "I never wanted to come here, you knew that. What? Did you expect me to see a few spells and suddenly change my mind?" "Mr Potter, it does concern me that you don't seem to be enjoying yourself here, is there anything we can change to help you with that?" Dumbledore asked "How about the removal and execution of all idiots in the school?" Harry asked innocently "Somehow, I don't see that happening" Dumbledore said dryly "Can you pass a rule that says it's a punishment for people to talk to me unless they absolutely have to?" Harry asked "Again, no" "In that case, my answer to your question is no" Harry replied "like I've already said, I never wanted to come here and I would've been more than fine with some private tutors." "Very well" Dumbledore sighed "though I hope that you will change your mind before the end of your fifth year. However, with that being said, you do have a detention and..." "I'm not going" Harry cut him off "Mr Potter, please understand, you must go. It is the same for every student, if you do something wrong then you must be punished" "Oh, is that a rule that applies for everyone?" Harry asked "Is that a rule for life?" "Yes, yes it is" Dumbledore nodded "In that case, why did you save Snape the first time around?" Harry asked "According to your words, he should have been punished and sent to Azkaban. Why wasn't he? Because you wanted a spy just in case?" "Mr Potter, Professor Snape is..." "Not a professor anymore" Harry pointed out "Severus Snape has been sent to Azkaban, he has nothing to do with this argument" "Yes he does" Harry argued "you saved him because he was useful, he avoided punishment because of you. Sure he had a job he hated but he could have made it work with a bit of effort, it would've been a lot better than a prison cell. Now he's back because of his own actions, because he thought you'd save him again. Me, I'm not like Snape. I know there are consequences for my actions, after the incident with Hermione Granger I knew you'd try and punish me. I knew I'd be punished eventually, though I expected it to be a lot earlier. Either way, I refuse the detentions and I don't give a rat's arse about the point system. So, if you want to suspend me then great, if you want to expel me then brilliant. I don't care what you do, just don't waste my time." "Mr Potter, please try and work with us" Dumbledore pleaded "I could do that...or I could do what I want...hmm, that's a difficult choice" Harry said as he pretended to think about it "not, goodbye headmaster, I've got things to do. Chief of which is ignoring you and that's easier when I'm not in the same room" Harry stood up and walked out "Harry" Dumbledore called out but Harry had already began ignoring him "Harry" A voice called as he entered the Ravenclaw common room and found most of his house sitting and they had apparently been waiting for him. Delphi shot him an apologetic look. "What's up?" Harry asked "Do...do you really not want to be in Hogwarts?" One person asked "Hmm, word really get's around here" Harry commented to himself "Why?" One Ravenclaw asked "Why wouldn't you want to be here?" "I would of thought it was obvious" Harry frowned "Not really" Cho said "Fine, I will tell you" Harry calmly replied "I don't want to be here for multiple reasons. Partly because of the pureblood discriminatory bastards who either hate me for being a half-blood or stopping Voldemort or both" Harry said, ignoring the gasps when he said the name "I am also not terribly fond of people judging me and expecting me to be someone I'm not. I don't know which idiot made me out to be a kind and happy Gryffindor but after a rather shitty life I think I have the right to act how I want. Did you know there were books written about me? Detailing my life and all the adventures I had gone on? Did you know they were bullshit and I only discovered them when I was ten and hired a lawyer to sure those responsible for using my name to get profit without giving any to me? It is incredibly irritating to have people tell me I'm not acting like the parents that I never knew or not acting like Harry Potter is supposed to act. Hermione Ginger had told me something similar the other day." "Granger" Delphi corrected "What?" Harry asked "Her name is Hermione Granger" Delphi explained "She could be called 'left toe nail' as far as I'm concerned" Harry said dismissively before turning back to the other Ravens "the Slytherin's already hate me, as for the badgers, apart from a few in first year the rest of the Hufflepuff's either look at me with pity or like I'm a dark wizard. A few of the Gryffindor's are also upset I'm not one of them. If that's not enough I have to constantly deal with idiots like Ronald Weasley who wants to befriend me for my fame. On top of that everyone keeps looking at my face, they keep trying to be sneaky about it but I see them. I see them pretend not to look and I've seen the idiots who just straight up look at me without pretending. Let's not pretend there's nobody in this house who hasn't done that" Harry said and a few of the Ravenclaws looked down or away as they realised he was right "besides, let's not beat around the bush here, you all judge me. Not just the rest of the houses, but you all judge me. You see I know what you all think when you look at me. Some of you may think weak, others may think I should be pitied, some of you think I look horrible, others are trying to work out why I don't act how you expect and look at me like I'm an animal you're supposed to be experimenting on. I have no doubt that some of you think I'm just a loner who Delphi pities and I have no doubt that a lot of you think I'm a freak. So tell me, if I had brought each and every one of you to a place where you couldn't find more than one person who wouldn't judge you for things out of your control, wouldn't you want to leave? As soon as Snape saw me he judged me for my fame and my parents, and he's a teacher. Guess what Dumbledore did, begged me to spare him and defended him. Here, I have nothing other than judgement and pity and I want none of it. I just want to be me, I don't like pretending to be civil so the lot of you don't suddenly call me a dark lord in training the very second I do something that you don't approve of or like. I want peace and quiet and the only way I get that is to be left alone, hard to achieve in a castle full of hundreds of students and twice as many eyes." Harry clenched his jaw and walked up into his room. Meanwhile, Delphi looked around and observed the Ravenclaws. A few looked shock, some looked guilty, others looked sad and one or two looked angry but she didn't really think that the anger was directed at Harry. In truth, she was surprised that Harry had talked so much, he usually always kept quiet and said as little as possible. Though, she had noticed his irritation and forced control, perhaps that was just his way of releasing tension. On the day of the Halloween feast, Harry sat in his common room, relaxing by the fire with a book. Apparently the feast was mandatory but Harry really didn't care. He looked around and was glad that everyone else did as it meant he got some time alone. His interactions with the rest of Ravenclaw were awkward, it seemed that they were still thinking on his words and didn't really know how to react to him. Shadow was out, searching for food. Harry looked around once more, making sure that nobody was around. He put his book down and slowly knelt down by the fire, he watched as it flickered and swayed in front of him. The bright colours drew him in, the lack of stillness kept him entranced. He slowly reached out his hand, and pushed it towards the burning flames. His hand got closer and closer, he could feel the heat on his hand, he could feel his finger nails heating up. The tips of his finger was mere centimeters away when suddenly he heard a noise, he jumped back into his seat and quickly picked up his book. Then apparently the whole of the Ravenclaw house came in, all of them were chatting animatedly, something about a troll but Harry didn't pay much attention. Until he heard something of interest. "Apparently that Gryffindor girl Fay and Delphi were there" One voice, belonging to Padma Patil spoke "What?" Harry's voice cut through the air, and all conversation stopped "What about Delphi and Fay?" Harry said as he stood up and narrowed his eyes, the shadows concealing his burnt half, making him look quite sinister. "Um...uh...well, apparently they had fought the troll" Padma replied nervously "W...what?" Harry's voice took an icy coldness as he growled and began walking past people "Mind raping teachers and now trolls, what the fuck is next? Giant snakes?" "Where are you going?" Terry Boot asked "To go find them" Harry replied without looking back "But you can't, they told us to stay and..." "Never cared for rules" Harry cut him off and walked out the common room "Delphi if you don't have a good reason for fighting a troll I swear I will hex you" He growled
Chapter 6 - "Now Miss Riddle" Dumbledore said as he and the three heads of house stood in the hospital wing, in front of two beds, in one bed was Fay Dunbar and in the other was Delphi Riddle "would you like to explain to us what happened?" "Uh...well..." Fay began "what happened was..." "DELPHI!" A voice shouted, the teachers and Fay jumped in shock while Delphi cringed, a second later the doors opened and Harry Potter walked in. His eyes scanned the room until he saw Delphi's bed and walked towards them. He walked right past the other teachers, Flitwick even jumped out of the way so he didn't get run over. "Mr Potter" Dumbledore stepped in front of him "I understand that you are upset but..." "Move" Harry waved his right hand and Dumbledore was pushed over, landing on the floor and out of Harry's way. Harry walked past them ignoring their surprised faces as he reached Delphi. "Are you hurt?" He asked as he began scanning her for injuries "No, I'm fine" She replied "Good" Harry's right hand reached out and grabbed her by the ear "Ow!" "Now" Harry spoke "I was having a pleasant evening which was going brilliantly until I had to listen to a pair of gossiping idiots say you had fought a mother-fucking troll!" "Mr Potter!" McGonagall exclaimed "And then" Harry ignored her "I had to come here to make sure you weren't missing any of your limbs when I had actually planned to have an early sleep tonight. So, unless you want me to rip this ear off and send it to your mother with a note that says 'you raised an idiot', I would advise you to make the explanation you are about to give phenomenally good." "But mum would be upset with you" Delphi pointed out "And if I wrote 'P.S she deserved this'?" Harry countered and silence reigned for a good ten seconds "Damn" Delphi cursed as she realised she was foiled "H...Harry, it's my fault" Fay said from her bed "Okay" Harry let go of Delphi "how do your parents feel about getting sent body parts?" "Harry, no, it's my fault" Delphi said "You two had better decide quickly before I lose what little patience I have left" Harry said in a warning tone "and I am currently running on reserves here" "I had heard Hermione Granger was crying in the bathroom" Fay said "And that's relevant how?" Harry turned to her "Apparently Ron Weasley had made her cry" Delphi added "What? Did she smell his breath?" Harry asked with a hint of concern "No but he had apparently said something mean to her after charms class" "So we'll add him to the list of everyone who's ever got to deal with Granger, what does this have to do with the bloody troll?" "Mr Potter, watch your language!" McGonagall scolded "Impossible unless I write everything out and no I won't" Harry said dismissively "Quirrell had come into the great hall, screaming about some troll" Delphi continued, seeing as Harry was close to his the end of his patience "Dumbledore then told us to all go to our dormitories" "I will deal with that idiot later on" Harry gestured to the headmaster, ignoring the reactions of everyone else "continue" "I saw Fay walking away from the Gryffindor's" She continued "I was curious so I followed her, Fay then told me about how Hermione Granger was crying in the bathroom" "Well that's just rude" Harry commented "How is that rude?" Fay asked "I'm no expert but occupying a public space that others need to do their business so you can cry, is pretty rude. If she was that desperate then she should have chosen a broom closet and put up a silencing spell" "Mr Potter, the silencing spell is very advanced" Dumbledore began but was cut off by Harry "Silencio" He silenced Dumbledore "one of the first spells I had decided to learn, it served me well over the years" "Amazing charm work" Flitwick exclaimed "Thank you" Harry turned back to the girls "continue" "Well, we were told that the troll was in the dungeon" Fay said "so we wanted to quickly get Hermione before the troll came but then it turned out to not be in the dungeon. Delphi managed to hit it in the eyes and it charged head forth into a wall and knocked itself out" "That's stupid, that's stupid" Harry said with disbelief "Hey, I didn't make it, just lived through it" Fay Dunbar replied with a shrug "Fine" Harry sighed and pointed a finger at Delphi "the next time you want to follow after someone during a time of crisis, don't! Fay's a Gryffindor so she can be forgiven for being reckless" McGonagall looked very insulted by Harry's opinion of her lions "and next time call a teacher or a damn prefect" "Sorry Harry" Delphi ducked her head "As for you" Harry turned to Dumbledore "grow more brain cells or retire you old fart" "What is that supposed to mean?" Dumbledore asked after removing the silencing charm "I am no expert but I would like to believe that groups of students would not stand as good of a chance at fighting a tall, magic resistant troll when in comparison to nearly every student in the whole school. If nearly everyone was in the great hall then why didn't you have them all stay together? All the years together should be able to easily protect each other while the teachers comb the school for the troll. Also, if the troll was in the dungeon then why would you send the children back to their house rooms when the Slytherin house is in the dungeons and the Hufflepuff house is nearby? You absolute idiot!" Dumbledore jumped back slightly, he and the other teachers felt reminded of an angry red head known as Lily. She would also lay into people in a way that would make them feel stupid and scare them at the same time. It was clear that Harry had definitely inherited some things from his parents "I admit, Mr Potter, that Dumbledore's decision wasn't the best" McGonagall said after a brief silence "but it does not give you the right to address him without respect. Your language leaves much to be desired and..." "This is getting boring" Harry cut her off and turned back to Delphi and fay "see the shit that I have to deal with because of you two" "Let us leave" Dumbledore said to his colleagues and they all left, after sending a few glances at Harry "I am sorry Harry" Delphi said sincerely "Fine" Harry sighed and sat next to her, pulling her into a soft embrace "Thank you" She said "You, despite my various attempts at making you go away, are my best friend" Harry said as he let he go "Really?" She asked "No but you are my best human friend" Harry replied "which is why I value you a lot. So I'm going to say this one time. Do not do something so stupid again, because if you do then I will flip a coin. If it lands on heads then I will have Shadow tail you every second that I am not around you but if it lands on tails then I will find a way to make the silencing charm permanent and then handcuff you to me to prevent you from doing more stupid things" "And if it somehow lands on neither?" Delphi said jokingly, hoping to lower some of the tension in the room "Then you had better pray that I am feeling nice" Harry answered immediately "Okay" Delphi gulped and nodded nervously "Do I need to give you a speech as well?" Harry looked towards Fay "No! No." Fay shook her head quickly "Good" Harry nodded, satisfied with their fear levels The Slytherin's were hanging out in the common room, it had been a little while since the troll had attacked and the rumours had died down. Some seemed believable but others were completely idiotic. Draco Malfoy was currently sitting in the common room with his lackey's behind him. Draco was not the strongest nor smartest of the Slytherin's, however the rest gave him plenty of space and allowed him to think that because of his father. Lucius Malfoy could easily make things difficult for them all. The door to the common room opened, not that the Slytherin's noticed as they were all busy doing their own things. "Well, this is charming" All heads in the room snapped towards Harry Potter, who was standing in front of the now closed common room door "Potter!" Malfoy exclaimed in shock as all the Slytherin's stood "How'd you get in here?" "I used a little bit of intelligence, a sprinkle of patience and a spoonful of none of your damn business" Harry said as he looked around the room with a smile, causing a few Slytherin's to be intimidated. They had never seen Potter smile before and right now he looked damn evil. "What are you doing here?!" Draco demanded "You see" Harry took a few steps forward before stopping "eventually Dumbledore is going to find a new potions master and head of this house. So I think I've held this off for long enough" "Held what off?!" Pansy Parkinson replied "Back in the muggle world there is a saying, find the biggest bully and punch him in the nose, as of the moment Slytherin house is the biggest bully. You see, back where I live, I always found the toughest person there and made sure that person realised that I am not someone to be messed with. Now, while I don't have any personal problems against any of you, some do with me and I'd rather nip it in the bud right now. This is nothing personal, though I will more than likely enjoy it. So, I am here to do that now. Anyone who doesn't have a problem with me, I'd advise you go and stay in a corner so you're out the way when the carnage starts." "Enough of this Potter!" A Slytherin prefect walked forward and grabbed Harry by the collar "normally I would drag you to a teacher, but I think that since you're in our house, you'd benefit from being punished by us" "Tell me" Harry looked at the Slytherin with a calm expression "do you feel in charge? Do you think you're stronger and better than me?" "Of course I am" The prefect snorted "Let's fix that" Harry grabbed the prefect with his right hand, the prefect suddenly began screaming in pain as he pulled his hand back out of Harry's hand as quick as possible. The other Slytherin's jumped back as the prefect fell to his knees with his hand burnt. Harry, with the same hand shoved the prefect in the chest and he flew filing across the room before knocking over a group of other Slytherin's. "What the hell?!" Another Slytherin shouted "Shush" Harry grinned "I'd be quiet if I were you" Harry spoke, his voice soft yet deadly, slow but impactful while his hand reached into his robes "the fun...it's just getting started" Harry said as he removed his skull mask and placed it over his head "And that is the second years done" Dumbledore said at the staff meeting, designed to discuss the student's progress "Yes but Albus, the students keep asking about when we will get a new potions teacher" Sprout said "Ah, rest assured, I have that under complete control. Horace Slughorn has agreed to return, he will floo me tomorrow and let me know when he will be able to make his return to Hogwarts" Dumbledore replied "Marvelous" Flitwick said "I guess it's time to discuss the first years then." "Indeed" McGonagall nodded "who is going to start?" "I shall" Sprout said "my first years are all rather bright and attentive. A few don't seem to have the proper appreciation of the subject but apart from that they are mostly well behaved. The most noticeable ones in my own house for me at the moment, would be Susan Bones and Hannah Abbot, both are such lovely and sweet girls. As for Gryffindor, Neville Longbottom shows the most promise and is currently the best in his year at herbology. I just think the boy needs more confidence. As for Slytherin, the most noticeable student would be Draco Malfoy but not exactly for good reasons. I've yet to have a lesson where the boy doesn't whine about something. As for Ravenclaw...hmm, I would have to say Harry Potter and Delphi Riddle are the most noticeable. Delphi has no problem attempting to talk to others, though Mr Potter really seems to prefer to just do the work and have minimal contact with everyone. What about you Minerva?" "Well" McGonagall sighed "for my own lions, I would say Miss Granger is currently the best in my class. For the Hufflepuff's, I would place Megan Jones at the top, slightly above Susan. For the Slytherin's, I would place Tracy Davis and Daphne Greengrass at the best as of the moment. For the Ravenclaws, I must admit that Harry Potter is the best. He appears to have inherited his father's natural talent for the subject though he doesn't appear to enjoy it. He does the work, occasionally helps Miss Riddle and ends it there. He doesn't talk to anyone else unless he has to. What about you Filius?" "Well, in my charms class I would say that the Hufflepuff's are rather neck and neck at the moment, they appear to be equally matched, I would guess it's from practising together. Hermione Granger for the Gryffindor's, though Mr Finnegan could catch up with sufficient motivation. As for the Slytherin's I would have to say that Daphne Greengrass is the best, although Draco Malfoy does attract attention with his constant messing around and need to distract other students. As for Ravenclaw, yes I would say that Harry Potter is my best raven when it comes to my class. At first he seemed very board, so I started giving him more challenging work. He is currently working at around a second to third year standard" "Really?" Dumbledore asked with clear surprise "Oh yes, at this rate I believe he could take his newts by his fifth year" Flitwick said as a realisation came to him "matter of fact, that may just be what he is attempting" "What do you mean?" Sprout asked "Mr Potter has made it rather clear that he is not hear willingly, from what I can tell he will stay the obligated five years then leave. Though from what I understand, he may be researching ahead to take his newts early or right after finishing so he has no reason to return to school" "Do forgive me for stating the obvious" Professor Sprout replied "but it is clear that Mr Potter doesn't want to attend the school yet for some reason he is still here?" "Yes" Dumbledore nodded "when I had met Mr Potter, I had pointed out that it was required by law for him to have at least five years of magical education" "Then why do I fell like there is more to it than just this?" Flitwick asked with a raised eyebrow "Why does Mr Potter soak up knowledge like a sponge yet has no desire to be here?" "Mr Potter has repeatedly said he would've preferred to have private tutors" McGonagall replied "Maybe his problem is not necessary with learning, maybe he has a problem with our lessons?" Sprout looked at the others questioningly "Hogwarts is the best magical school in the world" McGonagall pointed out "Yes but that doesn't mean that it can't be improved" Flitwick said and looked at Dumbledore, clearly seeking the old man's opinion "Hmm, perhaps" Dumbledore nodded eventually "maybe if Potter thinks we've improved, he may be more willing to give the school a chance. Hmm, perhaps I should have a talk with him later and discuss any problems he may have and note any suggestions he may give" "Well" Harry chuckled as he causally sat in a chair, his mask in one hand and the other was currently in use as Harry was sipping water from a cup "this was a rather productive night." He looked around the room, various Slytherin's found themselves in various positions. Some were crying as different parts of their body from their limbs to their faces were burnt, some had broken bones, others were git with varying curses such as ones that produce vomit or simpler ones that cause various boils to pop up on their face. A lot of them were on the floor, clutching some part of their body in pain. In the corner of the room was a group of Slytherin's that had rather wisely chosen to stay out of the fight. The only first years in the group that Harry recognised was Daphne Greengrass, Tracy Davis and the other boys, both their names escaped him for the moment. Harry yawned and jumped to his feet, tossing the glass at a Slytherin boy who had attempted to get up. The boy fell straight back down after the glass shattered off his forehead. "Now listen up" Harry said "I have been trying for the longest time to convince the headmaster to expel me but the stubborn old goat refuses to do so. If any of you tattle on me, then you had better hope that I get expelled thought that is unlikely. If I don't get expelled then I will express my displeasure for snitches and will bring a new meaning to the phrase 'snitches get stitches'. Now, as this was our first time, I will be nice" Harry waved his hand and all those who had been burnt suddenly felt their burns go away, their skin healed and it looked like they had never been burnt in the first place "you're welcome" Harry gave a short bow "How'd you do that?" Tracy Davis asked curiously before she clamped her hands over her mouth, horror filled her as she remembered she should have kept quiet "Don't worry, I don't hurt people for asking questions" Harry smiled at her "at least not most of the time. As for how I did it, it's a secret" Harry walked over to Malfoy, who was struggling as he crawled desperately trying to reach his wand which was a little way out of his reach but he was stopped by his broken legs. Harry didn't even look at him as he stomped on Malfoy's wand hand, causing the blonde to cry out in pain "like I was sayin. Inform the teachers at the risk of your life, I'm making it clear, for any Slytherin's who will be here for the next five years, those are five years where you're all my bitches" Harry slowly lifted his foot off of Malfoy's hand and calmly walked towards the door. "You...you're not going to hurt us?" Daphne spoke up bravely, looking between Harry and everyone in the corner with her "No, you stayed out of my way, I'll stay out of yours" Harry replied as he shoved his mask into his robes "I will leave you alone" Harry turned to the rest of the Slytherin's "you can all heal yourselves, I didn't do anything beyond the abilities of seventh years to heal. Though if you do need Madam Pomfrey then I'd advise coming up with a story that doesn't involve me, good night" Harry walked out of the common room, a satisfied smirk on his face.
Chapter 7 - "Bloody hell!" Malfoy coughed viciously as he was healed by a seventh year "I can't believe it" A fifth year whispered, though his voice carried throughout the whole room "what the hell was he?" "He was a first year!" One other Slytherin hissed "But he beat us like we were nothing!" "Yeah but he's Harry Potter" A third year replied "he defeated you-know-who as a baby, it makes sense that he is powerful" "He'll pay!" Malfoy growled as he stood up "I will make him pay and..." "You will not do anything" A Slytherin seventh year boy said "I am not having that demon back in this common room just because you can't control your mouth!" "What?!" Malfoy exclaimed "That boy hasn't even finished a year of magical education and he beat us all. He used spells that some of us haven't even learnt yet" A third year said "do you really think it's a good idea to antagonise him?" "My father" Draco began "Is not a healer" A fourth year interrupted before he could get up to speed "what is he going to do if Potter burns your face off? And what can he do? Get Potter expelled? In case you haven't noticed, Potter probably doesn't care about getting expelled if he's willing to attack an entire house. And even if he does, it will still take him some time and Potter will be able to get his revenge before he's kicked out. Nothing you do can help" "But..." Malfoy looked around for support but found none, he growled and stormed off "Harry" Delphi walked up to Harry just before he went up to his room "what did you do?" "What do you mean?" Harry frowned "Harry, I know you well enough to know when you're hiding something, what did you do?" She asked again with a sigh "Wait..." she reached into his robes and tugged on something, Harry's skull mask poked out before Harry quickly shoved it back in "what did you do?" She asked, worried but kept her voice low to prevent others from hearing "Just made it clear I was not to be messed with" Harry shrugged "don't worry, they're all alive" "Harry" Delphi said exasperated "Hey, I let them have their time where they thought they were the top dogs but it was well past time for them to learnt that that I am the apex predator here" "That's not what I'm upset about" Delphi glared at him "What then?" Harry asked, looking very confused "You went without me!" She accused "Oh, I'm sorry" Harry said sincerely "if it makes you feel better, you can come with me next time" "You're going again?" She asked "Yeah, when I was there I noticed something that interested me. I plan to visit there in the future" Harry grinned before walking off "Okay, why the hell am I here?" Harry sighed as he found himself in a meeting with Dumbledore. He was currently in the headmaster's office, Dumbledore sat at his desk with the three head of houses standing besides him. Flitwick stood at the side of the desk to make sure he was seen "To be left alone, it's not that difficult of a request" Harry added with a look to Dumbledore "Mr Potter" Dumbledore began "you have stated previously, on multiple occasions, that you wished to be left alone." "You mean like just now?" Harry interrupted "Yes" Dumbledore sighed "now, we've also noticed that despite your desire to not be here, you still like learning" "That's because I'm not foolish enough to waste resources when I have them" Harry shrugged "you got a library, you've got things I can learn." "We were hoping that perhaps you could make some suggestions to help improve your stay, if they are reasonable and within my power then I shall grant them" "Why would you think I have suggestions?" Harry asked "Mr Potter, you enjoy learning but you clearly don't enjoy your lessons, we want to change the last part" McGonagall said "Fine" Harry said "let's start with transfiguration, while you can teach I find your lessons boring and unchallenging, as for Herbology I don't much care for it. No offense intended, I'm willing to learn about any important plants like how to avoid the killing ones and all but while it's important, I don't have a love for the subject but that is bearable and I can last for the next five years. Potions was ruined because you" Harry pointed at Dumbledore "were incompetent and blind enough to have such an important subject taught by a pitiful, harmful bat that should be neutered and sealed in a cave somewhere off in Madagascar. History is taught by a boring old ghost that is about as interesting as the disasters that Delphi reads and refers to as 'love stories'. "What about my lessons?" Flitwick asked hopefully "My only criticism regarding your and your lessons are the fact that you occasionally seem a bit too enthusiastic and that you're short. But the enthusiasm is an acceptable quality that has admittedly grown on me, as for your height...well I have a burnt face and permanent scars. It would be hypocritical for me to judge" "Thank you" Flitwick grinned "You also seem to be the only teacher who's competent enough to realise when a student isn't being challenged" Harry said while giving McGonagall a look that very clearly said 'yes, I am talking about you' "if you also want to hear my other problems regarding the school then just say so" "Uh...no, thank you Mr Potter" Dumbledore said after a little cough "Ah, I understand, your egos can only take so much" Harry said with a grin "That is it!" McGonagall exclaimed, she had tried to be patient but was now apparently at her limit "I am tired of all your constant disrespect! This is not how I expected the son of Lily and James Potter to behave! Your parents would be ashamed of you" "Like you care about my parents" Harry snorted disbelievingly "How dare you?! I cared very deeply about your parents! How dare you say otherwise! Especially when you've done nothing but act the opposite to both of them! Your father and mother were two of my best students and I cared for them deeply!" "Clearly not enough if you're willing to use their memory against an eleven year old child" Harry calmly replied "me, I wouldn't try to blackmail someone younger than me into behaving by using their dead parents names but maybe that's just because I have different ideas of what's acceptable than you." Harry ended with a shrug, he looked relaxed despite the anger evident in his emerald green eyes. "As for my parents, they died when I was one. I know nothing about them. Were they angels? I doubt it, I certainly don't have wings. Maybe they cut my wings off when I was little, that's how you see me isn't it? I'm just the little burnt, fallen angel aren't I? Or have I been upgraded to 'devil' status? Admittedly I do like burning things. Perhaps I can show you how good I am at that" Harry ended, his voice calm but his eyes blazing The room became tense as the air in the room became thicker, wind began circling the room a faster pace. It stung against the professors like silver spears, meanwhile Harry's eyes gave off the appearance of actually being on fire. McGonagall took a few steps back as did the other heads of houses. "Enough!" Dumbledore ordered, Harry grinned and the wind died down along with the green flames in his eyes, though he still kept his eyes locked on McGonagall who's face had turned undeniably pale "Mr Potter, that is enough" "Is it?" Harry let out a little laugh "I don't know if I emphasised my point enough. You see, I don't pull punches and I think that the lovely little Professor has not fully understood me yet" "The rest of us would disagree" "Fine" Harry stood up and his smile disappeared as he looked at McGonagall the same way an animal looks at it's pray "mention my parents again and I will be very displeased, compare me to them and I will end you and I am not...talking about your career. I understand that you used to have a husband who is no longer with you..." McGonagall gasped "died in the last war didn't he? I bet he'd be ashamed of you for the way you easily use my parents memory whenever it suits you, he'd also probably be ashamed about the fact that you didn't stop Dumbledore from dumping a baby at his hateful relatives in the middle of the cold night right after he lost those previously mentioned parents. You go and have a good think, then when you're done, decide who my parents would really be ashamed of. Me or you? Good day to you all" Harry turned and opened the door, he was about to leave when he stopped, he turned to McGonagall "I don't really know why your animal form is a cat, when you keep acting like such a bitch" Harry walked out before anyone could reply "Minerva?" Dumbledore looked at McGonagall who's face had become a very pale white and she now had a tear dripping down her eyes "I'm sorry Minerva" Sprout said as kindly as she could "but I have to agree with Mr Potter" "Yes" Flitwick agreed, though he didn't seem to be trying to be kind like Sprout "that was out of line. While I may not know James as well as you did, I knew Lily just as good, if not better. And she certainly wouldn't approve of you using her memory against a child that angers you" "Filius, that is enough" Dumbledore said "Is it?" Flitwick challenged "Yes, it is" Dumbledore said, his eyes hardened and without their signature twinkle. Flitwick grunted and walked out of the room, Sprout following. Dumbledore let out a deep sigh as he stood up and conjured a tissue for her and gently lead her to her seat "Minerva?" He asked, only to receive no answer "Minerva? Minerva, please speak to me. Minerva?" "A...Albus...I...I..." Was all McGonagall managed to get out before she burst into tears, Albus gently pulled her into a hug as she sobbed on his shoulders The next day at dinner, Albus sat at the head table, he watched as Harry entered and sat at the Ravenclaw table. He still couldn't believe the way that Harry had talked to Minerva, the poor woman was still so upset that she couldn't teach and her classes were cancelled for the week. Dumbledore realised one thing, Harry Potter certainly didn't pull any punches. McGonagall had offended him, maybe even hurt him with her comment about his parents. He reacted by using his venomous tongue and ripped the woman to shreads. It was like watching a Viper refuse to let go of it's prey. Minerva McGonagall was, in Dumbledore's opinion, a very tough woman. But Harry had managed to do what many wouldn't even believe possible, reduce the woman to tears. McGonagall left that meeting feeling like she had betrayed not only the Potters but also the memory of her husband, the words were worsened by the fact that Harry was the son of two of her favourite students and that she had apparently felt that there was some truth to be found in his words. As Dumbledore kept thinking, he noticed something, it was subtle but he noticed that most of the Slytherin's were actively trying to avoid looking at Harry Potter. Having lived so long and met so many different people, Dumbledore had gained a very useful skill of reading people's faces. If there was even a single thing that revealed their emotions then Dumbledore would be able to pick up on it. The most noticeable thing that Dumbledore saw was fear, throughout all of them. There was also various people with hidden awe, which was quite strange. Dumbledore was glad when one of them glanced at them, this person had no mental shields and Dumbledore quickly read his mind to see the cause behind this. After he was done he nearly jumped out of his seat in shock and horror, he couldn't believe it! After seeing Harry destroy Slytherin house, a great deal of fear rose up in the elderly wizard. Not even Tom was this powerful at his age, some of the spells that Harry used were very advanced and Dumbledore guessed that Bellatrix Lestrange taught them to Harry or he learnt them himself after studying, both seemed like possibility's. Dumbledore found himself in shock as he struggled to process what happened, Harry Potter was vicious. He enjoyed doing what he did, that much was evident. He delighted in the fear he caused, that much was evident. If Dumbledore didn't get a handle on him soon then he risked having an even worse dark lord appear on the scene and he definitely didn't want that. A bird flew towards the desk, holding a red letter. Dumbledore quickly realised that this bird was the raven that Harry owned, Shadow he believed the bird's name was, the bird dropped the letter on Dumbledore's lap and then immediately stole some food from Dumbledore's plate before flying towards Harry and landing in front of him. Dumbledore was a bit surprised to have mail as he usually had it all directed to his office, it was then that he remembered that he had owl wards, designed for owls and not Ravens. The red letter rose into the air, letting Dumbledore know that it was a howler, which was also odd as he hadn't really done anything to warrant a howler. Not recently anyway. The letter opened and formed into the shape of a mouth "Hello Headmaster Dumbledore" The voice of Bellatrix Lestrange echoed throughout the whole hall, she wasn't shouting, her voice was amused if anything "how are you? I just wanted to let you know that I have been searching through the Potter accounts on behalf of Harry, I noticed that there was supposed to be a heirloom that was supposed to be returned to the Potter vault in Gringotts in the event that James and Lily Potter died. I couldn't find it, I believe that James had handed it to you. Perhaps you could be kind enough to give it to Harry as I'd rather not go all the way to Hogwarts just to give Harry he's rightful property. Also, love you Harry, make sure that Delphi behaves. Bye-bye" The letter said before tearing itself into little pieces "You heard the woman" Harry grinned at Dumbledore, meanwhile Delphi slammed her head on the table after her mother had, in her opinion, embarrassed her "I'll expect it by the end of the evening, unless you're planning to keep it from me" Harry added, making it very much look like Dumbledore had stolen something Dumbledore internally swore, this was bad. He had originally planned to give Harry the cloak at Christmas but now, he really didn't want to give it to him. He saw what Harry was capable of and he really didn't want to make things much easier for Harry to get around. The cloak wouldn't allow for any charms to be placed on it either, Dumbledore had special glasses that were capable of viewing magic, so he would be able to find Harry even with the cloak but the others didn't have that luxury. He was tempted to say that James Potter had left him the cloak as a gift but he knew he couldn't, the cloak was a Potter family heirloom and only members of the family could have it, James himself had told Dumbledore that no Potter was able to give it away to someone out of the family. And as a heirloom, Gringotts would be able to check who it belonged to and could call him out for lying. "Meet me after dinner in my office Mr Potter" Dumbledore said in resignation "Thank you sir" Harry smirked before turning back to Delphi who was now sporting a red forehead "Why does it seem like my mother lies you more than me?" Delphi gave him an accusing look "Maybe it's because I'm cute?" Harry guessed "You? Cute?" Delphi snorted "Bitch, I'm adorable" Harry said playfully "I bet McGonagall doesn't think so" Delphi countered, knowing what had happened in that meeting "McGonagall?" Cho asked, she wasn't trying to listen to their conversation but she did hear the Professor's name "Do you guys know what happened to her? She's cancelled classes for a week" Most of the nearby Ravenclaws leaned in to try and hear what had happened to their transfiguration teacher "Oh, she's just upset because Harry called her a bitch" Delphi said casually, and everyone gasped. It was one thing to dislike McGonagall but to insult her, especially with a swear word, was a whole other thing entirely. Many were looking at Harry like he had just slayed a dragon "Thanks" Harry glared at Delphi "You're welcome!" She grinned happily "You called her a bitch?!" Cho repeated in shock as many looked at Harry, waiting for his answer "In all honesty, bitch was one of the nicer things I had said the last time I saw her" Harry answered honestly while Shadow began eating the food that Harry had set aside for him "Why would you do that?!" Another Ravenclaw demanded "Because McGonagall thought it was alright to use the memory of my parents against me just because she didn't like my attitude, I don't know about you but I wouldn't use the memory of two war heroes, who sacrificed their lives so a child could live, just so their child would behave the way that I want. She brought my parents into it and I didn't hold back in telling her how much I disagreed with her doing that." "I'm on your side Harry" Delphi said "she crossed the line by bringing your parents into it just because she didn't like your attitude" "It also pisses me off about how she expects me to be exactly like them when I don't even know what they're like" Harry growled "I'm sorry" Cho said "It's fine" Harry waved her off "I don't remember much of my parents anyway, maybe they are just as perfect as everyone says" "Do you remember anything about your parents?" Marietta asked bluntly "Marietta!" Cho gasped, many Ravenclaws agreed with the sentiment but still listened on "I remember my dad telling my mum to run, my mum refusing to step out of Voldemort's way and then a green light" Harry answered and the Ravens found themselves stunned "so as you can see, it rather pisses me off to hear someone use their names against me." Harry stood up and calmly walked out of the hall A little while later, Harry was in Dumbledore's office with just the headmaster. "Here you are" Dumbledore reluctantly handed Harry the coat "your father had given it to me before he died, I originally intended to send it to you as a Christmas present but I..." "You can stop now" Harry interrupted "we're not in court so you don't have to justify your stealing habits to me" "Mr Potter, I do not steal" Dumbledore frowned "Oh, I'm sorry, this coming from the old guy who had my dad's cloak?" Harry asked sarcastically "And as I told you, I had planned to gift it to you this Christmas when..." "You mean you planned to gift me my own property?" Harry asked in an amused voice "So many things wrong about that, first of all I still count that as stealing because that is ten years where you had my property without my knowledge or consent. Second of all, why should I have had to wait to Christmas for my own property to be returned? Perhaps you could lend me your wand and I'll return it to you on your next birthday? Thirdly, you're giving my own stuff as a gift? If you absolutely must give me a present then at least make it or go out and by it, you're far too rich to be so cheap" Harry turned and began walking out the office "Harry" Dumbledore's voice spoke softly and stopped Harry just after he opened the door "do you really think that your words against Professor McGonagall were necessary?" "I think she should be appreciative that my displeasure was strictly verbal" Harry looked back at Dumbledore "Yes, it's a shame that the Slytherin's weren't given the same treatment" Dumbledore looked at Harry who didn't really react much besides a slight upward curve of his lips "The Slytherin's?" Harry acted innocent "Harry, I know what you did" Dumbledore replied "Ah, did someone tell you?" Harry asked curiously, all pretence was immediately dropped "I have my sources" Dumbledore admitted "What sources?" Harry asked "That does not concern you" "Yes it does" Harry grinned "you see, if someone had told you then that is just someone who will need to be taught to stop spreading things that they shouldn't. However I doubt that, I was very clear. If I had to take a guess, I'd say you used Legilimency on one of them" Harry watched but Dumbledore showed no reaction to the accusation "it would explain where your pet death eater learnt it from. But the point is, you have no proof" "That will be enough Harry, you will attend detention with..." "Nobody" Harry cut him off "because you can't produce any proof about what your claiming, all it would take is me going to the board of governors and arguing against your claim. Unless you want to tell me about your source?" Dumbledore remained quiet, he couldn't very well admit he read the mind of a student to Harry or the board, after what happened with Snape, his reputation would never be able to recover and it would take a lot of effort to avoid Azkaban "Ah well, I had to try. But like I said before Dumbledore, I will not attend detentions. Suspend if you want, expel me if you must but I will not be attending any detentions" "Harry, if you are expelled then your wand will be snapped, you will be forbidden from practising magic" "Maybe in this country" Harry countered "but there are still other places outside of the UK where I can go. France, Canada, America and so many others. You see, you have nothing, nothing to threaten me with. The sooner you realise that, the better" "Harry" Dumbledore said as Harry turned away from him "why did you do it? Why did you attack the Slytherin's?" "Find the biggest bully and punch him in the face" Harry said without looking back "I made it clear that I was not to be messed with, nothing more, nothing less. None of it was personal, enjoyable yes but not personal" "Harry, I fear for you, you are treading along a very dark path. The last boy with the same potential as you that walked the very same path became Lord Voldemort" "Yes well he wanted to do evil shit, I just want to be left alone" Harry replied "something I hope you can understand without me beating it into you" Harry grinned as he walked out the office A.N: Hey guys, hope you liked the story so far. I expect some backlash for this chapter because of Harry's words against McGonagall and I would like to explain myself before someone starts commenting about how Harry went too far 1) First of all, in this story McGonagall is a Dumbledore yes person and as stated in the previous chapters, she has been growing increasingly irritated with Harry so it makes sense that she would snap. 2) This is not the first fanfic that has involved McGonagall using Harry's parents against him, I've seen quite a few where she does that. The main one I can think of off the top of my head would be 'the unforgivable tournament', I forgot the name of the author who wrote that but it's basically one where Harry uses unforgivables to survive the tri-wizard tournament and McGonagall got angry with him and used his parents memory against him. I don't remember her ever doing this in the books, I hope she didn't, but like I've said, she has in a lot of stories and this isn't some idea that I've invented. 3) I really don't like how people always mention Harry's parents. I mean if Harry does something good then people say 'just like his parents' but the second he does something bad they say James and Lily would be ashamed. I think that that would make Harry either try to be an identical copy of his parents or be disappointed by the fact that he's not. I mean, why can't people just like Harry for Harry? Yes his parents were good people but Harry is his own person. 4) Some may think that Harry would never say what he has said. Well canon Harry might not have, my version (who has a burnt face, pet Raven and destroyed Slytherin house in the last chapter while wearing a mask) will. He doesn't pull any punches, he doesn't hold back. He just deals with people the way he sees fit. Slytherin's were being bullies who hurt people so he hurt them even worse, McGonagall tried to hurt him emotionally with his parents memory so he did the exact same with the memory of his parents and her husband. 5) In my description I had told everyone that Harry has no interest in playing a hero, therefore he has no reason to act like a nice and kind hero. I also labelled him as dark/grey, so you shouldn't be surprised if Harry is willing to say horrible things if it means hurting those that he thinks are his enemies. I would currently describe Harry as a grey, leaning into dark. He is not completely evil, he does have some good in him, something I hope to show in the future. Is my Harry evil? Maybe, but he's not completely evil. So that was my defence, I understand that their are McGonagall fans, I am also one, believe it or not (I go back and forth on my opinion of her, depends which fan fic I've read recently). Despite my like for her, I have to try and do different things to improve as a writer instead of always just writing her in a positive light. In all my stories I admit to making Harry very powerful but I at least make some differences between them, such as the reasons for their power and their experiences. I don't plan to spend a lot of the story bashing McGonagall, she will make appearances but I will not have entire chapters dedicated to bashing her or anything like that. I hope you all understand and continue to read the story, like I said I will keep McGonagall bashing to a minimum. I have other stories that don't involve McGonagall bashing if you want to read something without it. That's the end of my little piece. I hope you all continue to read, please feel free to like and leave a review.
Chapter 8 - First meetings The Slytherin's walked into their common room, only to freeze when they saw Harry Potter casually sitting in one of their chairs. They collectively gulped as they recalled what happened the last time Harry had come here. "What are you doing here?!" Malfoy demanded "Waiting for someone" Harry answered, as he slowly looked around the room "Ah, there he is" Harry stood up and walked towards a portrait "What are you on about?" Theodore Nott said "Shush" Harry replied as he walked up to a portrait of Salazar Slytherin, the wizard in the portrait never talked to anyone and he was rarely found in his portrait. In fact he spent most of his time elsewhere, not that anybody knew where. The Slytherin's never really saw more than a few glimpses of him throughout the year. "Salazar Slytherin" Harry stopped in front of the potrait "What makes you think he's going to talk to you?!" Malfoy sneered, any further reply was cut off by the sound of hissing. They blinked as they realised the hissing was coming from Harry and that Salazar looked like he could understand it "He's a parslemouth!" One Slytherin blurted out as the rest paled, realising that this powerful wizard was not only capable of beating them at the age of eleven but he also possessed the great ability that made the dark lord and Salazar Slytherin famous "It is a pleasure to meet you" Harry said in parsletounge "Likewise" Salazar replied in the same language "I saw you...last time I was here. I saw you out of the corner of my eye" "I was watching you" Salazar admitted "I was very impressed. Power, speed, you have it all" "I wanted to ask you something" Harry replied "do you have anywhere special where I can learn more magic?" "Why?" Salazar didn't react beyond a slight raising of his eyebrow "Because Voldemort is still alive and he will come after me sooner or later" Harry replied "I need to be ready for when he comes" "The last boy I helped BECAME Voldemort and he never attacked a whole common room in his first year" Salazar replied "He didn't need to be kept busy so he doesn't get rid of all of his boredom, frustration and anger on the nearest idiots" Harry argued "he was an ass who wanted to rule the world. Me, I just want two things." "And those would be?" "The first is to be left alone so I can have peace and quiet" "And the second?" "To be the best, that way I can protect the few I don't want to leave" Harry said seriously, Salazar remained silent for a few seconds "Your face" He said after a while "does it hurt?" "No, not anymore" Harry shook his head "Can it be healed?" "No, it can't" Harry shook his head again "If you could, would you?" "No" Harry answered immediately "Why not?" Salazar's voice was curious "I hate looking like this" Harry gestured to his face "I hate the judgment, the pity and the fear when they see me. I hate the fact that my face is ingrained into the heads of everyone when I want nothing more to stay in the background and not be noticed. But it helps, it lets me see people for who they are. It brings out the real them, I can see who is scared of me and I can see who isn't. This...is me now. I might get over other people judging me but I wouldn't change it. I am me, I will not be anyone else." The other students watched as both Harry and Salazar became quiet and stared at each other intensely, the Slytherin's were amazed to see the boy-who-lived engaging in a staring contest with one of the Hogwarts founders. "Very well" Salazar sighed, being the first to break eye contact "I will help you, but if you make me regret this...then I will never forgive you" "Thank you" Harry said sincerely, Harry and Salazar continued conversing for another minute or so before Harry gave Salazar a short bow and turned only to be greeted with gobsmacked members of Slytherin house. "What?" Harry challenged and most of them looked away "W...What did he say?" Daphne Greengrass asked nervously "That's between me and him" Harry replied "excuse me" Harry said as he began making his way past, most of the Slytherin's moved out of the way, except for Malfoy "Hold it Potter, what did you and Salazar Slytherin talk about?!" He demanded "None of your business, now move, I won't ask again" Harry replied with a warning in his voice, one that Malfoy didn't hear "Don't talk to me like that! You're going to tell me Potter or I'll..." Harry waved his arm and Malfoy went flying before crashing into a wall "Idiots like that are why Salazar is no longer impressed with his house" Harry added to the Slytherin's before walking out "Ah Mr Potter" Professor Slughorn said as Harry and Delphi arrived in his class. Harry looked at Slughorn, he was the new potions teacher, he was definitely older than Snape. Harry had heard rumours saying that the man was a brilliant teacher who had originally taught Snape and his own mother "I am Professor Horace Slughorn, it's a pleasure to meet you" "Thank you" Harry nodded, he wouldn't return the compliment until he was sure that the man deserved it. "You are very welcome, I know this is unusual but could you see me after class? I have something I want to talk to you about" Slughorn asked hopefully "Fine" Harry sighed, deciding to just deal with it now instead of later "Thank you" Slughorn smiled and soon the class started. The students were all rather pleased with Slughorns lesson, the man seemed to take a joy in teaching. He didn't discriminate between others, he'd gladly helped and unlike Snape he was intelligent enough to teach the potions safety and basics first before even suggesting they start on potions that could explode. Harry was rather pleased that the man was a competent teacher who could actually teach. At the end of the lesson Delphi walked outside and waited for Harry as he walked towards Slughorn. "You wanted to talk to me sir?" Harry said "Yes, there are a few things I wanted to talk to you about" Slughorn nodded "Firstly I am sorry about that incident you had with Severus Snape, I used to teach him. He was never who I intended to take over. That was actually your mother, she was my best student and taken away long before she deserved." "Thank you" Harry nodded appreciatively "The second thing I wanted to talk about is...well, if you don't mind, I'd like to be a bit blunt" "I'd encourage it if anything" Harry replied "it's much simpler for me than listening to people dance around subjects" "Yes, well firstly, I know you're likely tired of this but I wanted to ask about your face. Firstly, does it hurt? Because if it does then I can supply pain relief potions" "No, it's fine" Harry said "If you're sure, secondly I wanted to admit that I've not much experience with this sort of thing, therefore I'd like to ask you what you would prefer. Is this something you don't mind discussing? Do you wish me to ignore it and never speak of it? Each person is different and I really would rather hear your thoughts on it" "I can forgive an occasional mention like once every few months but it's not something I'd like to hear everyday" Harry replied "Very well, the last thing I wanted to talk to you about was your mother and your class performance" Slughorn let out a short sigh "your mother was one of the best students I've ever had the pleasure of teaching. A muggleborn she might have been in the eyes of the uneducated but for those who knew her, she was not only a brilliant person but someone you would be delighted to call your friend. Her intelligence made Ravenclaw's envious, I am not expecting you to live up to her and become exactly like her. However, all I do request is that you try your best in class. I've talked with Professor Flitwick and he recommended me to see how well you do and if I feel you are doing suitably then I should promote you to harder and more advanced work. Will that interest you?" "Yes" Harry barely managed to keep the shock off of his face "thank you sir" he added sincerely "You are very welcome, now off you go" Slughorn gestured to the door "Bye sir" Harry gave him a short nod before walking out "what did he say?" Delphi asked "Well...I don't dislike him" Harry admitted before walking off "Are we there yet?" Delphi asked as they sat on the Hogwarts express, Harry and her had both chosen to leave Hogwarts for Christmas "Dell" Harry said as he turned a page on his book while Shadow rested on his shoulder "you've asked me that twice already, do it a third time and Shadow will build a nest in your hair" "But I'm bored" Delphi whined "Read a book" Harry suggested as he read his own "Books are boring and you keep looking at me like I'm an idiot every time I read my story books" "Really? We're counting those wasted pieces of paper as books?" Harry looked at her with mild disbelief "What do you mean?!" Delphi demanded "I mean they're horrible, if a book is not supposed to be educational then it should at the very least be entertaining. The books you read fail at both" "Just because you can't appreciate good romance" Delphi huffed and crossed her arms "I'd appreciate something written by someone who's competent" Harry countered "and if you can't read a book then do something else" "Like what?" Delphi asked "I don't know" Harry sighed "get on the floor and do push ups" "No" "Then get on the floor and do sit ups" "No" "Draw something" "I don't have anything to do that with" "Look out the window and appreciate the scenery" "That got boring an hour ago" "Just close your eyes and day dream about something" "Like what?" "How am I supposed to know? They're your damn dreams" "Oh, hi guys" Fay opened the compartment door "Fay!" Delphi squealed and jumped up, pulling the girl into a hug "Are you sitting with someone?" "Not really" Fay said "Then you're sitting with us" Delphi declared "I am bored and I need someone to talk to" "Oh but I..." Fay was about to object when Harry interrupted "Don't bother arguing" He said as he turned the page on his book "she'll get what she wants one way or another. Now please go and get your things, come back and settle here. If you don't then I'll either have to get them or we'll both go to your compartment and I don't have the required effort for either of those options" "Fine" Fay agreed "I'll get my stuff and I'll be back" "Glad I have someone to talk to" Delphi sat down, giving Harry a pointed look "You already had someone else to talk to" Harry responded "Who?" Delphi blinked "Shadow isn't on my shoulder for decoration" Harry replied "Yes but unlike you I can't understand Shadow, no offence Shadow" She added the last part to the bird who seemed to be trying to channel Harry as he seemed rather unbothered "True, but surely you have more friends than me and Fay. What about that Ginger girl?" "You mean Hermione 'Granger'?" Delphi asked "Well I think she wanted to be friends but I told her that I would be hanging out with you a lot, she said she'd eventually try and talk to you but evidently she hasn't done that yet. I don't know how Fay feels about her" "Feels about who?" Fay asked as she returned with all of her stuff "Hermione" Delphi answered "Oh...well...she's alright" Fay said slowly while putting her stuff away, her hesitation was a rather big indicator that Hermione Granger was not actually 'alright' "Define 'alright'" Harry ordered without looking away from his book "and do it honestly or I'll hit you with my shoe" "I mean, she's smart and all but she's not exactly the easiest person to get along with. After the troll incident me and a few other Gryffindor's tried getting along with her, we really did. But she has this problem of criticising us whenever we do anything she doesn't like or if we do it differently even if it works. Like she just wants us to spend all of our time studying, now that might work for her but she doesn't understand that it doesn't work for us. I mean whenever someone talks about quidditch or make up or something like that then she looks at us like we're idiots. She'll scoff, say it's a waste of time and tell us to study" "She can't be that bad" Delphi said "Oh yeah?" Fay raised an eyebrow "last month a few Gryffindor boys were doing their homework, they had finished and was about to put it away. I was nearly done too. Hermione saw us, she snatched the boys homework without asking so she could see how well they did and then did the same with me. She then basically demanded that we copy out her work as it was obviously much better. I mean, I know she's smarter than us but she doesn't have to keep looking at us like we're dumb and ordering us about. We've all been trying, we really have but she just isn't changing. Some of the girls even told her to her face what the problem was but she got emotional halfway through and ran off, she came back later and the next day she goes back to exactly before, it's like she's hoping to prove us wrong or something. I really don't know what to do to her" "Punch her in the face" Harry suggested "Harry, don't suggest stupid things" Delphi said "Punch her in the face twice" Harry amended "add a kick for good luck" "That's not better" Delphi glared at him "Well" Harry shrugged "I tried" "Yeah, very helpful" Fay said sarcastically "Look" Harry sighed in annoyance "she'll either grow up and realise that other people are different to her or she'll be left alone. You can only do so much, you've tried and if she'd not going to do the same then stop wasting your time. I mean look at me, I despise social activity yet here I am attempting to help you with your problems. Tell her to compromise and stop acting like everyone else is below her or tell her to shove off, it's really rather simple" "That...is...rather simple" Fay reluctantly admitted "but we don't want to hurt her feelings" "With what you're describing, I can predict that they're going to get hurt sooner or later" Harry turned the book page again "either put up with her behaviour for the next seven years or make things clear now and work from there. If you do the first then sooner or later someone's going to hit their breaking point, if you do the second then she'll be more understanding and less bossy or she can enjoy life with just books for company" "A little hypocritical, don't you think?" Delphi gestured to Harry who was still looking at his book "Nope" Harry said "I have a raven, that gives me a friend and makes me a lot more cooler than her. Besides I look like I've been attacked by a dragon AND have social issues, if I can make a friend then she doesn't have much of an excuse." Soon they arrived at the train station, Harry reluctantly left his mask in his trunk. He and Delphi said their goodbyes to Fay before walking out. Harry had chosen to wear a black hoodie with the hood up, to cover as much of his face as he could. They got out when they were greeted by Bellatrix Lestrange and Kreatcher the house elf. Kreatcher was quite an old elf but he was still very capable of working, he held Bellatrix, Harry and Delphi in high regard. Bellatrix had a very thin face along with pale skin, her hair was black, curly and shoulder length. She stood whilst wearing a black jacket that covered most of her buddy but still allowed people to be able to see her black high heels. "Harry! Delphi!" She smiled as she pulled them both into hugs "Hi mum!" Delphi hugged her back while Harry responded with a one armed hug while Shadow flew up and landed on Kreatcher to avoid being crushed "Look at you both, you've grown" Bellatrix happily noted "oh and Harry, no mask?" "Had to take it off sooner or later" Harry tried to act casual even though he had his head kept down and his shoulders slumped as his hands were in his pockets "Well" Bellatrix said "Kreatcher will take your things back to my house. We'll go there and then we'll take our portkey in an hour" "You still haven't told us where we're going" Delphi complained "It's a surprise" Bellatrix smiled "so don't think you're going to find out, now grab my hands and follow me to the apparition point" A little while later the trio had been portkeyed into what appeared to be a Gringotts bank. Though Harry immediately noticed that it wasn't an English bank. "I have to go and thank the Goblins for letting us portkey here" Bellatrix said "just go and wait outside" She told the kids "I'll be with you soon, stay by the doors and don't go anywhere till I'm out" "Okay mum" Delphi nodded, she and Harry walked out and stopped outside. They were in a market place, much like Diagon alley except this one was cleaner. The buildings looked more impressive and didn't look like they were going to fall over. The people weren't as ugly and everything seemed more organised than the mess that was Diagon alley. Overall Harry liked it. "EW!" A voice exclaimed, Delphi and Harry found a small girl a short distance away pointing at Harry's face "Mama! Papa!" She called and her parents came over and the girl pointed at Harry again, the parents looked at the direction of her fingers and suddenly became very uncomfortable, as evidenced by their short whispering and hurry in taking the girl away. Delphi was tempted to go and give them a piece of her mind, she looked towards Harry and her heart broke when she saw that he had turned away and was trying not to look in the direction of the incident. His head was lowered as if he was trying to hide from the world. "Harry" She said softly "Let it go Dell" Harry replied, equally as soft "Harry, that's not fair. You shouldn't be judged for something that's not you fault" "She was just a kid" Harry shrugged "But her parents weren't" Delphi argued "they didn't tell her off or apologise or do anything" "They pulled their child away from an uncomfortable situation and a potential danger" Harry said "there are worse ways to look after your kids" "That doesn't mean it was nice!" "What wasn't nice?" Bellatrix asked as she came out "Some girl looked at Harry and screamed" Delphi said before Harry could reply "her parents didn't say anything, they just looked at Harry and left" "It's done, might as well stop complaining" Harry replied "Harry" Bellatrix sighed "as the woman who is currently supposed to be the dark lord's right hand woman who managed to avoid justice, I like to think that I understand what you're going through or at least better than most. I'm going to make you talk about it but if you ever want to then I am here" "Thank you" Harry said quietly, Bellatrix patted his shoulder and gave him a one armed hug before walking off with the two children following "Harry, how come you didn't bring Shadow?" Bellatrix asked, hoping to lighten the atmosphere, plus it was a valid question as Harry rarely went anywhere without the bird "He didn't want to come on a portkey, so he's flying here. Should be here by sometime tomorrow as he will probably be spending some time eating and sight seeing" Harry answered "Okay. So, are you two excited about spending your Christmas in France?" Bellatrix asked "Hold on a sec, did you say France?!" Delphi asked as she looked around "Oh yeah, hadn't told you yet" Bellatrix smiled sheepishly "We're in France by the way" Harry added to Delphi who glared at Harry and shoved him. She ended up shoving him a little too hard as Harry ended up going a few steps sideways and someone ended up running into him. He and that person fell to the floor and ended up landing right next to Harry who barely heard Bellatrix scolding Delphi for pushing him. Harry was about to get up when he heard a gasp, he tensed and moved his head, trying not to look at the person. She was walking, with her family, enjoying her time away from school. She and her parents were shopping, her father holding her little sister in his arms while her mother had placed herself in charge of the shopping. She had to admit that her mother knew what she was doing, at least much more than her father. She loved her dad but he was rather miserable at choosing clothes. Her mother and just told her that they were going to an ice cream store, admittedly that may have been what caused her to walk faster than normal. It was then that she crashed into someone and fell to the floor, she had just gotten up and was about to apologise to the boy. When she gasped, the boy was wearing muggle clothes which included a black hoodie that he was using to try and cover us his face. She was very shocked to see that the boy had a burnt face along with claw marks across his face. But that wasn't what made her gasp. As he moved her hand brushed against his own, she felt a tingle, the same tingle her mother had always described when she talked about meeting her father. This tingle was something she didn't expect, perhaps later when she was older but not now. Her gasp came from realising what happened and what that tingle meant. "Sorry" The boy's voice came, it was low and quiet, it also told her that the boy was English. That made things difficult as she hadn't learnt much English yet. "It's fine" She got out, hoping her English was good enough "what...name?" She asked, once again hoping he understood her "Harry" He grunted as he stood up, he seemed to be arguing with himself for a few seconds, before he extended a hand and helped her up. His face surprised her, it was one that told her he expected rejection, judgement and she could tell that his offer was reluctantly. She wanted to feel a bit hurt but she guessed that the boy had probably suffered enough judgment from others thanks to his face "Merci beaucoup" She thanked him as she took his hand and stood up as her parents arrived, she took the opportunity to introduce herself, it would've gone a lot better if she was more confident with her English "I...am...Fleur Delacour"
A.N: Italics French Chapter 9 - "Fleur" The girl's parents said as they arrived, the mother holding the hand of a five year old girl, and they immediately began conversing in French "Are you hurt?" The mother asked "No Mama" Fleur shook her head "I fell and this English boy helped me up" She gestured to Harry, though she shyly looked away when he looked back at her. Unfortunately Harry thought she looked away because of his face, meanwhile her father had a different idea "Fleur, he didn't hurt you did he?" The father asked, a slight growl in his voice "because if he did..." "Then what?" Harry interrupted as he spoke in French, surprising the rest as they didn't know he spoke French "You speak French?" The Father asked in English "Yes, so if you're going to insult and threaten me then I advise you to..." "Harry" Bellatrix cut him off, she then turned to the parents "hello Jacques, I'm glad you got my message and met us here" She said to the father "Ah, Bellatrix" Jacques nodded "Harry, Delphi, this is Jacques and Appolline Delacour. We're going to be staying in their house for the holidays" Bellatrix said to Harry and Delphi "Well...that's made this encounter rather awkward then" Delphi whispered to Harry "We were just looking for you" Bellatrix said to the Delacour's "the girl is my daughter Delphi, her friend is Harry Potter" "The Harry Potter?" Jacques raised an eyebrow "Is that a problem?" Harry asked in a bland tone "I'm sorry about him" Delphi said to Delacours "he's usually much better behaved but he's been a bit grumpy recently. Not had much sleep either" "Tell me Delphi, do you think that I can't hurt you or that I won't?" Harry asked the girl "There is a correct answer to that question, and I'd advise you to not say anything until you realise what the answer is" "This is my youngest daughter, Gabrielle" Jacques had decided to ignore Harry and Delphi and introduce the rest of his family "and this is my oldest, Fleur" "Hello" Fleur greeted them before turning to Harry "I didn't know you spoke French" "We just met, I'm not surprised" Harry countered "Why did you learn French?" She asked curiously "In case I ever decided to move out of England permanently, I would've liked to be able to go to a country where I understand people. France was one of the choices so I decided to learn French, I am fluent in it now and I am currently deciding on the next language I want to learn." "You like studying?" She asked "I don't dislike it" Harry shrugged "What are you two talking about?" Delphi asked "She wants to know if she can cut off all your hair and use it for a potion, apparently it's just the right shade of blonde" Harry lied and Delphi jumped back and grabbed her hair protectively, Fleur and Gabrielle looked towards their parents and asked what he had just said and their parents began explaining. "Relax Del" Bellatrix said to Delphi as the girls began giggling "Harry was lying, they didn't say that" "Not this time" Harry muttered just as Delphi slapped him on the shoulder "you know you're far more likely to get a boyfriend if you were less violent" "Shut up!" She hissed "Perhaps we should go?" Appolline suggested "Yes, let's go" Bellatrix nodded "I have a portkey, grab on" Jacques said as he pulled out a silver pipe from his pocket which likely had an extension charm, the adults all grabbed onto the pipe. Gabrielle held onto her mother while Delphi did the same with her own mother. Harry removed his right hand from his hoodie pockets but before he could do anything, he felt another hand force it's way into his own. He looked at Fleur with mild surprise, but she was looking at her parents and grabbed onto her mother. A second later they were all pulled away and landed in their destination, Harry looked up to find a beautiful and massive white manor in front of him. The place screamed rich. "Follow me" Jacques said and walked towards the house with everyone following. Harry tugged Fleur's hand and gave a small grunt, she looked at him questioningly, he gestured to his hand which was currently being held by her. She blushed and immediately let go of the hand, almost like it burnt her. Harry turned his focus forwards and didn't see the rest of Fleur's reaction. Once they entered Harry saw the inside of the manor and it looked even more impressive than the outside. It was as clean as can be and screamed rich louder than a howler monkey with a microphone standing next to you while rapping. "Do you like it?" Bellatrix asked "It's brilliant!" Delphi exclaimed as she looked around the place with wide eyes "Hmm...I like it" Harry said after a while, he then translated his opinion to the Delacours and he couldn't help but notice that the eldest child looked rather happy. The youngest one then looked at him before tugging on her sister "What happened to his face?" She gestured to Harry "Gabrielle!" Fleur exclaimed in shock "You can't ask that! That is rude and..." "It's fine" Harry cut her off "she's young" He said as he placed his hands back in his hoodie pockets and suddenly began looking around and taking a huge interest in his surroundings. 'She's just a kid' He thought to himself 'just a kid, just a kid. Don't burn. Just a kid.' "Does this place have any house elves?" Harry asked "Yes, we have quite a few" Jacques nodded "Good, where are we staying here?" Harry asked "We'll have an elf escort you to your room, Dinky" Appolline called for an elf to appear. An elf appeared, dressed in a black suit "take the guests to their rooms" "Yes mistress" The elf nodded, he also had a French accent "Follow me" It turned and the group followed, apart from the Delacour's "This be your bedroom mistresses" The elf, Dinky, pointed at one room "young master be staying in other room" the elf pointed at a different room "Go rest" Bellatrix said to the kids "we'll be having dinner with the Delacour's later, maybe Harry can play with Fleur" She grinned and walked into her room "I think Fleur would like to spend more time with you" Delphi gave her own grin "Tell me Delphi, have you heard of this new hairstyle? It's called the burnt look" Harry gave off a rather threatening glare that caused Delphi to squeak and rush back into her room. "Fleur" Appolline asked her daughter after the guests went upstairs "are you okay? I noticed you seemed to be interested in the English boy " "Mother, his name's Harry" Fleur said, her demeanour then immediately turned into a happy one "and when I touched him I felt a tingle" "What?" Her mother gasped "THE tingle?" "Yes mama!" Fleur nodded happily "What is it?" Jacques asked "Ah, you see when a veela meets her destined mate, her magic will react" Appoline explained "You never told me about your magic reacting when we met" Jacques frowned "Or do you still have a destined mate out there?" "Not all Veela have a destined mate, it is actually a rather uncommon thing. Besides, the Veela must meet their mate before they become adults. For example if Fleur had met her mate at twenty years old then she wouldn't know as there wouldn't be a bond but if she met him at ten then she would as the bond could still form. Luckily Fleur has met her mate" "Wait? That boy?" He gestured to where Harry had left "What is wrong with him?!" Fleur demanded angrily "Nothing!" Jacques quickly jumped back in shock at the sudden change in his daughter "It's just...well, with his face and..." "There is nothing wrong with his face!" "I'm not saying there is, just that he looks different from what I expected of my future son-in-law. Besides, I don't think he likes me" "That's because you were about to threaten him" Fleur crossed her arms and glared at her father "Jacques, quit while you're ahead" Appoline said "in Fleur's eyes Harry is the perfect man and nothing anyone does will ever change that" "What do you mean?" Jacques turned to his wife "The reason that this phenomenon is uncommon is because adult veelas usually try to stop it from happening. When the veela bonds with her mate she essentially becomes devoted to him" "You mean like a slave?!" Jacques exclaimed "In a sense" Appoline said slowly "but that never happens" she added quickly when she noticed her husband looked like he was about to blow up "the magic is careful with who it choses and it has chosen him for a reason." "Is...my daughter a slave?" Jacques asked as calmly as he could possibly force himself to be "She'll be as devoted as one and she'll feel like her life evolves around him, but being a slave depends on the boy. However..." She added before Jacques could interrupt "like I said, I doubt the boy will treat her horribly because her magic has chosen him" "He'd better not" Jacques growled "Father!" It was now Fleur who growled "You will not threaten him!" "No, he will not" Appolline said before her husband could respond "Hmm" Fleur sniffed "I'm going to go see if they need help" She walked away "Darling, tell me more about this bond" Jacques said to his wife "I mean I don't understand how you are okay with it" "It's simple, Veela often kept their children close in the hopes of preventing any bonds from happening. But in the past some Veela have attempted to keep their children away from their mates after the bond has formed, and let's say that the results were not always pretty" Harry was currently sat on the bed in his room, or at least the one he'd be staying in for the holidays. He doesn't really know why but it was clear that Bellatrix had some reason for being here. His thought process was disturbed by a knock on his door "Come in" He called and a second later Fleur walked in "can I help you?" he asked "Hello" She spoke in French "I just wanted to ask if you needed anything?" "No, not at the moment" Harry shook his head "Also, I want to apologise for my younger sister's behaviour, it was very rude of her to..." "It's fine" Harry cut her off "she's just a kid, it'd be childish of me to angry at her when adults do the same" "They do not!" She gasped in disbelief "How could they be so rude?!" "The world's a very big place princess, that means lots of different people" Harry said "I suppose" She mumbled before she shook her head and turned to Harry "I was wondering if I could ask you for a favour?" "What favour?" He asked, not sure about what the girl wanted "I was wondering if perhaps you could help teach me how to speak English?" "Why?" He asked "Well" She was tempted to say 'so I could talk with you and spend more time with you' "it would help me get a job in the future and I have always wanted to learn another language" "Fine" Harry nodded after several seconds "but in exchange I want access to your library" "Library?" She blinked "Yes, judging by the size and state of this house I can tell that your family is very rich and possibly a very old family, that means it's likely for you to have a library. I will teach you English in exchange for being allowed to use the library" "Of course" She nodded "I will have to ask papa and mama but I'm sure I can get you permission" "Excellent" Harry nodded "how about we start our first lesson after dinner?" "Yes" She nodded, holding back a smile "I will see you then" She turned and walked out of his room 'nailed it' she mentally praised herself. Once she had left Harry had locked the door with a few wandless charms, fortunately the British ministry couldn't track him in other countries and even if they could he didn't have to worry about them or the French one as his wand didn't have the trace. He waved his wand, causing some white boxing tape to wrap around each hand. He made himself a punching bag and got to work after he put up a silencing spell, though he was careful enough to put up one that allowed him to still hear the outside world but not let them here him. It was about an hour later when Harry heard Bellatrix call and tell him to get ready for dinner.
Chapter 10 - The next few days at the Delacour house were a bit odd in Harry's opinion. Harry wasn't one to brag but he was intelligent and observational, he observed the people he was staying with but he still wasn't very sure about the,. Harry could understand the father, he was simple enough. He was disturbed by Harry's face and clearly didn't want him spending too much time with his daughters. The looks that he sent and tried to hide were what gave it away. Then there was the youngest girl, a child with a childlike curiosity, she usually looked at him with confusion. It appeared like she couldn't quite understand why Harry looked the way he did. Again, that like her father was understandable. The mother wasn't as simple as her husband, Harry got the sense that she seemed much accepting of Harry and appeared to be trying to mother him. She would always offer him food or drinks or do little things like asking if he was alright or checking up on him every few hours. He wasn't sure what he did to warrant such care but until he figured it out he would remain polite. The eldest daughter was the centre of Harry's confusion, the girl was...for lack of a better term, weird. She always seemed unrealistically happy when he saw her, she would spend as much time with him as possible though she seemed to be worrying about bothering him by spending too much time with him. On the one hand, yes she was bothering him, but on the other she was at least smart enough to realise it or at least consider it. Putting her higher in Harry's opinion then the majority of Hogwarts. Shadow had returned the second day of Harry's stay at the Delacour's, Harry expected them to look at him like he was weird because he owned a Raven. He wasn't sure why but apparently that was weird according to normal people. Anyway, the dad did look at him like he was weird. The youngest girl seemed to not understand why he had a raven instead of an owl, the mother looked surprise but Fleur's reaction was what had surprised him. After seeing Shadow land on his shoulder she just smiled and asked if she could touch him, Shadow had seemed to approve of her after that. Harry briefly considered that this was like one of those crappy romance stories that Delphi liked, 'nah, what would she want with someone like me?' "So Harry, Delphi, tell us about your school" Appoline said one evening during dinner, she had chosen to speak in English to benefit Delphi who couldn't understand French. Harry translated Appolline's request to Fleur who sat next to him. Harry had also reluctantly not worn a hood or mask today. "Well, I think it's fun" Delphi smiled "the people are nice and the classes are interesting" "And you Harry?" Appolline asked Harry in French "I don't like it" Harry said simply as he continued eating "Why not?" Appolline frowned whilst Fleur and everyone else paid close attention, Bellatrix had began translating for Delphi "As of the moment I like only two teachers, the rest I have no feelings about or consider them idiots." "Surely it can't be that bad" Jacques said "In my first potions class the potions master, who was a death eater by the way, immediately began insulting my father then tried to mind rape me in front of the whole class" "He what?!" Fleur's outburst beat her parents by a millisecond, Gabrielle was just shocked by her family's reactions as she didn't really understand what mind rape is "The headmaster then tried to tell me off for attacking him" Harry added "I believe that if a complaint hadn't been made to law enforcement then the idiot would've continued teaching, fortunately he is now in an Azkaban cell. In my history subject, the lesson is taught by a ghost who does nothing beyond repeating the same lecture. Defence against the dark arts is ruined because the teacher is a stuttering mess that jumps at his own shadow. Transfigurations was acceptable at the start as the teacher seemed to know what she was doing, however she refused to give me more challenging work and the last time I saw her she tried to blackmail me into behaving by using the names of my dead parents" "How dare she?!" Fleur said outraged at what she was hearing "You should leave this school! You should come to my school, our teachers are far more professional" "I can't" Harry sighed "apparently I must spend at least five years in the school. I've done some research and it appears that all British magical children are required to spend at least five years at Hogwarts, so unless I permanently move to this country I won't be able to transfer" "Fleur" Jacques said when he saw his daughter open her mouth, he thought it was probably best to stop her before she starts begging the boy to live in France permanently "so Mr Potter, you said you must spend five years there?" "Yes, until the OWL exams are completed, once that is done I intend to leave that school permanently and if necessary hire private tutors" Harry replied "So..um, what are your favourite subjects?" Jacques asked, hoping to change the atmosphere to a more cheerful one "I have a talent for most subjects besides herbology, though if I had to chose it would be charms and potions at the moment. However I think I'd probably enjoy defence against the dark arts more if the teacher could stop stuttering." Harry answered honestly "Fleur is quite talented in charms" Appolline said "Yes, I am the best in my class" Fleur said proudly "Likewise" Harry nodded "you do seem quite intelligent, you're English is improving quickly. Admittedly I was rather worried I'd be teaching someone without much brains but I will admit that you proved me wrong" "Uh...thank you" Fleur turned blood red "excuse me" She said, standing up and leaving the room rather quickly "Did I say something offensive?" Harry asked Bellatrix with a confused look "Oh don't worry" She smirked "it's nothing important" Meanwhile Fleur had gone up to her room and closed the door, she rushed to her bed and grabbed the nearest pillow and held it tightly as she squealed with happiness, the pillow muffling her sound. To say she was happy was quite an understatement, her mate has called her intelligent! She had impressed him! Though she was also very angry, how dare the teachers at that British school treat Harry as anything less than a king! She was tempted to go over there and hex the lot of them, but she knew that would likely not be allowed or appreciated. She was overreacting enough as it is. She decided for now to focus on the fact that Harry was impressed with her! Oh, she couldn't let this stop. When she returned to school she would study hard and become a charms prodigy, that way she would impress him. Oh, but what if she became too good and he got jealous? She couldn't have that either, she knew that many in her year were already jealous of her for her school achievements and many had claimed that she had somehow used her veela powers to achieve what she had. Fools. Anyway, she should probably just continue as she is, making sure that she stays on the top and in the future she could dumb herself down for him, unless he was okay with it, because if he was then she would dazzle him with her brilliance. "You know something" Delphi said to Harry as they talked later that evening "I think Fleur likes you" "I doubt it" Harry doubted it "she's a good looking French blonde and I'm an anti-social burnt freak, she's smarter than that" "Hey Harry, you're a nice guy. I mean me and Fay like you" "Yes and Fleur is smarter than both of you" Harry's response was responded to with a slap on the arm "also less violent" He added "Shut it" Delphi said "but what if she does like you?" "I'm eleven plus we live in different countries, she had plenty of time to get over it" Harry replied "and on the off chance that she does like you then today would forever be marked as the day you finally got something right" "Hey!" Delphi exclaimed "Love you Delphi" Harry said as he tapped her nose and walked off "Prat!" She called "Love you more" Harry called back A week before Christmas the trio had to leave so they could return to England, apparently Bellatrix was satisfied with the amount of time spent in France and had done whatever it was that she wanted to do here. Harry would admit that he had fun touring France with the Delacours, the sights were beautiful and he had to admit that it had an elegance the Britain didn't have. He couldn't speak for all of France but the parts that he went to were very mesmerising. "Well, this is it" Bellatrix said to the adult Delacour's as they were about to leave "I want to thank you so much for having us" "Oh, it is a pleasure" Appolline waved her off "are you sure you don't want to stay until Christmas?" "Yes, but we appreciate the offer" Bellatrix replied "we've left some Christmas gifts for you, I hope you all like it." "Bye guys" Delphi waved at them all "Harry" Gabrielle began tugging on his leg "I'm sorry about saying mean things about your face" "It's fine, you're forgiven" Harry replied and the small girl beamed before wrapping her arms around Harry and giving him a hug "You won't be forgiven if you break my bones" he added and she let go but continued smiling "Harry" Fleur spoke next, her voice was soft "I will m...miss you" she said, doing her best to speak in English "You too, I hope you keep practising your English, you're getting very good at it" "Thank you" She beamed for a second before her face fell slightly "I will miss you" Fleur said, feeling more comfortable as she spoke in French "I've really enjoyed having you around here for the last few weeks. If it's not too much trouble...could we write to each other?" She asked the last part hopefully "I see no reason why not" Harry shrugged "Thank you!" Fleur said as she hugged Harry with surprising quickness "I'll miss you, visit whenever you want" She kissed him on the cheek, which shocked Harry. He was even more shocked when he realised that she kissed the burnt part of his face and didn't seem remotely uncomfortable "Right...thank you" Harry said after she let go, not quite knowing what else to say "Okay" Bellatrix said with barely restrained laughter "let's go" She said goodbye once more before she led the two children away "Ha, looks like I was right!" Delphi said smugly once they war far enough away from the Delacour house "Fleur has a crush on you!" "Yes, well miracles are known to happen" Harry replied "I'm guessing this was your one moment of intelligence for the year" "Just upset because I was right" Delphi said in a singsong voice "You've brought this on yourself" Harry said as he removed his wand "Harry" Bellatrix said as Delphi jumped back "please let it slide this one time" "Fine" Harry sighed as he put his wand away "but if she proceeds to annoy me again then I will make her bald" "Fair enough" Bellatrix replied "What do you mean fair enough?!" Delphi hissed "That's my hair!" "And it'll be fine as long as you keep your mouth shut" Bellatrix replied "now we're out of the Delacour wards now, so grab on to the return portkey" She said as she held out a small metal pipe, Harry and Delphi grabbed onto it and found themselves being portkeyed back to England "I miss him already" Fleur sighed, a depressed look on her face "It'll be fine flower, you can still write to him" Appolline rubbed her daughters back "besides, you only need to wait for a few more years and then you can go and see him whenever you like" "Really Mama?" She looked at her mother with clear hope "Yes, really" She nodded and was glad to see her daughters face break into a massive smile Harry and Delphi found themselves on the Hogwarts express again, the holidays were over and that meant returning to school. The two were in their own compartment, Harry was doing what Harry usually does and sat peacefully as he read one of the books that he had got from Bellatrix. Delphi was sat opposite to him and was drawing Harry as he sat and read. She had gotten a lovely art set for Christmas and found that she was rather talented in the subject. "Hey guys" Fay said as she opened the door of the compartment "can I come and sit here?" "I don't mind" Harry said "Huh? Sure" Delphi said distractedly "Okay, what's up now?" Fay asked as she put her things overhead and sat down "Fay's got a drawing set for Christmas and now I am an unwilling participant for her. Fortunately all she wants is for me to stay still and as I'm currently reading I have no objection" "Okay" Fay said as she looked at Delphi's drawing "wow, Delph, that's pretty good" "Thanks" Delphi smiled "Harry, I'm done, do you want to see it?" "Why do I get the feeling that my answer doesn't matter?" Harry asked as he looked up, a second later the drawing was shoved in front of him "Well?!" She asked excitedly "It's good" Harry sighed "I am actually pretty impressed" "Awesome! I'm going to be a famous artist!" Delphi grinned as she pulled it back and examined her art "Like Leonardo da Vinci" "You sure about that?" Harry asked as he returned his attention to his book "He was a genius and it took him like twelve years to finish the Mona Lisa, how long would it take you?" "Ignore him" Fay said to Delphi "you'd be great" "Thank you, it's nice to have support" Delphi said as she sent Harry a glare, which wasn't really effective as he wasn't looking at her "So, what did you guys do over the holidays?" Fay asked "I had went to Spain with my family" "We stayed in France until a week before Christmas, Harry also got a girlfriend" Delphi added the last part with a grin "What?!" Fay blurted as she turned at Harry who idly turned a page "She's not my girlfriend" Harry said in a bored tone "Then why are you writing to her?" Delphi asked with the same grin "Because she asked if we could write to each other and I said 'I see no reason why not'." "He's totally in love with her" Delphi said to Fay "Del, for the last few days you have been under the protection of your mother so I can understand why you've gotten cocky. However your mother isn't here right now, so unless you'd like a plaque with the words 'Here died an idiot' to be placed on that seat you're sitting on, I'd advise shutting up" "Shutting up now" Delphi raised her hands in surrender A.N: Hi guys, just a quick note for you all. This chapter was originally going to be longer but I have things I need to do so I've shortened it and rushed it a little. Though the next chapter will have Harry's first 'on screen' meeting with the twins. Look forward to that but before that I will release another chapter of Raven and a chapter of the lightning child will be either before or after that, I haven't decided yet. Thanks for reading and feel free to leave a review
Chapter 11 - The rest of the school year passed by relatively quickly in Harry's opinion. Flitwick and Slughorn remained the only tutors that Harry liked, he was rather neutral on the others, except for a few. One of which was Binns but that was mostly because he nearly caused Harry to fall asleep and ruin his sleeping pattern. But he got over it for the most part when he realised that he could just read whatever he wanted in class and Binns wouldn't care. So every History lesson he just ignored Binns and either read a history book or a book on another subject. McGonagall appeared to be trying to avoid Harry as she would rarely ever look at him and would occasionally see him and walk in the opposite direction when they walked in the same hallway. In one class she straight up refused to look at him and a couple of times when he raised his hand to answer questions but then she would let Hermione Granger answer and that pissed Harry off for a couple of reasons. First of all, if she didn't want Harry to answer the question then she should've said instead of having him waste his time, second of all he and Hermione Granger put their hands up for every question so he knew that it wasn't a one off and third of all he was tired of seeing Granger's smug face smirking at him every time she answered a question instead of him. Harry, unlike Granger didn't see the whole thing as some sort of competition but he was rather pissed off because now Granger would think she's better than him and he could tell that this was going to cause more headaches for him. "Bitch" Harry covered his mouth and coughed as McGonagall walked past him "Did you say something Mr Potter?" She turned to him "I coughed Professor" Harry said as he coughed again "Of course" She said with a look that said she clearly didn't believe him "He did cough Professor" Delphi said from next to him. McGonagall stared at the two for several seconds before walking off. Later after the class finished Harry and Delphi walked out only to be followed by Hermione Granger. "So" Hermione said with a smug voice "I couldn't help but notice that I answered all the questions and you answered none of them" "Only because McGonagall was avoiding Harry" Delphi pointed out "probably because you called her a bitch" She added to Harry "If she can't handle a few swears then she is not someone who should work in a school" Harry replied "You shouldn't swear, especially at teachers!" Hermione said "You shouldn't be talking to me, yet here you are" Harry countered "I don't know why you have to be so rude, you're the boy-who-lived, you should be better behaved than this!" "Tell me Granger, have people ever willingly hanged out with you or did your parents need to pay them to spend time with you?" Harry asked "What's that supposed to mean?!" Hermione demanded "It means that nobody wants to be your friend, I would've thought that somebody like you would be able to work it out." Harry said with a fake smile "I can get friends if I want" "Imaginary or animals that you'll trap in a cage so they can't run away from you?" "I'll tell McGonagall!" Hermione threatened "Oh and what is she going to do?" Harry asked, not the slightest bit scared "Is she going to take points that I don't care about? Put me in a detention that I won't go to? Suspend or expel me from a school that I don't want to attend? How scary...wait...not. Seriously Granger, back off my case, bad enough that you I have to be in close proximity to you, I don't want to hear you either" "What? Is that because I'm a muggleborn?!" "My mother was a muggleborn you bushy haired idiot, I don't want to listen to you because if find your very presence irritating. And when I'm irritated I fall into a habit of burning things, tell me do you value your hair more or your books?" "You wouldn't!" Hermione's eyes widened as she took a step back and clutched her books protectively to her chest "Don't tempt me Granger" Harry warned "the last time you bothered me I shot a warning spell and then I got called into Dumbledore's office where I made McGonagall miss class for a week. Try me Granger, I dare you, see if you spend the day in your Gryffindor bed or one of the ones in the hospital wing." "Come on Harry" Delphi grabbed him by his sleeve "let's get you out of here before you do anything" "Hey Delphi, Harry" Fay's voice called as the two walked back to the common room "what are you guys up to?" "Harry had just delivered a letter to Fleur" Delphi grinned "ow" "Harry also just slapped Delphi for being an idiot" Harry smirked "what's up with you?" "Oh, I just had a meeting with Granger" Fay sighed "You poor soul" Harry said sympathetically "what happened?" "Well, it went like this" Fay started Fay was sitting in the common room, currently she was talking with Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil while the first year Gryffindor boys were either playing chess or reading. The older years were all gone so the first years had the pleasure of having the common room to themselves. "Yeah but I think he's totally a better player" Fay said to the girls as they discussed quidditch "Yeah but he's not as hot though" Lavender argued "True" Parvati giggled "Girls" Fay rolled her eyes in all too familiar feeling of amusement "What's going on?" Hermione Granger asked as she sat down next to the group "Apparently being better looking is more important than being skilled when we're talking about quidditch" Fay said as she looked at Lavender and Parvati who didn't seem the least bothered by her comment "Quidditch? I don't understand what you girls see in that barbaric game" Hermione shook her head "It's fun to play, fun to watch as well" Fay said, defending her beloved sport "It's a complete and utter waste of time" Hermione replied, making her opinion on the subject clear "Yeah, well we like it" Parvati rolled her eyes before turning her attention back to Fay "anyway, in the last match he played in he got the snitch before the other seeker" "Yeah but to if we're being fair then we got to remember that the seeker was injured" Fay pointed out "though to be fair he shouldn't have tried the wronksi feint for the very first time right during the match" "Yeah well..." Lavender started only to be interrupted "Have you girls done your homework?" Hermione asked "We've done all of ours apart from charms but that's due in for five days from now so we're fine" Lavender sighed "So why don't you do it now?" Hermione asked in what was a clear attempt to tell them to do their homework "Because we don't want to" An irritated Parvati replied "we just finished our transfigurations homework, we'll do charms later" "Yeah but..." "Fay have you done yours?" Lavender asked, Fay glared at Lavender for putting Hermione's attention on herself "Yes I have actually" Fay said "finished my charms homework half an hour ago" "Well, let me see it" Hermione said "What for?" Fay asked "Well, I am the best at charms" Hermione started "No you're not" Fay cut her off "Harry's the best. I've seen him, I remember him using fourth year spells." "I'm still the best here" Hermione responded, upset at the mention of Harry and the very idea of someone being better than her "so show me your work" "Why?" Fay asked again "So I can see what you did wrong and correct it" Hermione said as if it was obvious "How do you know I did something wrong?" Fay frowned "Come on Fay" Hermione scoffed "I know you're not dumb or anything but it's obvious that I'm much smarter than you." "Alright first of all, I'm not dumb" Fay glared at Hermione "I just said that" Hermione pointed out in an irritated voice "Second of all" Fay continued, ignoring Hermione "just because you're smarter than me does not give you the right to look at my work. I need to do it all on my own, if I can't do it then I'll consider asking for your help." "But don't you want to get the highest marks?!" "Not if it means you doing all my work" "Yeah but..." "Hermione" Fay interrupted "I don't want you changing my work" "Fine" Hermione huffed "don't come whining and complaining to me later when you need help" "Don't worry, I won't" Fay glared at her "Good, I'm tired of helping you all" Hermione said as she picked up her books, clearly about to leave "Nobody asked you to Granger!" Lavender snapped "There's no need to be so rude" Hermione replied "Rude?!" Parvati looked at her with disbelief "You're the one who constantly demands that we let you see our work and now you're acting like we come to you with everything" "But you do!" Hermione argued "No we don't" Fay shook her head "I mean, at the start we asked for a bit of help on a few questions but then you just started taking our homework from us without asking and then you make us do it your way. Not like Harry and Delphi" "What about them?!" "When I do homework with Harry and Delphi, me and Delphi help each other and Harry only ever helps us out if we can't figure something out" Fay said calmly "seems a much better way to do homework in my opinion. Plus you learn a lot when you learn from someone as smart as Harry" Fay was glad to see the last comment had greatly angered Hermione "He's not that smart" Hermione replied "Please" Parvati snorted "he's a genius. My sister in Ravenclaw told me that a few of the higher years are jealous of him and it's pretty much common knowledge that Flitwick gives him advanced work." "That's only because he's the boy-who-lived" Hermione argued "just because people treat him differently..." "Hermione, he's a genius" Fay cut her off "he does advanced learning and any spell he starts learning he masters quickly. To be fair, if he was better behaved then he'd probably be the best student in the year, maybe the school" "Unlikely" Hermione said disbelievingly before walking off "And that's it" Fay said as she ended her tale "Are we sure I am not allowed to hurt her?" Harry asked "No, you're not" Delphi sighed "Because I could do it, what if I start light and give her a black eye?" "No Harry, mum won't like it" "Fine" Harry sighed "By the way, can I ask a question?" Fay asked "You just did but go on" Harry said "Why doesn't your mum adopt him?" Fay asked Delphi as she gestured to Harry "I mean you both seem close and all" "Simple really" Delphi shrugged "mum doesn't have any job or much documents in the muggle world so she won't be able to get him on that side. As for the magical side, could you imagine what would happen if my mother or anyone for that matter tried to adopt the boy-who-lived? It'd be a bidding war. Everyone would want him for some reason or the other, especially when most people think that my mother is a crazed death eater" "Oh, sorry" Fay said sympathetically "It's not too bad" Harry shrugged "the orphanage let's me stay at their house most the time anyway. And I just need to stay there until I take up my lordship, then I can pretty much do what I want." "Harry" A voice called out and he saw Ron Weasley walk up to him "hey mate, do you want to play some chess?" The boy had been tailing Harry since the start of the year and he had worn down the little patience that Harry possessed "Look Weasley" Harry sighed "I am tired of your rather obvious attempts to become friends with the boy-who-lived so I'm going to say this once, leave me alone or I will hurt you" "But...but I..." "I'm sure, goodbye" Harry said before walking off, the girls following him. "Hey" Ron ran after him and grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around "you can't..." Ron started, only to be interrupted when Harry pushed him with one hand and Ron went flying back about five meters before skidding on his bum "Stay away from me" Harry glared at him before walking off, Delphi also glared at Ron before walking off after Harry. Fay didn't glare but she did follow after him, leaving a scowling Ronald Weasley. At the end of the year, Dumbledore sat in his office and massaged his temples. He had just confronted Quirrell after the man tried to steal the philosopher's stone, the two had duelled and when Quirrell seemed to be losing a wraith flew out of him, Dumbledore recognised it as Lord Voldemort. The stone was saved but Quirrell was dead and Voldemort escaped, this was not how he planned this to go. He had hoped to stage a confrontation between Harry and Voldemort, that way he can properly check how powerful the boy was and see if his mother's protection still worked. It was also a good way to see if Harry was willing to fight against Voldemort but that didn't go to plan. Dumbledore had left a few hints for Harry and he hoped that he would take them, but he didn't. In fact he didn't seem remotely interested in the third floor corridor. At one point he had the stairs shift and direct Harry to the corridor but instead of going inside, Harry just took out a book and stayed on the stairs until they moved back and allowed him to leave. Apparently Hagrid had sent the boy a letter to invite him for tea as well, but the boy declined and said he was too busy. Poor Hagrid felt bad after that, but Dumbledore managed to cheer him up and point out that Harry really was busy as he was taking advanced lessons from Flitwick and researching ahead. This brought tears to Hagrid's eyes as he marvelled at how smart Harry was and how he was very much like his mother. In truth Dumbledore was rather surprised at Harry's intelligence, skills and talents. He was actually rather happy about it as it meant that Harry would be stronger and more likely to pose a threat to Voldemort. But the problem came with the boy's way of dealing with the Slytherin's, he had brutalised and terrified them. His power was impressive, that Dumbledore admitted, but he should have turned the other cheek or tried to make peace with the Slytherin's instead of hurting them. Dumbledore intended for Harry Potter to be his heir and the next great light wizard, he couldn't have him become a dark lord. He could be much worse than Tom Riddle or Voldemort as he is known. Harry had the power and fame to make a real impact, bigger than even Dumbledore could make. From what he heard from the portraits, he learnt that Ronald Weasley was constantly trying to befriend him. He had no problems with this as it meant that Harry would be friends with a nice and light family, the Weasley's never went dark, they could be good role models for him. But it appeared that Harry wasn't interested in making many friends, he seemed more than content with Delphi Riddle and he occasionally would allow Fay Dunbar to hang out with him. Fay's family, from what he remembered, was rather neutral when it came to the light and dark war. He would've preferred Harry to befriend a light family but neutral was fine. But from what he understood it seemed like Fay was more Delphi's friend, that means she may not be that important in the long run. Plus now Harry would be spending another summer going between an orphanage and Bellatrix Lestrange, he had no idea what would happen to Harry. He needed to do better for next year.
Chapter 12 - Harry's holidays were frighteningly uneventful, after returning to the orphanage he got a few greetings before he went up to his room. The only excitable event at the orphanage was when the new kid barged into Harry's room and thought it was a good idea to show Harry who is in charge. Harry would grin at the memory, the bully had ended up flinching every time he saw Harry. Harry had actually spent most of his time going to Delphi's house or writing letters to Fleur. Though there was something that was pretty memorable. Shadow had officially become the personal messenger for when Harry wrote to Fleur, for when Harry wrote to anybody really, it helped that Shadow really approved of the girl. Shadow was having some problem with a house elf that kept trying to steal all of his letters. Shadow had communicated his displeasure at the house elf to Harry. Harry had a pretty special relationship with Shadow, as far as everyone else was concerned, Shadow was just Harry's familiar. While that was true, Harry felt that their relationship was stronger then one of a master and familiar. Shadow obeyed without question and Harry could understand Shadow despite no words or being said. If they were hungry or sad or happy, the other would know instantly. Of course Harry blocked that off for most of the day but they would check on each other every now and then. The meeting with the elf was probably the most interesting part of Harry's summer "You have a present for me boy?" Harry raised an eyebrow as he looked up from a book to see Shadow hover in the air while holding a struggling house elf, by the pillow cloth that he wore, with ease "Drop him" Harry ordered, Shadow let go and the elf fell to the floor just as Shadow flew over and landed on his master's shoulder. Harry put the book down and gave Shadow a few affectionate strokes "good boy, let me deal with this and I'll reward you later" Shadow nodded while looking rather proud. Harry stood up and Shadow jumped off his shoulder and flew to the top of the cupboard which he used as a perch. "H...hello" The house elf greeted Harry nervously as he stood up "I am Dobby sir, Dobby the house elf" "Well Dobby the house elf" Harry spoke in a calm voice "perhaps you'd like to tell me why you've been trying to attack my familiar?" "No sir, Dobby hasn't been trying to attack the great Harry Potter's familiar" Dobby shook his head quickly "My familiar would disagree" Harry responded as he tapped a rune stone with his wand, the rune stone was a rather brilliant gift from Bellatrix and effectively acted like a silencing charm that Harry could turn on or off. "I mean, once is understandable, twice is a coincidence, three times is suspicious. You've tried to attack him about five or seven times" "No! Dobby was only trying to steal the letters, Dobby didn't want to hurt the bird. Dobby..." Dobby froze as he realised that he just admitted that he was trying to steal Harry's letters "Yeah, bit late to go back now" Harry said as he correctly guessed Dobby's thoughts "now why were you trying to steal my letters? Before you answer that, I know you haven't managed to steal any because I only write to Fleur and Delphi and I use Shadow for both of them and they always reply with Shadow." "Dobby was hoping that if Harry Potter sir did not get any letters then he would be upset and not want to go to Hogwarts" Dobby admitted "Not go to Hogwarts?" Harry raised an eyebrow "Harry Potter sir must not go to Hogwarts. There is a great plot, Harry Potter is in danger. Dobby remembers how things were before Harry Potter sir had defeated you-know-who, Harry Potter must not go" "I don't really have much of a choice" Harry responded while rolling his eyes at the dramatic elf "I..." "But sir" Dobby cut him off "there is much danger, Dobby will stop Harry Potter sir from going if he must" "Oh will you?" Harry looked at Dobby with amusement "Alright, Dobby, let's say that you do something and then you run off so I can't hurt you. If you run off, I can find you. I can find anyone with my familiar Shadow and my house elf friend Kreatcher. Matter of fact, Kreatcher" Harry called and the old elf popped in "Master Harry be calling Kreatcher?" Kreatcher bowed respectfully "Kreatcher do you know this elf?" Harry gestured to a paling Dobby "Yes master" Kreatcher nodded "he is the Malfoy's house elf, Dobby" "Thank you Kreatcher" Harry nodded at him before looking back at Dobby "you see between Shadow, Kreatcher, myself and a knowledge of who you serve, you wouldn't be able to get very far. And when I find you, because I will find you, I will hurt you" Harry raised his palm and Dobby nearly jumped out of his skin when a ball of flame began hovering above it. Dobby was stunned, he couldn't believe that Harry Potter was using magic openly without any fear, does that mean he won't get punished for it. "Now elf, you will listen to me" Harry said in an annoyed tone "I have no choice but to go to Hogwarts, I do not want to go but the old goat in charge is forcing me to go. If I don't go they just pick me up and drag me back there. Now I will take your warning into consideration and kindly ask that you leave before I lose what little patience I have, also if you dare to bother my familiar again then I will burn you into a crisp" "Y...yes, H...Harry Potter sir" Dobby said in a sad voice, he turned to Shadow "Dobby is sorry Harry Potter's familiar, Dobby will go home and punish himself" "Don't punish yourself" Harry said, surprising Dobby "just don't bother me and we'll call it even" "Harry Potter sir is such a great wizard" A tear dropped down Dobby's face as he looked at Harry with awe "to be so kind to Dobby" "Guessing the Malfoy's don't treat you well?" Harry said, Dobby remained silent for several moments and that easily answered Harry's question "Look, just go to Bellatrix Lestrange" "Lestrange?" Dobby blinked "She's your mistresses sister" Harry explained "tell her that I sent you and that you want to get out of the Malfoy's service, she might be able to help" "Oh, the great Harry Potter sir..." "Is tired" Harry cut Dobby off "go" "Yes sir, Dobby will be leaving now" Dobby said before popping away "Huh, I'm going soft" Harry sighed Harry entered the Gringotts bank so he could get money from his trust vault, the goblins looked at him differently from the others witches and wizards, that was because they actually liked him. The sight of Shadow let them know that the wizard was a powerful one despite being so young, the burns and scars taught them that this wizard was either a warrior or one that had suffered, maybe both. Any of those would earn some respect from the goblins. He was also the Potter heir and therefore he was an important client. They also preferred how he dealt with them, he was quiet, he wasn't loud like the other wizards. He, much like them, preferred to just hurry and do his business before leaving. He also respected them, unlike other wizards. Shortly after exiting Gringotts with sufficient money, he found Delphi standing outside and trying to make conversation with the goblin guards outside. He noticed that the guards didn't look too happy with that fact. He couldn't blame them, he had conversations with her before. "My apologies" Harry said to the guards as he grabbed Delphi by the arm "her brain hasn't fully developed yet" He added before dragging her off "Hey" Delphi said "my brain is quite fine thank you" "Clearly not if you're bothering the guards" Harry replied "I wasn't bothering them, I was talking to them "I just said that" Harry responded "come on, we'll buy all our stuff." "Fine, fine" Delphi sighed "I still don't get why mom isn't shopping with us" "That's because you're an idiot" "Harry" "Either that or memory loss, because if you remembered then you would know that she doesn't want our day ruined by idiots staring at the boy-who-lived hanging out with a former death eater" "But that's not fair!" Delphi complained "I never said it was" Harry sighed. Delphi looked like she wanted to say more but stopped herself. The two spent a few hours shopping, getting everything they need before they headed over to the bookstore. "Gilderoy Lockhart is signing his books today?" Delphi read the sign that was just outside the shop "isn't he that guy whose books you and mum don't like?" "If you mean we laughed at them and burnt them then yes" Harry nodded "I read one of his books, it was garbage. I read another with the hope that it'd be better" "Was it?" "No, it was worse" Harry shivered slightly "I tried another but I couldn't bare to do anything beyond skim it and I still somehow ended up with a headache. I am not wasting money on that shite" "But it's part of our list for this year" Delphi pointed out "You're mum gave you plenty of money, you spend some on it if you want. I won't" Harry said firmly as the two entered the shop only to find it crowded with tons of witches and wizards crowding around a table where a blonde haired man with a wide smile and unnaturally white teeth. It wouldn't take a genius to guess who it was, that's why Harry knew that even Delphi guessed that it was Gilderoy Lockhart, Harry rolled his eyes at the witches that were trying to get Lockhart's attention. He and Delphi went around getting all their books for charms, potions and the other subjects. Delphi brought the defence books but Harry still refused to waste money on it. Just as they were about to leave Harry and Delphi met with an unpleasant surprise. "What are you doing here?!" Ron Weasley demanded, he was accompanied by a bunch of other red heads and Hermione Granger "Good lord, they're breeding" Harry shivered as he looked between Hermione and the other Weasley's "We're buying our school supplies, what do you think we're doing?" Delphi said sarcastically as she rolled her eyes "Merlin's beard" Lockhart said after noticing Harry, Harry rather stood out with his burnt left eye but it attracted Lockhart's attention long enough for him to notice his scar. "It's Harry Potter!" He exclaimed. Harry bit back a series of words, after first year the whole of the wizarding world knew what he looked like and he couldn't really go anywhere without someone noticing. "Come up front Harry, we'll take a picture" "I would...but I don't really want to" Harry shrugged "Come now Harry, the two of us would make the front page, and I'll add my entire collective work in for free" Lockhart replied "No thank you" Harry sighed before walking off, a few witches looked furious but he couldn't really bring himself to care "Oh, look famous Harry Potter" An annoying yet familiar voice drawled "can't even go to a book store without getting on the front page. Oh, are you hanging out with the Weasels now?" Harry, slightly confused about Malfoy's last comment turned around to see that most of the Weasley family were standing nearby "No" Harry turned to Draco "they just happen to be standing there. as for me getting more attention than you, I am deeply sorry that nobody wants to take your picture. You poor little baby, it's not your fault that you look like a rodent" A few of the Weasley snickered at Harry's comment, while Delphi barely restrained her laughter at it "You're one to talk, scar face!" Malfoy shot back "You're original" Harry rolled his eyes "scar face Malfoy? Really? I would've thought that you could come up with better, though it's understandable since your intelligence is rather on the low side. Now I understand that you're jealous..." "I am not jealous!" "Personally I'm jealous of all the people that don't know you" Harry replied "now I know you're a few spells short of an arsenal, but I would like to remind you that there are better ways to get attention then throwing tantrums. Now why don't you cheer up and go find someone who actually wants to talk to you? Fair warning, you'll be searching for a long time" "You little..." Malfoy started only to be interrupted by a new voice "Draco" Came the voice of Lucius Malfoy, Draco's father, he walked up to the group. Draco suddenly got quiet and stepped out of the way "Is there a problem?" Lucius asked "Yes" Harry answered "you're son was whining and complaining like a spoilt brat because I got attention and he didn't." "I did not!" Draco said "Oh, because I clearly remember you saying 'famous Harry Potter, can't even go to a book store without making the front page'." Harry replied "You're a whiny little brat and you know it." "Enough Draco" Lucius hissed at his son before Draco could respond, Lucius then turned to Harry "ah, Mr Potter, I am Lucius Malfoy." "Naturally" Harry nodded "Forgive me" Lucius said as he used his cane to push Harry's hair up so he could see the infamous lightning bolt scar "your scar is legendary, as is the one who gave it to you" "True" Harry agreed as he pushed the cane away, his agreement surprising both Malfoy and the Weasley's "I don't like him, but even I will admit that the man was skilled and powerful" "Yes" Lucius nodded, not quite sure how to respond, he averted his gaze on to the Weasleys "ah, don't tell me, red hair and second hand clothes. This must be the Weasleys" "Alright kids" A balding red man appeared, Harry guessed that this was the father of the Weasleys "Ah, Arthur" Lucius said "Lucius" Arthur replied with a forced respect "The ministry raids keeping you busy?" Lucius smirked as he picked up the books from Ginny Weasley's cauldron "what is the point in being a disgrace to wizards if they don't even pay you well enough for it?" "Can we hurry this up please?" Harry said impatiently, causing all eyes to fall on him "because the way I see it, I can't go backwards because I'm being blocked by redheads and I can't go forwards because I'm being blocked by blondes. Can someone move before the brunettes start rolling in?" "Very well" Lucius replied, barely controlling his rage at being spoken to in such a manner, he placed the books back in Ginny's cauldron "though I do wonder who taught you your manners?" "That would be Bellatrix Lestrange" Harry answered with a grin, Lucius's face went pale "B...Bellatrix Lestrange, you say?" He said as memories of his sister-in-law flooded his head, memories of a vicious and unmerciful witch, who happened to be bat-shit crazy and absolutely terrifying. "Ah, I imagine that she's taught you quite a lot" "Yes, including spells. If you don't approve of her teachings, I can always tell her" Harry smirked "No, that's quite alright" Lucius said as he grabbed Draco's arm "we'll be off now" Lucius said before dragging Draco away "tell me" he whispered to his son "what in Merlin's name were you thinking by antagonising the boy who was taught by Bellatrix bloody Lestrange?!" The two exited the shop "Let's go" Delphi said to Harry "You know Lestrange?!" Ron blurted out "What if I do?" Harry said, he was about to walk off when the eldest Weasley greeted him "Hello Mr Potter, I am Arthur Weasley, this is my wife Molly" He gestured to the plump red headed woman who had walked up to them "Hi" Harry said "if that's all, I'll be off" "I trust you know my sons" Molly Weasley said, informing Harry that that wasn't all "I've only talked to the one and that was against my will" Harry replied "W...well" Molly stuttered slightly "never mind, I'm sure you can all get to know each other. This is my youngest, Ginny" Molly gestured to a slightly nervous Ginny Weasley, the only other female of the Weasley family and the youngest "she's starting Hogwarts this year" "O...kay?" Harry said, not quite understanding why he should care "You know Bellatrix Lestrange?!" Ron repeated "Tell me, are you deaf or merely stupid?" Harry rolled his eyes at the second youngest Weasley "I had just said that." "Dear, I think Ron's just worried" Molly Weasley said "I know you might not want to hear it but she's an evil woman" "She is not evil!" Delphi exclaimed just before Harry could say anything "But I thought that she was a dark witch" Hermione said "You think?" Harry said in mock surprise "I would have never have guessed. Now if you don't mind, we'll be off" Harry said before he and Delphi walked out of the store before any of them could respond Eventually second year started, the Slytherins had just arrived back in their common room after the sorting feast had finished. By this point the first years were already in bed while the rest of the house began greeting each other. "Well this is nice" A voice called and all the Slytherin's turned to see Harry Potter walk out of the shadows from one corner of a room "Potter!" Malfoy exclaimed "What are you doing here?" "Two things actually" Harry said as he yawned "first of all, I just wanted to remind you all to let the first years know to stay out of my way. Second of all, I've realised that a certain idiot didn't learn from last year. Now, I'm going to hurt Malfoy, if you want to defend him then know that I will go through you to get to him. So if you want to defend him then stay where you are, if not then move out the way" Malfoy snorted, expecting the whole of Slytherin to jump to his defence. He suddenly became rather horrified when he saw that most of Slytherin had moved out of the way, the only people remaining at his side were Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson and a few upper year Slytherin's whose parents owed his father some favours. "Great" Harry said as he raised a hand into the air, his skull mask dropped into his hand just as Shadow flew down and landed on one of the pieces of furniture "let's get started" Harry said before he put his mask on
Chapter 13 - "I'm not afraid of you Potter!" Draco said as bravely as could as he and his back up aimed their wands at Harry, even though their arms were shaky.. "Are you not?" Harry tilted his head to the side, his skull mask making him look terrifyingly creepy "You're out numbered!" Parkinson shouted "You filthy half-blood freak! You don't deserve to be anywhere near us or our noble house!" "I suppose I am" Harry straightened his neck "after all, it's me vs you, Draco, his two goons and three Slytherin's that look to be third to sixth years. I suppose the first thing I should do is get rid of the older ones, it might even the playing field a little" Harry waved his right arm and two of the three upper years went flying before they crashed into a wall and lost consciousness. The other upper year fired a stunner, Harry raised his left hand and a shield made of wind formed and blocked the stunner. Harry gestured with his left hand and the wind flew forward and crashed into the Slytherin and sent him backwards into a different wall but ended with the same results. "That's better" "Back of Potter! Flippendo!" Malfoy shouted, Harry dodged and pulled out his own wand, he non-verbally fired four expelliarmus's at a surprising speed and the four Slytherin second years all lost their wands. Harry sent five stinging hexes at Crabbe and Goyle each, hitting them in various places before he tied them up with ropes. He then turned his attention to Parkinson and tied her up with ropes, he also put a silencing spell on her and Crabbe and Goyle so he didn't have to listen to their screaming and complaining. "Now Malfoy, where were we?" Harry asked. Malfoy, who was currently paler than anybody had ever seen him, tried to run away. Harry sent a tripping spell at Malfoy's feet causing him to fall on his face, Harry then hit him with a body bind. The other Slytherin's were getting a bit fearful, not only did Potter defeat three upper year Slytherin's and four Slytherin's from his own year, but all of his spells were non-verbal and the first three were taken out with wandless magic. "Let go of me!" Malfoy screamed before Harry kicked him over so he was facing up "Poor little Malfoy" Harry said as he put his foot on Draco's face "too stupid to listen when you should. All I wanted was to be left alone, but you didn't listen. I think I was too nice last time, this time I will show you real pain" "You...you don't scare me!" Malfoy said, despite the fact that his body was shaking "We'll see" Harry said softly as he removed his foot and hit Draco in the face with a stinging hex, Harry released Draco's right arm from the body bind, he placed his left foot on top of Draco's wrist when Draco tried to move his arm. "Ah, and this is your wand hand isn't it? Tell me Draco, what's your favourite lesson? Mine is charms" Draco stayed silent and didn't answer "you don't feel like talking? That's fine. I can talk, I usually talk to myself anyway, it's the only way I can guarantee an intelligent conversation. Now, I've learnt quite a few advanced charms, here's one. Aguamenti" Harry sent a jet of water at Malfoy, striking him harshly in the face "oh that was fun, let's go again" Harry said before he shot several more jets at Malfoy. The Slytherin's were beginning to realise that this was a lot more dangerous than they had originally thought as Draco was laid on his back, not only would the water sting him but he could drown. They realised that he could die! "Okay, getting bored now" Harry said before he kicked Draco so he was now on his stomach, Malfoy began coughing violently, water spilling out of his mouth. "Y...you c...can't do this" Malfoy got out between coughs "I believe I am doing this Draco" Harry replied "now, where was I? Oh yes, Harry walked around and pinned Draco's hand again, this time with his right foot. I had learnt the aguamenti charm, I had also learnt the one that turns water into ice." Harry shot another blast of water at Draco, this time at his hand. Harry then turned the water into ice, and Draco screamed out as his hand was trapped in ice. "Stop it!" Draco screamed, red-faced, in pain and terrified "It stings doesn't it?" Harry asked "It's funny though, the fact that it gives off a burning feeling despite the fact that it's cold. Me?" Harry turned the ice back into water "I prefer to burn things the old fashioned way" Harry aimed his wand at Draco's hand and a small jet of flames burst out and burnt it, causing Draco to cry and scream in pain. "Oh, what's wrong? Not hot enough?" Harry increased the temperature and Draco's scream got louder, several seconds later, Harry had removed his foot and stopped the flames with a wave of his free hand. The Slytherin's felt slightly sick at thee sight of Draco, his burnt skin left a horrible smell in the air, that added to his screaming and tears, needless to say various Slytherin's were going to have a hard time sleeping tonight. Harry reapplied the body bind, causing Draco's arm to snap back to his body and his hand to slap his side which caused even more pain. "Hey Draco" Harry said in a friendly tone "what was it that you called me? You know when we met in Diagon alley? Ah, right, I remember, 'scar face', that's what you called me. That really hurt my feelings Draco, but I figure that our conflict was just from a lack of understanding. You don't really know what scars are like, let me show you." Harry grabbed Draco, he turned him over and dragged him by the collar to the fireplace. Draco's eyes, and many of the others widened as they saw where Harry was taking him. "No! Please! Stop!" Draco begged as tears flooded his face "I...I'm sorry, I'm sorry" "You're not sorry Draco, you're afraid, you'll say anything to get out of this. I'm going to make sure you're truly sorry" Harry said as he stopped just in front of the fire place, he took a moment to appreciate the beauty of the flames, though that moment was interrupted by Draco's screams. "Please don't! I...I'm sorry, I won't insult you again! I will..." "Shush, shush, shush Draco" Harry said as he lifted Draco so he was looking him right in the eye, Draco looked undeniably horrified as he stared at Harry. From he's perspective, all he could see was a skull with killing curse green eyes "I need you to know why I'm hurting you, it's just not because of what you've done. That's partly it. I'm doing this because I like it. And you gave me an excuse" Harry turned Draco and grabbed him by the hair and neck, he shoved the left side of Draco's face into the fire. The Slytherin's struggled to keep their food in their stomach's as they heard Malfoy's screams echo throughout the common room. Their horror only sky rocketed when Harry started laughing at the same time. Not a small laugh, not a quiet laugh. The laugh that Harry let out was sadistic, loud, loudest they had ever heard the usually quiet boy. "Come on Dragon! Can't handle a little flame!" Harry taunted before he pulled Draco out of the fire and tossed him away, he cancelled the body bind on him and Draco's hands immediately went to his face as he began to try and pat out the flames while he rolled on the floor. Harry idlily waved a hand and the flames dissepeared, even though the burns still remained. Malfoy's hands seemed to be confused as they wanted to touch his face to alleviate some of the pain but the slightest touch only caused it to flare. Not that Harry cared, he wasn't looking at Draco or his face that had caused a few Slytherin's to vomit. Harry's eyes were fixed on the fire, he watched as it appeared to be dancing in the wind. He was trapped by how the flames varied in colour, how they looked wild and... "Aarrgh!" Draco's scream interrupted Harry's thoughts "Oh for Merlin's sake" Harry sighed as he placed a silencing charm on Draco "can no one appreciate art in silence these days? I mean, just look at it" Harry pushed his own hand into the fire, the Slytherin's gasped as they were still struggling to be able to deal with his craziness. Hurting others was one thing, but self damage was another entirely "Ah, that's comforting" Harry removed his hand, shocking the Slytherin's as they saw he wasn't even burnt. A bit of fire shot out from the fireplace and took the shape of a snake, it slithered up Harry's arm, to his shoulders and then to the other arm before it returned back to the flames. "Now" Harry averted his attention from the fire and looked at Draco who was still squirming on the floor in pain "ah, are you hurt? Hmm, perhaps someone can volunteer to make it better. I know, Parkinson!" Harry untied Pansy Parkinson with a wave of his wand "get over here" "B...but...I...please, don't hurt me!" She begged "I don't recall stuttering, get over here Parkinson. Come on now, I don't bite" "But...but...I..." "Now!" Harry roared, Parkinson nearly jumped to her feet, she quickly rushed over, fear all over her face. "You see, that's good" Harry's voice was calm, he placed his wand back in his holster and walked behind Parkinson, he placed his hands on her shoulders and had her look at Malfoy "tell me Parkinson, you fancy young Mr Malfoy, don't you? Yes, in fact I wager most of the school is bored of seeing you clinging on to his arm like a sloth. You're about as attractive as one. Now, your precious little dragon is hurt, poor thing has been burnt, why don't you give him a kiss and make it better?" "K...kiss him?" Pansy stuttered as she saw Draco's burnt face "p...please don't make me, please!" "Why not? I thought you liked him" Harry asked in an amused voice "I only liked him because he was rich and good looking!" Pansy cried "Don't make me kiss him!" She begged "Ah look, the proud pureblood begging 'the half-blood freak'" Harry snorted "I...I'm sorry" Parkinson sobbed, Harry turned her around and his right hand grabbed her by the throat, any further words were gone. Her hands went to his wrist while her eyes were fixed on the green eyes and skull mask "Do not lie to me!" Harry hissed in a dangerous voice that was near parsletounge "I hate the word sorry. People never mean it" Parkinson gasped as she struggled to breath, Harry tossed her to the floor. He gestured to Draco, Pansy held back some more tears. She slowly got to her knees, she shakily leant down and planted a kiss on the burnt half of Draco's face. Draco jumped back in pain while Pansy vomited on the floor. "Wow" Harry said in amazement "this got really dark, didn't it?" Harry waved his hand over Draco and the burns on his face and hand disappeared, as if he was never burnt in the first place. "So Draco?" Harry said to Malfoy who was clutching his face and staring at him in terror "have I made my point?" Draco quickly nodded in fear "That's good." Harry walked to the middle of the common room, he slowly turned in a circle and looked at everyone "Listen up, from this point on, I'm putting Slytherin on notice. Salazar Slytherin" Harry pointed to the painting of Salazar Slytherin "told me last year that he's tired of you pure blood idiots ruining his once noble house with your stupid blood supremacy. Frankly, I don't care what you do or what you believe in. But bother me or my friends again and I will hurt you. I had originally planned to give the house a warning for the year, guess what, this is it. Draco took your one warning, blame him. If anyone bothers me again...well, accidents can happen and sometimes they end up killing people. I mean, nobody could blame me if one of you trips down some stairs and breaks your neck...or if something ends up in one of your drinks...or if your common room catches fire in the middle of the night. I trust you'll all behave, goodbye Slytherin" Harry walked to the exit, he removed his mask just as Shadow landed on his shoulder. "Hi Harry" Delphi said the next day as she sat down next to Harry at breakfast "Hi Delphi" Harry replied as he handed Shadow some food before he began feeding himself "good sleep?" "It was alright" Delphi shrugged as she started eating her own breakfast "Good" Harry nodded "What about you?" Delphi asked "Fine, I mean I went asleep a bit later than usual" Harry admitted "Why?" "Oh, I was out terrorising the Slytherin's" "Let me guess, because of Malfoy?" Delphi gave him a knowing look "Because of Malfoy, though to be fair I may have gone a bit overboard." "May have?" Delphi raised an eyebrow "What exactly did you do?" "Well, it went like this" Harry said just before launching into a very detailed explanation about his late night adventure "hmm, now that I think about it, that was a little overboard" "Harry!" Delphi blurted out once he was done "that was very overboard! You got vomit all over there common room! That's disgusting, and I bet you made it smell horrible now" "You're right, I'm a monster" Harry rolled his eyes "Also, I don't understand why you keep doing it to just the Slytherin's" "Firstly because the Hufflepuff's and Ravens stay out of my way, so do the Gryffindor's for the most part. Slytherin house had the most bullies in school, what with most of them being pure-blood supremist, rich and spoilt brats or rich and spoilt, pure-blood supremist brats, I just made sure they know that I'm not on the bully list. Anyway, I also sent Shadow to your mothers house yesterday with a letter that told her exactly what I did" "Has she replied yet?" "No, not yet. Wait, scratch that" Harry said as an owl came in with a package that was shaped suspiciously like a broom. The owl dropped the package in front of them then landed on the table, it looked at Harry expectantly. "Fine, have some" Harry said as he gave the owl some food. Shadow gave the bird a glare, at least until Harry gave him some more food "okay, here's a note" Harry said as he took the note off the package "it says 'Hi Harry, I'm so proud of you. I know I shouldn't be supporting this because you shouldn't be fighting and terrorising people but my little boy is already such a powerful wizard! If I was there then I'd hug you! I'm sending you a gift, I was saving it for Christmas but you deserve an early present. I'll just get you something else for Christmas. Say hi to Delphi, and both of you remember to write. Bye', so I wager that this is my present." "Did you get a broom?!" John Matthews, the Ravenclaw quidditch captain exclaimed as he walked up to the pair "No, it's a mop" Harry said sarcastically as he opened the package to reveal a nimbus 2001, the latest broom on the market "Bloody hell, a nimbus 2001!" John blurted out in shock "Harry, do you like quidditch?!" He asked hopefully "Not really" Harry answered honestly "But...what?" John seemed confused and began glancing between Harry and the broom "I like flying, I don't care for quidditch" "Are you any good?" "He's annoyingly good" Delphi said "especially for someone who doesn't care for the sport" "Can you try out for the team? Please!" John begged "I will think about it" Harry said with an annoyed voice "now excuse me" Harry rewrapped the broom in the package, he then stood up "I'll just go and put this in my room" Harry said as he walked out of the hall and up to the common room, to the relief of the Slytherin's that were trying not to look at him. "Harry!" He heard someone call him at one point, he recognised the voice as Gilderoy Lockhart "Oh hell no" Harry muttered and gradually increased his speed while not looking back, pretending not to have heard him "Harry! Wait just a...oof!" Harry briefly glanced back and saw that Lockhart had just crashed into Ron Weasley and the pair fell on the floor. Harry barely supressed a snort and quickly walked off, unfortunately a few hallways later he came face to face with Hermione Granger. "Is that a broom?" She asked "No it's an story for kids, woman look at the damn shape of it" Harry gestured to the broom shape of...the broom "Don't be rude!" "Don't be idiot then" Harry replied "I am not an idiot!" "Have you upgraded to THE idiot? I must say I'm impressed, not enough to want to actually talk to you though. So goodbye and may we never meet again" Harry shoved past her and walked off. A.N: Hi guys, hope you enjoyed the chapter. This chapter may lead to some differing opinions, I just want to say one thing. Harry's dark, the chapter's dark, the story's occasionally dark, just deal with it. Also I remember one review asking about how I planned to portray Dumbledore. In this story I want to portray Dumbledore as someone who wants the defeat of Voldemort and he wants Harry to take over as the leader of the light. With the canon Dumbledore I sometimes get the feeling that he wasn't quite sure if the horcrux in Harry would be destroyed and let Harry live, in my story I am going for a Dumbledore who believes that horcrux would die instead of Harry and he wants Harry to basically take over his work for him and become the next leader of the light. Of course, Harry doesn't want that. My version of Harry is dark and he has very few rules, the main one is basically don't hurt anyone who is innocent (hasn't done anything to you), as shown by the fact that he only hurt Malfoy and anyone who got in his way, also Parkinson but that was because she got in his way and she was being a bitch. Anyway, thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed the chapter and feel free to leave a review.
Chapter 14 - "E...excuse me" A nervous voice said, Harry who was sitting in the library and waiting for Delphi had looked up to see two Slytherin girls standing in front of him. Their names were Daphne Greengrass and Tracy Davis if he remembered them correctly "Can I help you?" Harry asked "W...well I'm Daphne Greengrass and this is Tracy Davis" Daphne introduced herself and her friend "uh...as you know, we're Slytherin's in your year and we've been present every time you came to our common room." "I miss the part that answered my question, how can I help you?" Harry repeated, Daphne and Tracy looked a bit more nervous "W...well, we were hoping to become your friends" Tracy said "What? You want to be my friends?" Harry snorted "Cut to the chase and tell me what you want" "But we are..." "Cut to the chase" Harry interrupted "or stop wasting my time" "Okay, fine" Daphne sighed "you're strong and dangerous and all of Slytherin is scared of you, me and Tracy are having a hard time in Slytherin. Tracy because she's a half-blood and me because the boys want me because of my family name and fortune. We were hoping that with you with you as an ally, we'd..." "Have less trouble from the other Slytherin's" Harry finished for her "see, that wasn't so hard. Now first of all, you know that I plan to leave this bloody school the second my fifth year is finished?" "Yes but that won't stop the Slytherin's from being scared of you" Tracy replied "if we just threaten them with you popping in to pay a visit then they'll back off. Plus, if you're interested then we really will be your friends" "I have more friends than I could be bothered with at the moment" Harry sighed "but Delphi has been bothering me about not making friends, so I suppose we're friends. Quick question, don't I scare you?" "Oh you absolutely terrify us" Daphne reassured him "But we figured it's better to be with you than against you" Tracy added "Hi Harry" Delphi said as she walked up to them "Delphi, I made two friends" Harry gestured to Daphne and Tracy "What?!" Delphi blurted out in shock "That's right" Harry grinned "Friendship motherfucker" "Harry that's brilliant!" "And you doubted me" Harry smirked "Harry, you doubted yourself" Delphi reminded him "you said you'd never be able to make friends" "And I just proved myself wrong" Harry realised "Damn it!" Harry found himself sitting in defence class with Delphi at his side plus Tracy and Daphne behind him. Lockhart entered and Harry couldn't help roll his eyes as he saw Lockhart walk by a painting of Lockhart making another painting of Lockhart. Harry thought that the man was a bit too clean and happy for someone who has apparently been constantly fighting dark creatures and wizards. "Well, let's if you're right about him being a useless idiot" Delphi whispered to him "A galleon says I am" Harry whispered back "You're on" Delphi shook his hand, signifying her acceptance "Look at Granger" Daphne gestured to Hermione Granger who was swooning at the very sight of him. Harry wasn't sure if he should pity the man or laugh. "Let me introduce you to your new defence against the dark arts teacher, me" Lockhart started "Gilderoy Lockhart, order of Merlin, third class. Honorary member of the dark force defence league and five time winner of witch weekly's most charming smile award" Lockhart flashed his bright teeth at the class. "Oh sweet Merlin" Harry sighed, he turned over to Delphi, clearly expecting her to hand him a galleon. "What?" She hissed "He hasn't done anything to prove he's useless yet. Ask at the end of the lesson" "But I don't talk about that" Lockhart continued "I didn't get rid of the Bandon banshee by smiling at her" He took a moment to laugh at his own joke, even though nobody laughed "I see you've all brought a complete set of my books, well done. Oh...wait, Mr Potter, do you not have any of my books?" "Nope" Harry shook his head "Ah well, you can buy some later" Lockhart smiled at him "Hell no" Harry coughed into his hand, only Delphi, Tracy and Daphne were able to hear him. "I thought we'd start today with a little quiz, nothing to worry about. Just to see how well you've read them and how well you've taken them in" "Look at this" Daphne said once Lockhart had handed over the test papers and moved far enough away to not hear her "it's all about him" "The first question is actually asking about his favourite colour" Harry said slowly with disbelief in his voice "who...in...the hell...gives...a...shit?" "You have thirty minutes" Lockhart said from the front of the classroom "Begin" "Tut, tut" Lockhart looked through the finished test results "hardly any of you remembered that my favourite colour is lilac. But Miss Hermione Granger knew that my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair care products, good." He winked at her, she looked ready to faint. "Did he say 'tut-tut'?" Harry asked Delphi "Please tell me that motherfucker did not say tut-tut. I hate tut-tut!" "Don't ask" Delphi mouthed to Daphne and Tracy who looked very confused "Now" Lockhart continued, ignorant "perhaps if you'd all like then we can act out a few scenes from the book. Mr Potter, come to the front" "What?" Harry blinked "Come up to the front, you can help me act out this scene" Lockhart smiled at Harry, only to be met with a rather intense stare from the boy himself. The stare continued for several moments, maybe even a minute or two, Lockhart found himself feeling extremely uncomfortable under the gaze of the green eyed boy in front of him "I am not afraid to kill you" Harry eventually said in a calm yet threatening voice "also if I hear the words 'tut-tut' come out of you again then I will rip your hair off and make you eat it" all Slytherin's in the room had involuntarily gulped and shivered, knowing full well what Harry could do when he felt like it. The Hufflepuff's were rather surprised, the Ravenclaw's not so much, the Gryffindor's didn't really like Lockhart. At least that was true for the boys, girls from pretty much each house were glaring at Harry or in shock of his words. Especially Hermione Granger, though that didn't surprise anyone. "He really doesn't like tut..." Tracy started only to stop when Harry's head snapped towards her "that word" She corrected "he doesn't like that word" "It's a long story" Delphi sighed "also I think it's words, not word" "W...well...I see that you're not feeling up to it" Lockhart replied, not noticing that he actually taken a step back "how about another volunteer? Um...Mr Weasley!" "Me?!" Ron looked at him in shock "Yes!" Lockhart smiled "You'll do, you'll do nicely. You're perfect" "Gay" Harry coughed, once again causing the girls to glare at him What followed was what Harry would describe as the most pathetic thing he had ever seen, horrible and enthusiastic overacting from Lockhart combined with terrible and unenthusiastic underacting from Ron with a ridiculous story. Though Harry kept himself entertained by imaging burning Lockhart's hair. "Now" Lockhart said after that insult to acting was over and Ron had returned to his seat "be warned, it's my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizard kind, you may find yourself facing your worst fears in this room. Know only, that no harm can befall you, whilst I am here. I must ask you not to scream, it might provoke them!" Lockhart dramatically lifted a cloth off a cage, revealing a cage full of pixies. "Cornish Pixies'?" Seamus Finnegan laughed "Freshly caught Cornish pixies" Lockhart corrected "laugh if you will Mr Finnegan but Pixies can be devilishly tricky little blighters. Let's see what you make of them" Lockhart opened the cage, allowing the pixies to fly out. All of a sudden the classroom was in chaos, the pixies flew around and began damaging everything. They ripped books, pulled hair, threw whatever they could. Neville ended up dangling from a chandelier after the pixies painfully dragged him up by his ears. Many of the class began running out of the classroom, Lockhart tried to stop the pixies but one of them snatched his wand. Lockhart ran but stopped at the doorway. "Could you all round them up please?" He said before he bolted out.. "Get off me!" One student punched one pixie "Now what are we supposed to do?" Ron asked as he slapped one away with a book. "That man is an idiot" Harry growled "Don't insult him!" Hermione replied "He's probably just trying to give us some hands on experience" "Hands on experience?" Fay repeated "Granger have you gone mental?" "I don't know about 'gone', I assume she was born that way" Harry said as he aimed his wand in the air, a spell shot out of it and the Pixies stopped moving. They froze in midair, floating around the room. The class had gone silent "Harry! That was non-verbal!" Fay exclaimed in shock and awe, looks that were mirrored by the rest of the class "I know" Harry said as he lowered his wand "it was my spell after all" "When did you learn non-verbal casting?" Dean Thomas, a Gryffindor boy asked "Last summer" Harry shrugged "You can't have, it's a sixth year skill, there's no way you could have learnt that in a single summer on your own" Hermione Granger said "No way you could've" Harry replied "some of us are actually smart Granger" "Harry" Delphi said before the two could start arguing "someone might want to get Neville down" "Fine" Harry sighed, he aimed his wand at Neville then slowly levitated the boy down from the chandiller "Thanks Harry" Neville's voice was soft and quiet, he looked like he wanted to say something but stopped himself. "You're welcome now if you excuse me, I'm off" "Wait a minute" Hermione said as Harry began to make his way out "what about the pixies?" "What about them?" Harry asked "You have to help us put them away" "Do I?" Harry asked "I'm pretty sure I don't. I stopped them, that's my contribution. You want to put them back then do it yourselves" Harry left the room with Delphi, Daphne and Tracy following him. Soon the rest of the students began walking out, leaving just Hermione to put away all the pixies. "That was horrible" Delphi sighed "Yep, it's also about to get worse, where's my galleon?" Harry held his hand out "I don't have it on me" Delphi sighed "Fine, don't worry about it, Shadow's currently in our room and taking one from your money box. You shouldn't have left it open by the way" "What?!" Dumbledore was in his office, deep in thought. The last few days he had noticed that the Slytherin behaviour had seemed to be just like last time except worse, they all seemed utterly terrified of Harry. He had read one of their minds and was horrified at Harry's brutal and merciless attack on Draco Malfoy. Dumbledore could understand disliking the boy and getting revenge in some humorous prank like James Potter would have done, but this was far too much. Harry was powerful, that could not be denied. As of the moment Dumbledore was still confident that he could beat him but that could change soon with the rate of progress that the boy was making. When he get's the opportunity then he will check with the other professors and discuss the boy's progress. Harry had seemed to take a sadistic sort of enjoyment when he was hurting Malfoy and forcing Parkinson to kiss Malfoy's burnt face, the sort of sadistic enjoyment that Bellatrix was famous for possessing. Oh there were stories about how she would laugh as she put her victims under the cruciatus curse, it appears that she was having a negative effect on Harry. He needed to find some way to get him away from her, for others Harry might be unredeemable and unchangeable. Not for Albus Dumbledore. Dumbledore saw Harry as a young child, one that could be trained and taught the difference between right and wrong. Dumbledore still held hope in the possibility of turning Harry towards the light side. He needed Harry to turn to the light, the world needed Harry to turn to the light. Harry needs to be the one to stop Voldemort but it could be disastrous if Harry was dark when he stopped him. Harry could use his power and influence and take over as the new dark lord. Dumbledore absolutely could not let that happen. "Headmaster" One portrait said "I saw Filius and the Potter from my other frame, they're coming and they'll be here in about ten seconds" "Thank you" Dumbledore nodded before he waited about nine seconds "come in" He said, he held back a laugh when he heard Filius groan. He loved doing that. The door opened to reveal Filius enter alongside a bored Harry Potter. "Come in, take a seat" Harry sighed and sat down "Now Harry, I am told that you refuse to go to Lockhart's lessons" "I am not wasting my time with an imbecile who can't teach and feels the need to compliment himself every few moments" "Ah" Dumbledore sighed "I can understand that" "I had to take a test where I was asked what his favourite colour is" Harry pointed out "unless there was some riddle or clue in that that would have taught me a spell after working it out. Though I doubt that. Dude's just a dumbass. Also Lilac, who the hell picks Lilac as their favourite colour?" "Mr Potter, I can understand" Dumbledore said sympathetically "I do, but I couldn't find anyone willing to take up the job besides Lockhart." "Then you could've had teachers take turns taking over the lessons, better yet I could've taught the first few years, I'd certainly do a better job than that prat. Look, I don't know anything about running a school. Maybe there are some reasons you have for keeping the fool around but I don't care for them. I'll study in the library and learn defence on my own" "Mr Potter, again, I understand. But you can't just skip classes, if you do it then other students will do it." "Not my problem" Harry shrugged "Mr Potter, please be reasonable" Dumbledore sighed, looking very tired "I am being reasonable, you get a better teacher and I return to lessons, you don't then I learn on my own. You don't see me refusing to attend Professor Flitwick's lessons, because he can actually teach" "Thank you Mr Potter" Flitwick smiled "You're welcome, now if there isn't anything else" Harry said as he stood up "Not at the moment, though I have to let you know that I'm aware of your little trip at the start of the year" Dumbledore said, informing Harry he knew about Harry's last time in the Slytherin common room "Oh?" Harry smiled "Did you enjoy my little show" "Your show?" Flitwick asked "It's nothing important sir, wouldn't you agree Dumbledore?" Harry replied, looking at Dumbledore "Filius, do you mind if me and Mr Potter have a few moments alone?" Dumbledore asked, not really wanting to get into this with Filius listening in "I mind" Harry said "I am not being left in a room with just you." "Mr Potter, please trust that I will not harm you in anyway" "You also trusted Snape and McGonagall" Harry reminded him "the first one tried to mind rape me and got sent to Azkaban, the second abused the memory of my parents and I turned her into a crying wreck. Let's not take chances. Goodbye Dumbledore" Harry turned and walked out A.N: Hi guys, hope you enjoyed the chapter. I just wanted to address a review I had gotten about making all my versions of Harry smart and unbeatable. Now as much as I hate to admit it, the person has a point and I do that. Though, I have to be honest I do like doing it, (partly because it is a little therapeutic now that you mention it) but also because I just love powerful Harry Potter fics though I promise I will try to do better in the future. However I want to point out something, in this story Harry will not be an OP/god-like character who can beat anyone. He is smarter than pretty much everyone but that's just how I'm doing his character. I have made Harry powerful, he is more powerful than the other characters. He will be challenged and have to work hard in his future fights, I would say roughly about fourth year (or the summer before depending on how I decide to do the story) he will start fighting people who can match his power and even a few better than him. He's the strongest student in Hogswarts, but Hogwarts's doesn't contain all the people in the world, that's all I'm going to say. Thanks again for reading, to the reviewer I mentioned I just want to say I appreciate your criticism for two reasons. One you weren't being a dick (or at least I hope you weren't trying to be a dick) and two because you gave me genuine advice that you thought was helpful. Thank you. I hope you all enjoyed the chapter and feel free to leave a review.
Chapter 15 - "Fine" Harry sighed in annoyance, Shadow who was sat on his shoulder had made a noise that suggested he was also in a similar mood to his master. Currently Harry found himself being in the common room helping Delphi with her homework, by helping he meant trying to explain the bloody thing "okay look, it's really simple. The magic forced through your wand will alter the shape and size of the object, the more magic you put in, the more the powerful the change. However, the problem with that is when people focus on power they forget detail and other stuff like that. So stronger lasts longer but technique and skill will make it better, understand?" "I think so" Delphi nodded as she moved onto the next question "just one last question, is this charm supposed to have a counter-clockwise wand movement or clockwise?" "Neither, you just jab it" Harry replied "although some twist their wrists slightly to the right to make it lighter" "Thanks" Delphi smiled as she wrote it down "and I'm done. Thank you Professor Potter" She joked "You're welcome and that's ten point for being an annoying little idiot" "You're mean" Delphi frowned, not really hurt by his words, he says similar things every day "You're unobservant if you've only just noticed." Harry now frowned, wondering if he should take her to get checked at the hospital wing for memory charms Tom Riddle AKA Voldemort, or at least the piece of his soul inside the diary that Ginny Weasley was holding, was quite excited. He had managed to get control over the girl, sadly he had to spend a lot of time listening to the silly little creature babble and go on and on about mean brothers, school and how she had a crush on the boy-who-lived and then saw how he wasn't anything like he expected. The last part interested him. The boy-who-lived, that's what they called him, a boy who had apparently defeated the future version of himself while only being a baby. He had doubts, he was a great wizard so it was unlikely that he was defeated by a mere infant. However, that wasn't to say that the Potter boy didn't interest him, he still wanted to know what happened. Also he remembered the girls description of him, a boy who would apparently look quite handsome if not for the burn and scratch marks on his face. A prodigy who was the best in nearly every subject, yes, yes he would keep an eye on him. Anyway he had to focus, he had control of the girl for a limited amount of time, if he was going to release the basilisk then he had better it quick. He got into the chamber of secrets, or he had the girl go in there if you want to be more accurate, he had just entered the chamber. He walked up to the giant statue of Slytherin. "Speak to me Slytherin, greatest of the four" Tom, through Ginny's body, spoke in parsletounge. A few seconds later the mouth opened and the basilisk slithered out, Tom kept the girl's eyes closed. Annoying as she is, she was valuable for the moment "Who are you?" The basilisk asked, deciding if it should eat the little girl in front of it "I am Lord Voldemort, I am speaking through the mind of this girl. I had you attack a girl years ago, now it is time to finish the job. Go and kill" "No" "What do you mean no?!" Tom hissed "It means no, I do not serve you. My allegiance belongs to someone else" "Who?!" Tom demanded "That'd be me dipshit" A voice called, Tom's/Ginny's head turned around quickly and saw a boy standing there. Tom recognised who it was, he could tell by the burns. "Ah, Harry Potter" "Hello, you're not the Weasley girl are you?" Harry responded in parsletounge, shocking Tom, he then continued in normal English "Or maybe you are and puberty has just fucked up you voice?" "You dare to talk to me like that?" "You're in an eleven year old's body, you look about as threatening as...well an eleven year old. Now shut it, I'm deducing. You're not a metamorphamaugus or shape shifter, are you? No, you would've changed back the second you thought you were alone. You're not using poly juice either, your eyes are read while the rest of you looks the same. You're not her evil twin are you?" "You don't know who I am, do you?" Tom sneered, though it wasn't quite as effective while using the face of an elven year old girl "Foolish child, I am Lord Voldemort" "Really?" Harry's eyes widened slightly "Not how I pictured us meeting if I'm honest, I expected you to be taller." "Make your jokes" Tom/Ginny's hand went for the wand in her pocket, but it was ripped away the second it was picked up "You forgot Voldie" Harry said as he caught the wand "You might be a great fighter, but you're currently in an the body of an eleven year old. That means the same speed and reactions of an elven year old." "You will pay for this Potter!" Tom growled "Not today" Harry yawned "I'm tired" Harry lazily shot a stunner which knocked Ginny out, he walked over and picked up the book that she held "hey, do us a favour and bite this" Harry said to the Basilisk as he tossed the book up in the air, the basilisk quickly bit down on the book in mid-air. Before spitting it out, leaving it to lie on the floor. "Thanks" Harry said before he burnt the remains. He aimed his wand at Ginny's head. Ginny Weasley yawned as she woke up in her bed, she didn't really remember going to sleep, ah well, she's awake now. Ginny got up and began her day, not knowing or remembering the fact that she no longer had a diary. "Now gather around people" Lockhart said as he stood on top of the duelling platform in the hall, Harry had originally been pretty excited about a duelling club and actually willingly attended the damn thing. His rare show of enthusiasm was stomped down quickly, viciously and without mercy when he realised that Lockhart was the one in charge of it. "I will pay you anything" Harry whispered to Delphi "let me kill him" "Can you all see me?" Lockhart asked "Good, now I have permission from Dumbledore to start this little duelling club" "I will kill him too" Harry vowed to himself under his breath "Now assisting me with this today is Professor Flitwick" Lockhart gestured to Professor Flitwick who walked up to the Platform and waved at everyone, even though some people struggled to see him from the back "he'll be assisting me in a 'short' demonstration today" Lockhart said, Flitwick didn't show any outward effect from Lockhart making fun of his height other than a slight tightening of his wand hand "don't worry, you'll still have our charms Professor once I'm done" Lockhart winked and smiled and Harry was fighting every part of his being that commanded he yell the words 'kill him' or do the deed himself. Lockhart and Flitwick bowed to each other, they turned and took ten paces away before getting into duelling positions. Lockhart's position was pretty ridiculous and not very effective, while Flitwick's position reduced his target area by standing sideways and allowed for him to shoot spells quickly, showing he really was a former duelling champion. "One" Lockhart began counting "two...three!" "Expelliarmus!" Flitwick yelled and a beam shot from his wand and hit Lockhart dead centre in the chest, Lockhart flew back just as his wand flew out of his hands and he landed with a heavy thump. "He's still alive" Harry groaned "I wanted one thing today" "Stop complaining" Delphi elbowed him "Why should I?" Harry said as he lazily slapped Delphi on the back of the head "Ah, thank you Professor Flitwick" Lockhart said as he stood up and picked up his wand, he walked with that annoying smile "thank you for demonstrating but I think it was rather obvious what you were doing and all too easy to stop you if I had wanted to" "Well why don't we do it again and you can stop me this time?" Flitwick suggested with a small yet challenging time "W...well, maybe later, we don't have much time as of the moment" Lockhart said before turning to the students "now pair up and begin practising" "Where are you going?" Harry said as he grabbed Delphi who tried to walk away "W...well I was hoping to practise with someone else" Delphi admitted "Why?" Harry asked with a knowing look "Well, other than the fact that I don't fancy getting blasted across the room, I think it'd be good for you to interact with other people." "I talk to you, Shadow, Fay and two Slytherin girls, how is that not enough?" "Just try Harry" Delphi sighed "Fine" Harry sighed back before he slapped her on the back of the head and walked off "And stop hitting me" She called after him "No" He said absently without looking at her, his focus was on trying to find someone to partner with, Delphi had partnered up with Fay while Daphne and Tracy partnered up together, the Slytherin's were too scared to even look at him and he was soon going to find himself without a partner. Damn social interactions. "Don't have a partner yet" A familiar voice said "Not of yet Granger" Harry bit back a groan "You can partner with me then" "If I must" Harry sighed as he turned to face Granger who looked quite confident, he and Granger took out their wands "alright, you go first then" "Fine" She said with a small smile "expelliarmus" A smaller beam than Flitwick's flew out her wand and hit Harry's hand, causing the wand to drop out of his hand "Not bad if I do say so myself" "Meh" Harry shrugged as he picked up his wand "What do you mean meh?!" Hermione demanded "Could be better, it was alright, that type of stuff" Harry answered as he returned to his position "I'd like to see you do better" Hermione said in a challenging voice "Careful what you wish for" Harry said before sending the spell at Hermione, non-verbally, the spell hit her and she went flying backwards as her wand went flying out of her hand. And into Harry's hand, he looks up to realise that he had accidently sent Granger right into Millicent Bulstrode, Millicent looked at him, almost pleading for permission. Harry, being the responsible and kind person that he was, nodded and conjured a chair for himself to sit in. No sooner than the second before his bum had landed on the chair, Bulstrode and Granger began fighting. Well...it was more Millicent pulling Granger into a head lock and trying to rip out her hair. This had somehow sparked the other Gryffindor's and Slytherin's to fight with each other, Harry saw Ron and Draco get in a few good hits on each other. Harry barely noticed when Delphi appeared by his side with Tracy and Daphne behind her. "Huh" Delphi let out a long sigh "next time I'll be your damn partner" "If it leads to chaos like this then you are bloody forgiven" Harry grinned as he watched Harry bit his tongue to stop the string of swear words he wanted to unleash, it was Valentines day, not a day that Harry really cared for. But someone, someone with an annoying smile and more make up than all the seventh years, decided that it would be fun to dress up the castle and just generally make everything pick. Harry barely liked the castle as it is but now Lockhart had made it worse somehow. The prat had also hired some little dwarfs to sing out songs for people. A few people had been thoroughly embarrassed by the songs, boys and girls alike. One even tried to approach Harry at lunch. "Oi" The dwarf called as he walked towards Harry " 'Arry Potter'" Harry just ignored him and walked off, he had no interest in listening to people or dwarfs sing. Especially with voices as horrible as their own, it was bad enough that he had to endure Delphi. He also wondered who had sent him a valentines card, he knew it wasn't Delphi, Fay, Tracy or Daphne. He remembered threatening to burn their hair off if they did and they seemed to like their hair so that crossed them off the list. He briefly wondered if Fleur had sent one for him, but he doubted that she even liked him like that. Even if she did, which he doubted, she always sends all of her letters with Shadow and she doesn't even know that Lockhart set this up. In fact she doesn't even know Lockhart. 'Lucky girl' He thought with a lot of jealousy Now that he thought about it, it was probably the youngest Weasley. He knew she was one of the many fan girls who were beginning to realise that he was no story book hero. If he had to guess, this was probably a last ditch effort to see if it works. "Oi! Stop!" The dwarf chased after him and Harry's limited patience was running out "Potter! I said stop you little brat! Stop right now or..." The dwarf got his wish when Harry did stop, his foot slammed on the ground and a curtain of wind rose up around him. He slowly turned around and eyed the dwarf with a deadly stare, his green eyes blazing with his hair swaying in the rather violent wind around him. If this was an anime then the background would've turned red and jagged lines would appear around him. "Do...you...need something?" Harry asked in a deadly voice that sent shivers up the spines of any nearby Slytherin's, the dwarf suddenly looked very scared and realised that it was perhaps not the best idea "W...well...I...you have a valentine" The dwarf stuttered as he took a few steps back "Do you happen to have a death wish to go along with that valentine?" Harry's voice was unnervingly calm "N...no, not really" "Then turn around, walk away and move to our next customer because if you approach me again then I will rip your heart out and feed it to my raven before I go around and kill your dwarf brethren and use their bodies for rituals and spell experimentation. Do we have an understanding?" Harry never got his answer as the dwarf ran off, though he guessed that the answer was yes. His attention was then brought to the sound of clapping, he turned to see Fay, Tracy, Daphne and Delphi clapping at him. "Nicely done" Daphne said "very terrifying" "Yeah well..." Harry was about to respond when Shadow flew towards him and handed him a letter "thanks boy" Harry said as he opened the envelope and read it. "What is it?" Delphi asked "Fleur is wishing me a happy valentines day" Harry answered as he read over the card "Oh, that's so adorable!" Delphi squealed "Is that why you didn't want any cards? Reserving yourself for Fleur?" "Shadow attack" Harry commanded and Shadow launched at Delphi and began pecking her head while Harry took out some parchment and wrote his reply. Once Shadow was done assaulting Delphi, Harry handed it to him and he took off. A little while later, in Beuaxbaton academy a girl cried into her pillow with joy as she read the response that Harry had given her.
Chapter 16- "And that's all for third years" Dumbledore said as he hosted another meeting between himself and the teachers to discuss the daily progress of students, Lockhart wasn't here for some reason, Dumbledore supposed he'd have to talk to him about missing meetings the next time he saw him "and now on to second years. Does anyone want to go first?" "Well apart from a few minor arguments, my house is perfectly fine" Sprout smiled "as for my lessons, I think Neville Longbottom is probably my best student. The boy's a natural when it comes to the subject, he seems to have a real love for plants" "That is wonderful" Dumbledore smiled "Yes" Flitwick nodded "it's a shame the boy isn't as confident in his other lessons" "Indeed" Minerva nodded "his transfiguration work is barely passing, though his lack of confidence is understandable when he has Augusta Longbottom breathing down his neck. As for me, my Gryffindor's seem fine as far as I can see. My favourite is Hermione Granger, such a studious girl, always asking questions and is never misbehaving. As for my class...despite her hard work...Mr Potter is the best" "Is he?" Dumbledore asked "Yes Dumbledore, his work is always perfect and he is now doing everything non-verbally" "Non-verbally?" Dumbledore raised an eyebrow "I thought you knew" McGonagall frowned "I had heard rumours of it, but I wasn't sure if it was true." Dumbledore admitted, and it was true because he was rather busy this year between his duties as Chief Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, headmaster and trying to discreetly find someone to take in Harry Potter so he would be free from Bellatrix's influence. Though just as he said it, he did recall Harry's use of wandless and non-verbal magic when attacking the Slytherin's, though he didn't think it was best to bring that up. "Oh it's definitely true" Flitwick grinned "he's been doing it all year, I had asked him where he learnt it and he said he read it in a book" "A book?" Slughorn asked "Yes, in his own words, he said 'I learnt that people can silent cast and I had found a book on how to do it, and there is no way in hell that I am going to be wasting time learning Latin just to learn how to not use it when I'm older and you lot finally get around to teaching silent casting'". "He makes a good point" Dumbledore frowned "but usually most people struggle with it at such a young age, that's why we wait until they are older." "That's fair Albus, but young Harry is far from a regular student" Slughorn replied "the boy is currently working at a fourth year level in my class" "Fourth year?" Sprout repeated with shock "Yes" Slughorn nodded proudly "in fact, the boy is a natural and has already made some improvements to existing potions" "Improvements?" McGonagall asked "Oh yes, the boy studied the ingredients and how they were made along with their purpose, he then made a few minor changes. For example, a potion designed to heal burnt skin would take about two hours to make usually, but young Mr Potter managed to get it down to an hour and twenty minutes and his potion was still the best. I've actually documented his changes on various potions and sent it to the British Potions Committee, I expect them to release an article about it tomorrow." "No offence to Mr Potter but why hasn't these improvements been discovered by someone much more experienced and older?" Sprout asked "Well my dear, we magical folk often get lazy" Slughorn shrugged "when we have something that we think works fine then we leave it at that. I can't remember the last time we had a new invention appear, new inventions pop up all the time in the muggle word, most of us are just fine with the status quo. Anyway, back to Mr Potter, I think if the boy is agreeable then we can have him do his owl exams early" "Now Horace, I understand your enthusiasm" Dumbledore said "but I don't believe that to be the best option" "Why not headmaster?" Flitwick frowned "I was in fact going to suggest the boy take his charms exam early as well, the boy is unnaturally gifted. He's smart, intelligent and he understands higher year magic better than some of the higher years. We'd be doing him a disservice by holding him back." "Again, I understand, but we do not want to isolate Mr Potter anymore from his peers. He is young, he should be given some time to enjoy his childhood." "Albus, the boy is horribly scarred and hates being here" Flitwick pointed out "I think he would enjoy his childhood a lot more when he's not forced to come to school for ten months. If we do allow him to take his owls and newts early then the boy could set records" "Filius, the boy needs to learn to make friends. That won't happen if we are seen favouring the boy" "You two do favour him a bit" McGonagall agreed "Ah, this coming from the woman who, according to rumours, refuses to let him answer questions in our class and ignores him in favours of letting Miss Granger and everyone else answer?" Slughorn shot back and a look of shock appeared on her face "I'm a Slytherin dear, I know where and how to hear the right rumours. Apparently you two have a mutual dislike of each other, something about you using James and Lily against him" "Horace" Albus said in a warning tone "What?" Horace asked innocently "Horace you know very well that..." Albus was interrupted by a knock on the door "enter" He said, wondering who it was. "Am I interrupting?" Harry's head popped in "Mr Potter, we are having a meeting" McGonagall said "So I'm not? Brilliant" Harry said brightly before he kicked the door open "Mr Potter!" McGonagall was about to stand up but stopped just as she saw him walk through the door with Shadow on his shoulder and his wand aimed at Lockhart's unconscious body which was floating behind him "Oh my" She gasped "I assume this belongs to one of you" Harry said before he flicked his wand and Lockhart's body landed on the headmaster's desk. Now that they got a good look at him, they noticed that the lower part of his legs and his right hand were burnt and his face was bloody and bruised, he was also missing a few teeth. "Mr Potter! What is the meaning of this?!" McGonagall beat Dumbledore by about a second, the Professors all turned to the spot where Harry was supposed to be only to find out that he is no longer standing there. They look around for a few seconds before they see him with his head in the fireplace, making a fire call to someone. "Huh" Harry sighed as he removed his head, he then turned to look at all the Professors who were looking at him with a shock on their faces "oh I'm sorry, is there a charge for using the fireplace?" They're response was cut off by the floo network flaring and three aurors walked in to the office "over there" Harry pointed to Lockhart "Merlin kid, what did you do to him?!" One of the aurors exclaimed "I burnt his legs and punched his face in" Harry answered honestly "I think I was very well restrained all things considered" "Oh sweet Morgana, that's Lockhart!" Another auror said after a closer look "This'll be on the front page soon, boy-who-lived beats up Gilderoy Lockhart" "Just make sure they get my good side" Harry commented, bringing the attention back to him "now are one of you going to take my statement anytime soon?" "Alright" The oldest looking auror, and the one in charge, said "you two take Lockhart to St Mungo's, keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't escape. I will interview Mr Potter, contact me if anything happens" "You got it boss" The aurors nodded and picked Lockhart up using a levitation charm "Also, you may want to check between his legs" Harry suggested "Why would we do that?" The lead auror asked "I was very annoyed" Was Harry's answer "very annoyed, I also have feet. Not a good combination" the other two aurors shared a brief glance before they took Lockhart away "Now Mr Potter" The remaining auror said to Harry "Excuse me" Dumbledore interrupted "but can I ask what is happening?" "Did you not know?" The auror looked surprised, he then turned to Harry "They would've taken too long and I don't have the patience to explain it to everyone twice" Harry said "Fine" The auror turned to Dumbledore "Mr Potter had contacted us and told us that Lockhart tried to rape him" "What?!" The staff burst out in shock "Well he didn't succeed" Harry shrugged "you can tell because he still has balls...though I can't promise that they work now" "Mr Potter, perhaps you should tell us what happened" Dumbledore said, even thought it was more of a command than a suggestion "I didn't know you were an auror?" Harry raised an eyebrow "I am not an auror" Dumbledore replied "Then I don't really have to tell you anything" "I am the headmaster of this school" Dumbledore pointed out "and when it comes to matters of student safety, I have the right to..." "Alright, alright, Merlin you drone on" Harry rolled his eyes "anyway, I am telling the auror over here, and if he wants to tell you then fine. Let's go Mr Auror" Harry gestured and the auror followed him out of the room "What's up?" Harry asked as he sat down next to Delphi the next day at breakfast "The fuck is this?!" Delphi gestured to the newspaper in her hand "It's a newspaper Delphi, you see newspapers are used for..." "I know what a newspaper is!" Delphi snapped "What I mean is why does the headline say 'Harry Potter breaks Lockhart's balls during attempted rape'?" "I believe that's because I broke his balls when he attempted to rape me" Harry said as he piled some food on his plate while leaving out the usual portion for Shadow who jumped off his shoulder and started eating "Harry!" Daphne and Tracy sat down opposite him "Are you alright?!" Daphne asked "Well, I'm a little tired and today is a Monday so I have to deal with McGonagall and I don't look forward to that" Harry shrugged "Harry! Lockhart tried to rape you!" Tracy exclaimed "And you're acting like it doesn't bother you!" "You've seen me in the Slytherin common room, do you think Lockhart of all people would be a threat to me?" Harry looked at the three of them like they were idiots. Tracy and Daphne took a moment to look at each other and communicate without talking in a way that only best friends can "Fair point" They said before they gave him a smile and walked back to the Slytherin table "What actually happened?" Delphi asked "Well...it went like this... "You wanted to see me sir?" Harry asked in a bored voice as he entered Lockhart's office, he found Lockhart sitting at his desk and doing nothing over than signing autographs "Ah, Harry, just the boy I wanted to see" Lockhart said jovially "take a seat" He gestured to the seat opposite him. Harry sighed and sat down "So...how can I help you?" Harry asked "Well Harry, you haven't come to any of my lessons this year apart from the first one" Lockhart said "at first I thought that it was because you were just nervous because you were in the presence of a celebrity like myself, but you still haven't attended after so long." "It's rather simple" Harry said "I don't want to attend your lessons" "Why ever not?" Lockhart seemed to actually not be able to understand "I mean why wouldn't you want to be in a lesson with me? I mean, there's nothing wrong with me, is there?" "I have a list under my bed, would you like me to fetch it for you?" Harry asked, and he meant it, his list had currently reached ninety-nine "Oh, such a joker" Lockhart laughed "you love me, I can tell" "Sir, have you ever heard of constructive criticism?" Harry asked "Yes" Lockhart nodded "Yeah well that's used by people who want to try and be nice, I have no such problems, so I will tell you exactly what I think of your lessons. I think they're stupid as a troll and about as useful as nail cutter for a man without limbs. You don't teach anything, it's just a rather sad attempt to get students to buy your books. The worst part is the fact that you are absolutely not subtle about it at all, also you can't teach for shit and I could do magic better than you before I even came to this bloody school" "N...now Harry" Lockhart stuttered in shock at the rather blunt words of the man "come now, I...I mean, we're both celebrities, both loved by the British nation and many others. We could work together, really boost our fame. Just think of all the money and benefits we could get" "With no respect at all, I'd rather French-kiss a skunk in front of his wife than work with you. Now if you'll excuse me" "I think not" Lockhart pulled out his wand "Oh? What are you going to do?" Harry asked with some amusement "Go on Lockhart, I'll give you one free shot, better make it count" "Oh I will" Lockhart said confidently, he shot a spell at the chair that Harry sat in and Harry found his arms and legs strapped to the chair's arms and legs "do you like that? It's a special chair I got from my travels in Germany" "That would be in the story where you fought off a cave of fire demons?" Harry asked, not the lest bit scared "You have read my books?" Lockhart blinked "Yes well I do need a laugh every now and then" Harry replied "the continuity errors kept me up at night. No, I read a few of your books hoping at least one was good, after I realised they were all equally crap I just used them to make fires and wipe my arse." Lockhart growled a little but Harry continued "Plus totally unrealistic, there's no way someone like you could fight vampires and werewolves and escape torture. No, no, you're too clean. Too happy and bright to be someone who's been fighting monsters and villains" "You're very clever Harry" Lockhart said as he stood and walked over to the other side of the desk "no wonder you were in Ravenclaw, my old house, did you know that?" "And now I feel sick" Harry groaned "I hope to merlin that the room I sleep in was never yours because I'd burn it down it was" "You're right Harry, I didn't do those feats. I'm not the most skilled at magic" Lockhart confessed "Most skilled? You haven't even reach 'skilled' yet" "But the one thing I can do" Lockhart decided to ignore Harry "is memory charms." "Oh" Harry said as realisation hit him "Ah I see you've worked it out. Yes, it wasn't all easy, I had to track these people down, get their stories and obliviate them of doing so" "Ha" Harry laughed "oh sweet Morgana, Granger's going to have a break down when she hears of this" "Fortunately, she won't" Lockhart replied as he raised his wand "I'm going to obliviate you of this knowledge...though...I don't suppose I have to do it right now." Lockhart placed his wand on his desk "You know Harry, you're quite an attractive lad" "I beg your pardon?" Harry immediately stopped laughing and tried to process what he just heard "Oh it's true, I assure you. You have a nice 'bad-boy' image, plus if you add the brains and many a people find scars attractive. You're also young, full of energy I reckon. And if I'm honest, I haven't had it months" Lockhart placed his right hand on Harry's leg "Are you doing what I think you're doing?" Harry looked at Lockhart with disbelief "Shush Harry" Lockhart whispered, his hand slowly moved up Harry's leg "you've been a very naughty boy, I think I should punish you" "Forgive me but...the fuck?!" "And once I'm done" Lockhart's hand grabbed Harry's belt "perhaps I should see your friend, Delphi" "What?" Harry asked, his face going blank "Such a pretty girl" Lockhart smiled "lovely blonde hair and the pretty blue tips, simply magnificent." "Mr Lockhart" Harry said in a calm voice "Yes?" Lockhart looked up "Look at your hand" Harry said and Lockhart did so "now look back at me" Lockhart did so again "now look back at your hand and then back to me, I'm not your hand, I'm pissed off. Now one last question, do you know what I do to people like you?" "No, what?" "Burn" Harry smiled evilly. Lockhart was about to respond when he felt something grab his hand, he looked down and saw that Harry had somehow managed to get both of his arms free without him noticing, and his left hand had grabbed on to Lockhart's right while Harry's right reached for his own wand. Harry headbutted Lockhart right in the nose, causing the man to stumble back as his hands went up to his broken nose. Harry removed his wand, Lockhart reached for his own wand with his right hand only for a jet of flame to burn his hand and the wand. Lockhart screamed in pain as Harry used his wand to release himself from the chair, Lockhart tried to run but fell to the floor in even more pain when flames began attacking the lower half of his legs. Harry casually walked over and stomped on Lockhart's left leg, causing indescribable agony for the man. Harry shot some ropes out of his wand and they tied up the top half of Lockhart's body. "So" Harry said as he put out the flames on both Lockhart and the desk before he placed his wand on a non-burnt part of the desk "you were going to rape me and then Delphi?" Harry's voice was a fictional calm "No! No I wasn't!" Lockhart was going to go on but then suddenly found Harry's foot crashing in-between his legs "I'm sure" Harry said dryly before he kicked him again, several times in fact "S...stop..." Lockhart sobbed "Please stop!" "Continue? If you say so" Harry kicked him three more times, he slowly took a few steps forward and checked the ropes that were keeping Lockhart tied up. They seemed fine to him, Harry moved over to the desk and picked up a pile of books "ah look...the works of Gilderoy Lockhart, we have the time you thought a yeti...boring" Harry said before tossing the first book and having it bounce off of Lockhart's face "there's your adventures with the Vampires" Harry tossed the second book and this time it hit Lockhart in the side of his face "oh and here's your adventures with the evil spirits of Pompeii" Harry chucked the book at Lockhart, hitting him dead on his broken nose. Harry laughed as he chucked several more books at Lockhart. "P...please H...harry...p...p...please stop!" Lockhart begged "You want me to stop?" Harry asked, Lockhart nodded quickly "Hmm, I'd best hurry up then" Harry walked over and placed his left knee on top of Lockhart's chest, he then punched him in the face "this is going to hurt Lockhart, you'll live, I promise...but you won't be the same once I'm done" Harry punched him again. Harry began pouring punches upon Lockhart's face, by the time he was done it was hard to find a spot on Lockhart's face that wasn't damaged. Harry wiped some blood off using Lockhart's robes, he then took his own wand and got rid of it. "Fucking idiot" Harry cursed under his breath, he aimed his wand at Lockhart "obliviate" "I can't believe it" Delphi put her hands over her mouth as tears filled her eyes once Harry had finished "he was going to do that to me?" "Yeah" Harry said after a deep breath "And you stopped him? For me?" "For both of us really...but yes, for you. You may annoy me a lot but I do care about you, you're like my little sister Del" "Oh Harry!" She hugged him from the side and began crying into his shoulder "O...kay...tears...don't know how to deal with that" Harry said to himself, he gingerly placed an arm over Delphi's shoulder, he waited several moments for her to finish up. "T...thank you" She said after letting him go "Anytime Del" Harry said7 "You're not in trouble are you?" Delphi asked as she wiped her eyes "No, because I removed the part of me beating Lockhart up from his memory" Harry replied "as far as everyone else is concerned, including Lockhart, I escaped and me and Lockhart got into a mini-duel and Lockhart doesn't remember a lot of it because he hit his head. I'll be fine because his memory is gone and I can't be questioned under veritaserum because I'm a minor and the courts don't like to use pensive memories. So as far as everyone else is concerned I didn't just tell you that I unnecessarily beat him up" "Hey, just because I act dumb doesn't mean I don't know when to be smart" Delphi replied "besides, you're the good guy here in my opinion, I know you held back with Lockhart" "Yeah well...apparently murdering idiots is illegal" Harry shrugged in a 'what can you do?' way "Disappointing" Delphi frowned "though I am quite glad that it is because there would be a lot more dead bodies". "Yeah well I..." Harry stopped and began thinking about it for several seconds "okay fair enough" "Dumbledore!" A voice shouted, everyone in the hall turned to see a collection of parents, including Bellatrix walking up to the headmaster "Shit!" Delphi's eyes went wide "Quick!" Harry got to his feet and pulled Delphi up "They might ask you questions" "Why would they do that? I wasn't even there" "You are my friend and they might suspect me of telling you something or ask you about Lockhart, now hurry, we need to quickly go and get our fucking stories straight so you know what to tell them when they ask what you know" "You're right" Delphi nodded and the two ran, though Harry stopped and quickly went back and picked up Shadow and a bit of food for himself, he hadn't eaten yet after all. A.N: Hi guys, hope you enjoyed the chapter. I wanted to add Fleur into this chapter but I had to make it rather quickly, so I'm placing her in the next chapter. Thanks for reading, feel free to review.
Chapter 17: "Harry! Delphi!" Bella brought the two into a crushing hug "Oh I missed you!" "Really?" Harry drawled as he felt what he was sure was his ribs being crushed "Oh look at you two!" Bellatrix cooed as she let go and looked between them "oh Delphi, your hair is brilliant, and you've become so cute!" "Thank you mother" Delphi let out a small smile, as she was currently between embarrassed at the attention and happy her mother loved her so much "And you Harry" Bellatrix looked him over "you're looking so handsome!" "Are you drunk?" Harry blinked "No, you've really gotten quite handsome" She replied "Are you referring to just the one half of my face?" Harry pointed to the side of his face without the burn mark, it was the least damaged part of his face after all "No, you're become really handsome" Bellatrix insisted "you have a nice 'hurt but strong' look on you" "Okay, how lovely, we'll continue this conversation never, now what happened with Dumbledore? And how did you get all these parents to agree to marching down Hogwarts?" "Oh I didn't" Bellatrix grinned "I just came here myself and met them outside, apparently we all had the same idea." "And how did it go?" Delphi asked "Brilliant. We all each spent a few minutes trying to break the headmaster's ear drums with our voices. Then after the old goat apologised for a few minutes and most of them pretty much told him that if a thing like this happened again then it would be the last time it happened." "No hexing? No cursing? No spell fire?" Harry asked, a little disappointed "No" Bellatrix sighed, also disappointed "it was close a few times...I got hopeful once or twice...but no" "That's a shame, anyway I..." "Lestrange" A voice called, the three turned to see an old woman wearing a green dress, holding a red handbag and had a weird hat with a vulture on top of it. Neville was standing next to her and both seemed to be glaring at Bellatrix "what exactly are you doing with Mr Potter?" "Dowager Longbottom" Bellatrix said, doing her best to keep her voice normal "Mr Potter is a friend of my daughters" "You're her daughter?!" Neville turned to Delphi with shock, as far as the rest of the school was concerned, Delphi was Delphi Riddle, the happy and cheery Ravenclaw, not a single student beyond those she told had learnt her mother's identity. "Yeah" Delphi crossed her arms and nodded, not the least bit embarrassed or ashamed "That's not a problem, is it Longbottom?" Harry took a step forward and everything from his voice to his face and body language was a warning and Neville had barely realised when he took a step back "Ah, Mr Potter" Lady Longbottom, Neville's grandmother, looked towards him "oh, you poor soul" she tutted and her hand reached out and gently cupped the burnt part of his face "poor child" she added, quite sadly. "Get...your hand...off of my face" Harry's voice was slow and dangerous, he as rather pissed off that this woman was touching him without permission and was treating him like a bloody puppy "Poor child" She said once more before removing her hand "my dear, you may not know this but Neville's parents were great friends with your parents. Perhaps you and he can be friends someday" "Okay, I'll think about it" Harry shrugged, hoping it would satisfy the old lady "We'll have to work on your manners dear, you'll also have to learn proper etiquette " Lady Longbottom smiled "don't worry, we have plenty of time for that, I will be glad to teach you" "Why would you teach me?" Harry was rather confused at this point "Because I am going to become your new guardian soon" Lady Longbottom's smile grew bigger, as if she expected him to jump with joy "What?" Was the one worded response from him "Oh, didn't you know" She let out a small laugh "Dumbledore has informed us that he had just sent off some letter's today and soon there will be a court session to decide your guardianship. Naturally I am the best option for you so it's likely that you'll come and live with me and Neville, I'm sure it'll be wonderful. Unlike others..." Lady Longbottom glanced at Bellatrix before turning her attention back on Harry "I am good parental material" "I don't want a guardian" Harry said, his hold on his temper slowly crumbling away "Oh my" She let out another small laugh "my dear you are young, you don't know what's best for yourself" "And you do? A woman I've never met before" Harry replied, fighting back the snarl that was trying to force it's way up "You see, if you were raised by me then you'd be far more respectable" Lady Longbottom glared at Bellatrix "but I understand why, you're parental figures aren't exactly the better members of society." "If you'll excuse us" Bellatrix put a hand on Harry's shoulder before he either verbally smacked her down beyond recovery or burnt that vulture hat "Harry, do you mind walking with me?" Lady Longbottom looked at Bellatrix with disgust and she clearly did not like Bellatrix putting her hand on Harry's shoulder "I'm sure that young Harry would prefer to escort me around Hogwarts" Lady Longbottom said, she then turned to Harry "it would give us a good opportunity to get to know each other" "I'd rather..." "Plus" Lady Longbottom cut off Harry "it would help with you and Neville to get to know each other" "Well I..." As Harry spoke Shadow appeared and landed on his shoulder, Shadow rubbed his head against Harry's, hoping to calm him down, preferably before he commits murder "And what is that?" Lady Longbottom eyed Shadow with barely concealed dislike "That's Harry's familiar, his name is Shadow" Delphi said "Quiet girl!" Lady Longbottom barked "I did not ask you" "Do not talk to my daughter like that" Bellatrix warned, tempted to just stop acting nice and hex the woman in front of her "Like mother like daughter" Lady Longbottom scoffed before turning to Harry "the sooner you are away from these two the better, as for that bird of yours...well I'm sure we can get you a better one" "I beg your pardon?" Harry's head tilted sideways slightly, his voice calm and slow, not betraying the emotions that he was feeling "A raven is hardly an ideal familiar, perhaps we can find you an owl, they are much better. Ah well, it's a problem we can fix later." "Uh...Harry" Delphi said as Harry looked like he was trying to decide how to murder Lady Longbottom "we should go now, I mean it's time to show mum around and we have homework to do" "Right" Harry nodded, rather stiffly "let's go" "Um...Harry" Delphi said, hoping to defuse the situation before Harry started throwing fireballs "we still need to do our homework and take mum on a walk...so maybe we should hurry up" "Probably best" Harry nodded stiffly, he looked like it pained him not to do anything to woman in front of him "let's go Del, Bellatrix. Busy day ahead" Harry turned and walked with Bella and Delphi following him, once they were a sufficient distance away Harry turned to Bellatrix "alright, I have a few questions. First of all, what in the name of sanity was on her head?" "She's always worn that" Bella shrugged in a 'don't ask me' way "Fine, second of all what's her problem?" "Remember, the Lestranges tortured her son and daughter-in-law into vegetables" Bellatrix let out a heavy sigh "they had brought me with them, I didn't do anything to either of them. I just searched the house. I tried to explain to them a hundred times that I didn't want to do anything, that Alice was even one of my friends at school" "Alice? That's Neville's mother?" Delphi asked "Yeah, she was always so nice" Bellatrix had a small smile on her face, though it disappeared a second later "anyway, I tried explaining that I was forced because I was under potions, spells plus that magical contract but they don't believe me." "I'm sorry" Harry said sincerely "but what about the guardian bullshit she was on about?" "Dumbledore did mention that" Bellatrix nodded "from what I understand, he's found some nice 'light' families that are willing to take you in" "I guess that you're still not allowed" Delphi said knowingly "Yep" Bellatrix replied, popping the 'p' "as if they'd let the former death eater look after the boy-who-lived, never mind that she was forced to become one against her will" Bellatrix added that part a bit bitterly "You're still the closest thing I have to a mother...and I'm glad for that" Harry smiled at her, showing a rare bit of emotion "Thank you Harry" Bellatrix gave him a genuine smile and kissed his forehead "So?" Abella, a brunette girl in Fleur's class and Fleur's best friend, asked Fleur as Fleur sat in her seat at dinner "who is he?" "Who?" Fleur blinked "The boy you're interested in" Abella grinned and ten nearby boys suddenly stopped eating and looked at Fleur with hopeful eyes "I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting" Fleur said as she tried her best to hide any emotion she felt "I'm entirely sure that you're entirely sure about what I'm suggesting" Abella responded "you and him have been going back and forth with letters, on Valentine's day I saw you send one to him and I heard you crying with joy later, which I assume happened because he had sent you one." "I did not cry" "Okay, squeal, scream, whichever you prefer" "I did not do those either" Fleur sniffed "Sure you didn't, so who is it?" "Abella" Fleur sighed while others looked on for various reasons, the girls because they were hoping that Fleur having a boyfriend will make their love lives easier and some of the boys because of jealousy "You know I'll get it out of you eventually" Abella smirked "So who is he? Is he in our year?" "No, he is not" Fleur sighed again "Is he older?" "No" "Younger" "..." "Fleur" "Fine, he's younger" "How much younger?" "Three years, and can't you just leave it?" "No, now what's his hair colour? Blonde?" "Black hair" "Eye colour?" "Green" "Green?" Abella blinked "that's unusual, is it attractive?" "I get lost in them" Fleur's eyes widened as the words popped out her mouth before she could stop herself "Whoa, you have it bad" Abella said, and Fleur bit her tongue, such shame that she couldn't share the truth about Veela mates to anyone besides veelas and her mate "what's he like?" "Well...he's smart, very smart" Fleur said, pride growing as she began complimenting her mate "he even taught me some English. His hair is also so messy, I just want to run my hands through it. From what I've heard, he is magically talented. He's a bit quiet too" "Is he good looking?" Abella asked, feasting on Fleur's words like a vampire wood on blood "Not in a traditional way" Fleur answered "his hair and everything about him brings the attention to his eyes, and his eyes are just so powerful and beautiful." Fleur smiled, not noticing that one boy nearby had made a note that said 'get better eyes' "Oh look, the newspaper arrived" Abella said as the newspaper was dropped in front of her by an owl, she picked it up and read the headline "oh look, apparently Harry Potter is in the paper" "What?" Fleur's head snapped towards Abella "You know, the boy-who-lived" Abella rolled her eyes, she then read the headlines and her eyes widened "whoa! His had a busy week." "What happened?" Fleur asked with a little bit of worry "Well, do you know Lockhart?" "That buffoon that had wrote those stories" Fleur answered, restraining herself from just snatching the damn paper "Yeah, well apparently he tried to rape Harry Potter" "What?!" Fleur burst out, shocking her friend and everyone nearby "He was raped?!" Her voice was brimming with anger "No!" Abella squeaked, suddenly felt herself suffering from a large dose of fear "He just tried to" "And?!" Fleur's glare shifted between Abella and the paper itself, like the situation was somehow their faults "Well..." Abella quickly skimmed through it quickly, having an angry veela next to you was very helpful when it came to speed reading "Abella" Fleur's voice was warning "Just a sec...oh here, apparently Harry Potter had escaped...and defeated Lockhart in a duel and...oh, he hurt him really bad. The man had been sent to hospital" "Good" Fleur sniffed. Though internally she was bouncing with joy, her mate was unharmed. Not only that, but her mate was able to defeat an older man in a duel. She filed up with pride, her mate was such a strong wizard. "Anything else?" "Um...well there is the fact that Harry Potter is uninjured..." "Good" Fleur commented, definitely pleased with than information "Um...Lockhart will be sent straight to trial after they get him out of hospital" "Good" Personally Fleur thought that the man should be hung, drawn and quartered for daring to try and harm her mate "what exactly did 'arry do to him?" Fleur still referred to Harry as 'Arry, she knew that Harry was rather fond or at least amused at the way she pronounced his name "Um just give me a sec" Abella scanned the newspaper "okay, that's...whoa." "What is it?" "Well...the boy was quite vicious" "What does that mean?" "Well, he had burnt Lockhart's feet, broke one of the bones in his leg, broke several bones in the man's face, including his nose, and he had..." Abella trailed off and her eyes widened "What?" Fleur asked impatiently, a few other nearby were also listening in and wondering what exactly Harry Potter had done "Um...apparently Harry Potter had broken the man's...balls" "What?" Fleur blinked "Apparently he had broken the man's balls" Abella repeated and the girls nearby widened their eyes with shock while the boys winced and crossed their legs "even more impressive when you consider the fact that he is only twelve" "Good" Fleur smiled, though internally she was laughing to high heaven. Her mate was dangerous. 'I shouldn't like that' Fleur thought 'kind of do though'. "May I have that newspaper?" "Yeah...I'll just take Adrien's" Abella handed Fleur the newspaper before taking a newspaper from a nearby boy "Hey!" The boy complained "Thank you" Fleur said, she was about to stand up when the sound of wings was heard and Shadow landed on the table with a letter in his hand "Ah, Shadow" She smiled, very approving of Harry's choice in familiar, such a lovely bird. "How are you?" Fleur stroked him, Shadow puffed up at the attention from the pretty witch before he extended his leg, showing Fleur the letter that was attached to him "ah, thank you" She took the letter then she handed Shadow some food "A raven?" Abella asked "that's...unique" "The owner is unique" Fleur shrugged "Hold on!" A nearby boy said "why does that letter say 'Potter' on it?" "Potter?!" Abella blinked as she looked at the letter "That's the boy you're interested in?!" She blurted out with shock evident in her voice "Is that a problem?" Fleur narrowed her eyes "No!" Abella quickly backpedalled "Just surprising" "Potter" Another boy scoffed as he looked at picture of Harry Potter on the newspaper "why on earth would you be interested in him? I bet he's probably just a spoilt and rich brat, also look at his face, he's hideous" "Are you really one to talk about looks when you have a face that could disgust a pig?!" Fleur's words combined with a glare that could melt ice had caused the boy to shrink into his seat and look anywhere but at her "That's what I thought, you filthy stain" Fleur stood up and walked off, Shadow flied off after her and landed on her shoulder "Potter!" A different boy hissed "We can't do anything about Potter" Nearly all the boys in school had been after Fleur's attention, whenever one got farther then the others would stop him, it was a constant competition and no boy was going to let any other get ahead "he's in another country, plus he's British!" "Do you really want to?" Abella asked "What do you mean?" One boy asked curiously "Well if you interfere then Fleur is likely to kill you, as for Mr Potter, he sent a grown man to hospital after breaking his balls despite the fact that he's only twelve" The boys winced once again "just saying chose your enemies and fights wisely" Abella stood up and walked off
Chapter 18 - Trial "Come in Mr Potter" Dumbledore said, Flitwick and Harry Potter entered his office. "Please take a seat" Both did so "now Mr Potter, I have no doubt that you've been told but in three days there will be a court session to deal with Gilderoy Lockhart..." "The rapist you hired" Harry couldn't help but point out "Yes, him" Dumbledore sighed "and shortly after that it will be decided who your guardian is" "I don't want a guardian" Harry said as he glared at Dumbledore "and you have no right to force one on me" "Harry, please be reasonable..." "Reasonable?" Harry interrupted "This coming from the old man who has been making decisions about my life without my consent? I was fine with things as they were, what gave you the right to change it without at least asking me?" "Mr Potter" Dumbledore began, in truth he wanted to get Harry away from Lestrange but he had a feeling that telling him that wouldn't go over well "I am only doing this for your benefit. It is better to give you a magical guardian before someone realised that you don't have one and a person with less than pure intent tries to gain custody of you. There are plenty of good and loving families that are willing to take you in" "Yeah well screw them" Harry responded "I'm not changing my life to deal with a bunch of arrogant prats and snotty nosed brats" "I'm sure you will change your mind in time" Dumbledore said just as Fawkes, his phoenix flames into the room and landed on his perch. Phoenixes were light favouring creatures and he wondered how it would react to Harry, but before he could see he looked towards his open window when he heard the sound of wings and watched as Harry's familiar flew into the room. The two birds eyed each other, almost as if they couldn't decide to fight or leave each other be. That confused Dumbledore a little, as Fawkes was usually quite clear on if he disliked someone or not. He usually disliked 'evil' or dark people. That made it easy for Dumbledore to learn more about who he was dealing with. But Fawkes wasn't sure, so what did that mean? Was Harry and his familiar light with darkness mixed in? Was Harry still redeemable? Was he slowly becoming less redeemable or was Fawkes just confused about if he should react to Harry or his familiar? Or was Harry's familiar... "So what you're saying is, what I want doesn't matter, is that right?" Harry asked, glaring at Dumbledore, bringing the old wizard out of his thoughts "No Harry, that is not what I'm saying" Dumbledore noted that Fawkes was becoming slightly more uncomfortable and appeared to be deciding on the negative in his judgement of Harry Potter "It certainly sounds like it you colourful jackass!" Harry spat as he got up from his seat and turned to leave, when Fawkes began screeching at him. Harry turned and aimed his wand at Fawkes while Shadow screeched at the fire bird. "Mr Potter!" Dumbledore thundered as he and Flitwick got to their feet "You will not attack my Phoenix!" "Then you will control him," Harry snarled at Dumbledore "You know that he's trying to hurt me. He thinks I'm dark and he tried to cause me pain, rather hypocritical for such a light creature and you are once again permitting one of your most trusted to try and harm me! Now shut it up or we see how a phoenix is reborn without a head!" "Fawkes, stand down" Dumbledore said, while looking thoughtful. Harry didn't appear to be in pain, he just seemed angry, though Dumbledore guessed that was because of a combination of Fawkes trying to hurt him and the fact that he was going to get a guardian against his will. If Fawkes didn't hurt him then that at least meant that Harry wasn't totally evil. "Stay away from me" Harry growled as he stormed out the office "I don't know what kind of game you are playing Albus" Flitwick said to Dumbledore "but I don't like it" He walked out the room as well "I am losing my patience" Harry whispered to Shadow as he rubbed his temples, he found himself currently sat in a court room. The Lockhart trial was rather quick with the evidence being provided and veritaserum revealing all of his crimes, Lockhart had been sentenced to life in Azkaban. Though many people wanted him to have the dementor's kiss, Dumbledore disagreed and Lockhart was sent to jail, a move that didn't make Dumbledore very popular with all the parents of children that he could have raped. Now Harry was currently in the part where they tried to decide the fate of his guardianship. Dumbledore was the Chief Warlock and therefore he was in charge of this whole thing. There were many big names, Amelia Bones the head of law enforcement, Malfoy and Augusta Longbottom to name a few. Many people were hoping to become Harry's guardian, the problem from Harry's point of view was the fact that he didn't like any of them and the fact that these idiots had spent the last twenty minutes arguing with each other. Shadow, who was also losing his patience, trilled in agreement before rubbing his head against Harry's. Harry lasted about another ten minutes before he decided to take action. "Damn it" Harry stood up "Harry?" Andromeda, Harry's lawyer and legal representation and Bellatrix's sister, asked "Excuse me" Harry walked up to the middle of the room and tried to get the adult's attention, though they didn't seem to notice "excuse me...excuse me...that's it! YOU MOTHERFUCKERS HAD BEST START LISTENING OR ELSE!" Harry had, somehow, managed to get every person to be quiet and turn their attention to him "Mr Potter?" Dumbledore asked with a bit of confusion "Shut it hairy" Harry said as he looked around "Now see here..." Minister Fudge said "You too porky" Harry interrupted before the minister could say anything "look...look at all of you...so pathetic" "Mr Potter" Dumbledore said before the people in here could start shouting again "please control yourself" "I have controlled myself for the last half an hour as I listened to you all bitch, moan and whine and complain and yell at each other" Harry replied "last I checked, I am the child here. You all are supposed to be the best that Britain has, its elite members, yet you wasted half an hour of time arguing over my custody without asking one crucial person" "And who would that be?" "Me!" Harry shouted "You all are here trying to decide my future yet none of you even considered asking my opinion. In fact, nobody even asked me if I wanted a guardian." "Of course you would want a guardian" Fudge said, unable to help himself "And of course you would want a diet plan you fat little shit" Harry spat back "don't presume to know what I want" "How dare you?!" Dolores Umbridge beat the minister by one second "That is the minister of magic you are talking to" "And who the hell are you?" Harry rolled his eyes "I am Dolores Umbridge, senior undersecretary to the minister of magic" "What part of me looks like I care?" Harry replied "I don't know you, I don't like you, I imagine that not many people do. Now, I am royally pissed off, so unless you want your position to open up in the ministry, I'd advise shutting up." "How dare..." "I dare" Harry cut her off, he then turned to the rest of the court "now, nobody asked me if I wanted a guardian. Nobody bothered to check if my living situation was abusive, which it wasn't, nobody asked if I wanted to change it, which I don't. But now you colossal idiots have brought me here and I have lost half an hour of my life, so I am getting something out of this or so help me, someone is going to pay. Now, normally I would just let the adults do their jobs but currently it seems that you lot are uncapable of doing so." "Mr Potter..." Dumbledore began "Shut it Dumbles, I'm taking over" Harry cut him off "I'd like this to be finished by today so clearly it needs someone with at least half of a brain to hurry it up" "Don't you disrespect us boy!" One member shouted "That is not disrespect, when I disrespect you, trust me when I say that you'll now" Harry narrowed his eyes slightly at the man, causing the man to become just a bit uncomfortable "now" Harry turned back to everyone "first step of business, remove Dumbledore as Chief Warlock for this session" "Why?" Amelia Bones frowned "Firstly because I don't like him, secondly he was the one who originally didn't give me a proper guardian in the first place, thirdly because his pet death eater tried to mind rape me, fourthly because his deputy headmistress tried to use my parents memory against me and he didn't do anything, fifthly because he makes decisions for me without my consent, sixthly because he's a prat, seventhly I will be very upset if he is in charge of this whole thing and before anyone says anything, just know that I am mildly annoyed right now. You do not want to see me when I'm upset. Shall I go on?" "No...no you don't need to go" Amelia blinked and then turned to Dumbledore. It was common knowledge that Snape, a man who Dumbledore constantly defended, had tried to mind rape Harry Potter so it was understandable that Harry didn't trust him. Also if this was annoyed then Amelia thought that Harry Potter was right, they didn't want to see him when he was angry. "Very well" Dumbledore sighed "let's put it to a vote, all those in favour" Most seemed to put their hands up, though the glares from the boy-who-lived may have helped speed up the voting "very well, before I step down, we need to decide on an acting chief warlock or witch" "I vote for Madam Marchbank" One voice said, a minute later an old witch by the name of Marchbank was voted in and Dumbledore was escorted out as he no longer had any business here. "Alright now that we got that over with, let's move on" Harry said "Mr Potter, you are not in charge here" One member said "Well I am taking charge because frankly I have better things to do then stay and listen to you lot argue over what you might have forgotten is my future, this is my life and I am in charge of it. I sure as hell am not wasting another half an hour for you all to get this over with. Now, first of all, give me the list of the families that want me." "Mr Potter I..." Chief Witch Marchbank was interrupted by Shadow flying off Harry's shoulder and snatching the list and bringing it back to Harry "Thank you Shadow" Harry said as he read the list "merlin knows that Britain needs help when a bird is more efficient then the people in charge" "That is it!" Nott senior stood up and shouted "I will not tolerate such disrespect from a deformed brat!" "If you want me to stop then come down and make me" Harry said in a bored voice as he read the list. Nott looked like he was about to but he was stopped by Lord Parkinson grabbing his arm. "Okay, now let's look at this list of potential candidates. I'm just ignore all the people I've never met. Okay we have Miss Bones, nice woman, nice niece as well but I don't think I'm the kind of person you want in your house. Greengrass and Davis, I like your daughters but not enough to want to live in your houses. Let's see...hmm...don't know that person. I'm just going to cross off Malfoy, Nott and all the other death eater people" "Now hold on!" Fudge demanded "Those are upstanding members of society and they were under the imperius curse and..." "They did not take veritaserum during their trials" Harry interrupted "forgive me, but I am not trusting my safety to them...unless they want to come down and take some truth serum now" "You don't order us boy" Parkinson sneered "That's what I thought dipshit" Harry turned his attention back to the list "not going to bother, no, nope, definitely not him, he's probably a paedophile and I can't be bothered to deal with another. No, nope, he looks crazy, boring, hold on, why are the Weasley's on here?" Harry turned to the Weasley parents who were sitting in the guest chairs "You lot want to adopt me?" "Well yes" Molly smiled "I..." "Are you crazy?" Harry said before she could continue "What do you mean?" Arthur frowned "Don't you lot already have like five kids?" Harry asked "We have seven actually" Molly admitted "That's worse!" "But the first two are already out of the house and..." "Aren't you also poor? I remember Malfoy Jr pointing that out enough times, why are you adding an extra mouth to feed when you're poor?" "We're not that poor" Arthur defended himself "we could be able to afford it" He resisted the urge to add 'barely' "Oh yeah? How much spare money do you have after paying for all the expenses? Is it enough to divide between six kids and keep them all happy?" "Uh...well...yeah...I think so" "You just fill me with confidence" Harry said sarcastically "Even if you could afford it, which I doubt, one of your sons is Ronald Weasley right?" "Yes" Molly nodded "That's settled, I am not going to whatever land of madness created Ronald Weasley. If I was you then I would learn a bit about saving money and not wasting it, especially by adding more children to your family." Harry then turned to the list and ignored the gaping reactions of the Weasley's "now back to this bloody list. I notice that Sirius Black isn't on this list" "Sirius Black was a mass murderer and the betrayer of your parents!" One member shouted "How do you know?" Harry asked "What?" "How do you know? Did you attend his trial?" "Everyone knows that Black did it" Fudge interrupted "Is that the same way everyone in the muggle world 'knows' that magic doesn't exist? Because we are a giant living middle finger to that belief and I'd rather not risk a man's life and sanity on everyone 'knows'. Now, who here attended Sirius Black's trial?" Nobody raised a hand "Did he even get a trial?" "Go search for the trial of Sirius Black" The chief witch ordered one of the court assistant who nodded and walked off "Okay, now back to this list." Harry took a few moments to read it "I don't like or approve of any of these people" "Mr Potter, I am on the list" Lady Longbottom pointed out, believing that Harry hadn't seen her name. Harry looked at the list for a second before he spotted his name "Ah, found it" "That's good" "Okay, now back to this list. I don't like or approve of any of these people" Harry repeated, causing Lady Longbottom to gape at him, she was about to respond when the assistant came back "Ma'am, there is no trial transcript, apparently Sirius Black never had a trial" Shouting and screaming began as the courtroom was thrown into chaos. The Chief Witch tried to gain order but she wasn't succeeding "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" A magically amplified voice roared and the room went quiet, everyone looked at Harry who was gesturing for Andromeda to cancel the sonorous spell she placed on him "thank you" He said to her before turning back to the court "it is nice to know that the second something big happens you lot jump into screaming and shouting. Merlin I fear for our country if you lot are in charge. Now, that is something I expect you lot to deal with. Also Minister, did you 'know' that Sirius Black didn't have a trial" "Uh no...I didn't...I really didn't" Fudge said as everyone turned to him, Dolores Umbridge was about to come to his aid when Harry continued "Well now I 'know' that you're an idiot, the next minister hopefully checks his bloody facts" Harry said "You're disrespect..." Dolores began "Is amusing for me and that's all I care about" Harry interrupted her with a small grin "You filthy half-blooded..." "Hey look everyone, the ministers secretary is a prejudiced bitch" Harry pointed at her "the minister supports discrimination" "I do not!" Fudge squeaked "Well nobody sees you stopping it tubby" Harry replied "and by her pointing out my blood status, she is insulting me and my mother and my father by extension seeing as he loved her enough to marry her. My parents were war hero, she's insulting war heroes, and you're not doing anything. Are you sporting her in disrespecting war heroes? You are? You bitch!" "No...no I'm not" Fudge said quickly "Dolores will not do that again, will she? In fact she won't even talk at all, right?" Fudge glared at Umbridge, who just nodded even though she fumed at the way Potter disrespected her "Good" Harry grinned "now, let's get this shit over with so I can get on with my life and the rest of you can fuck off" "Potter! Mind your language!" Lady Longbottom commanded "You have been disrespectful and rude this entire meeting" "Lady, I promise you that this is nothing. I'm pulling all this off the top of my head while being tired, just wait and see what I can do on a day when I'm prepared and actually have energy. Now as I was saying, before I was so rudely interrupted, I'm choosing my guardian and seeing that Sirius Black is still in Azkaban because the ministry is too incompetent to realise when people haven't had trials, I'm choosing Bellatrix Lestrange" "She's a death eater!" One member shouted "Is she? Because unlike Malfoy, Nott and a few others here, she took veritaserum to support her claim. She was freed by the very court we stand in, her daughter is my best friend and she is currently the closest I have to a mother. Now you lot seem to think you're in charge, let me make it clear, you are not in charge here. You have a few choices, give me to Bellatrix and I don't bother any of you and we can get all this over with. Your second choice is to try and force me into a house I don't want. Do that and then you can expect two things, the first being for this meeting to happen again because the guardians you chose will no longer have a house to live in and expect me to leave this country as soon as possible. That would be a brilliant article, 'The 'boy-who-lived' leaves Britain because idiots can't help but be idiots'. Make your choice and make a good one...or I will show you what a really angry Harry Potter looks like" "Let's take a vote on it" Madam Marchbank said as everyone thought over what had just happened. It was clear that Harry Potter was going to fight over any choice that wasn't Bellatrix. The dark side weren't willing as Potter would insist on veritaserum being used on them and they didn't want that while the light side wouldn't force a boy to live with them, especially when said boy seemed to be an angry rage machine capable of laying a verbal smackdown on just about anyone. "Miss Lestrange, are you willing to take guardianship?" Bellatrix rose from her position in the crowd "Yes" She nodded with teary eyes "I would love to become Harry's guardian. I swear that I will always love and care for him" "All those for Miss Lestrange?" Pretty much every hand went up, apart from a select few like Lady Longbottom and Umbridge. "It is settled then, custody of Harry Potter goes to Bellatrix Lestrange" "No!" Augusta shouted as she rose from her seat, her attention to Harry "Why on earth would you chose that vile woman to be your guardian?!" "Because I like her" Harry said with a confused look "why else would I chose her?" "You're not thinking straight! I would be a much better guardian than her" "You raised Neville on your own right?" Harry asked "Yes, I did" Lady Longbottom nodded "Well I refuse for three reasons, the first is the fact that Neville is either naturally shy or you just made him that way with how you raised him, the second is because I fear you'll chose my clothes for me and your fashion sense frightens me as it is. The third is because you told me you wanted me to get rid of my familiar" Shadow, from his position on Harry's shoulder, rubbed his head against Harry's "you told me you wanted to get rid of my first friend, the biggest constant in my life, you would control my life and I am not someone you control! I am my own person and I will do what I want and be who I want!" Harry spat the last words out "You're making a mistake!" "You're making a fuss" Harry shrugged, his demeanour changing instantly to calm and collected "He's right Augusta, control yourself" Madam Marchbank hissed "This isn't over!" Lady Longbottom vowed "Of course it isn't, the court hasn't been dismissed yet" Harry rolled his eyes as if he was talking to a child "speaking of, can you?" He asked the chief witch "The custody of Harry Potter is at a close, you may leave, is there anything you want to say before you do?" The chief witch immediately regretted asking but knew it was something that had to be offered "Yes actually, first I want to thank Lord Greengrass, Davis and Lady Bones. I'm good friends with your daughters and I've only met Susan a few times, though she seems nice. Unlike the others, I actually considered your homes because I respect you and I have nothing against you. As for the rest of you..." Harry blew a raspberry and gave them the finger before he left with Bellatrix following him. "Harry!" Bellatrix pulled him into a big hug once they were out "Thank you! This means a lot! Thank you!" She cried into his shoulder "Yeah well...you were there for me...now I'm here for you" Harry hugged her back. He didn't think he'd ever be comfortable with hugging, though now he guessed it just depended on the person. A.N: Hi guys, wow that took me ages to write. Hope you liked it. I just want to say that yes Harry was rude and disrespectful, but his character is like that. He just doesn't care, he will say what's on his mind if he wants and he was pretty annoyed between Dumbledore trying to get him a guardian and Longbottom demanding it be her. The next chapter will have the consequences of this chapter, how will Dumbledore react? How will wizarding Britain react? How will Ron and Neville react to Harry's disrespect of their family? Find out soon. I hope you enjoyed the chapter, please feel free to leave a review.
Chapter 19 - "Mr Potter" Dumbledore said as Harry sat down opposite him with Professor Flitwick, no sooner than the second after Harry had got to Hogwarts he was being dragged to the headmaster's office, Shadow had flown off and by the time Harry had gotten to the office, Shadow had come back and was dragging Flitwick by the sleeve. Harry just shrugged as they entered the office. "I must confess, I am extremely disappointed with your behavior" "Okay" Harry nodded "Mr Potter, this is serious. You are a Hogwarts student, your actions represent us" Dumbledore scolded, as soon as the meeting had finished he had quickly viewed it in the mind of one of the people that had left the court and he was very upset with Harry's behaviour. "Not my fault nor is it my problem, I never wanted to come to this damn school in the first place" "Mr Potter, why must you be so difficult?" Dumbledore looked at him with a pleading expression "Me and the school are trying our best, please just work with us." "I could do that...nah" Harry smiled at Dumbledore "we've done this dance so many times Dumbledore, just expel me or quit complaining. As for my actions, I felt they were deserved when a room full of idiots argue over my fate without even asking me about it. Even worse when you consider that they took so long. No, I just sped things up" "You insulted a great many people..." "Including you" Harry grinned "let's not forget that" "I promise you, I won't" Dumbledore's eyes lost their twinkle "Mr Potter, you do not like me. That's fine. There are a great many who don't and while I wish you weren't one of them, you are and I can't change that. With that being said, I am still worried about you. You have great potential, you could end up being a great wizard. You could also end up being a very dangerous wizard. I cannot allow another dark lord to rise up" "Albus!" Flitwick exclaimed, shocked at Dumbledore's accusation of Harry becoming a dark lord "Or I could just be a regular wizard" Harry countered "has it ever occurred to you that I don't want to become a hero or a villain? Have you ever thought about me just wanting to be a regular wizard? A normal person? Huh? All I want is to be left alone, but you can't do that. If I do become a dark wizard then it will likely happen because you couldn't let me stay a regular one. Now kindly piss off" Harry got up and began leaving "Mr Potter, we are not done" Dumbledore said "Well I am" Harry shot back as he left "Huh" Dumbledore rubbed his face with his hands "Albus" Flitwick said "I don't know what you're planning or why you are so interested in Mr Potter, but I think it best if it stops now" "Filius, I just..." "No" Flitwick raised his hand to stop Albus "I don't want to hear it, I'm sure you have your reasons but as of the moment...I don't care to hear them. Mr Potter is one of my ravens and therefore it is my job to look after him. I think it's best if you two stay away from each other before one of you starts throwing spells" "Filius, I just..." "No Albus, save your excuses." Flitwick got off his chair and walked out. Dumbledore leaned back into his chair and was rather wishing he had a headache potion. Not only was Harry Potter costing him Flitwick's loyalty, but he was causing more problems than Dumbledore could fix. His attacks against the Slytherin's for example, he couldn't punish Harry for it because he needed Harry in school, Harry refused to attend detention and because non of the Slytherin's were willing to say anything, though Dumbledore understood why. They were too scared to complain, Harry had correctly pointed out that he wouldn't be expelled. Dumbledore couldn't expel him, he needed Harry nearby for when Voldemort returned, Dumbledore knew it would happen eventually, Quirrell proved that. And even if it didn't happen during Harry's education then Dumbledore at least wanted to make sure that Harry would be prepared to fight when it did happen. He also had to make sure that Harry didn't go to the dark side. Harry, despite his claims, was very much leaning on the dark side. He was dangerous and Dumbledore couldn't allow him to turn to the dark side. "Harry!" Delphi screamed as she saw Harry on his way to the Ravenclaw common room "Hi Del, what's up?" Harry said just before he was tackled into a bone breaking hug "You're my new brother now!" Delphi beamed at him after letting him go "You're officially my brother!" "Well technically your mum's just my guardian now" Harry pointed out "Do not ruin this for me!" Delphi warned "If I mustn't" Harry sighed as Delphi hugged him again The next day, a lot of attention was on Harry. By breakfast everyone had heard about what happened at court, apparently Harry's guardianship session was aired on the wireless radio and the whole thing, or at least everything from when Harry started talking, was written down on newspaper. A lot of people were impressed with Harry's words, some were in disbelief at the fact that the words were said to the people that basically rule the whole of magical Britain while some people didn't appreciate his words. Namely the children of some of the people he had insulted. Not that Harry cared. "What do you think?" Delphi conversed with Harry as the walked to potions class "I disagree" Harry replied "there is no way in hell that that that would work, too much custard and not enough mayo." "Harry" A voice called and the two stopped when they found Neville Longbottom standing in front of them "Can I help you?" Harry asked "You can start by telling me what the hell you were doing at the trial?" The normally shy boy looked at Harry with a determined expression "Sitting, standing and speaking for the most part" Harry answered "You embarrassed my gran" "I embarrassed a lot of people, you're gran's not special" "How could you chose someone like Bellatrix bloody Lestrange to be your guardian?!" Neville demanded "She tortured my parents into insanity" "I'm sure your right Neville, I guess the truth serum was faulty the day she had her trial" Harry said sarcastically "Harry, stop defending her!" "Hey, my mum didn't do anything!" Delphi glared at him "She was friends with your mother!" "Don't talk about my mother!" "Then don't talk about mine!" "You're mother's a murdering psycho!" "And you're gran's an old buzzard that nobody wants around!" "Take that back!" "Girls, your both boring me with your little back and forth" Harry interrupted "She's evil Harry" Neville turned to Harry "and you know it" "I know that I believe her over you seeing as you're 'just a bit' biased against her" Harry responded "My mother has been there for Harry for years, that sound like murder material to you?!" Delphi spat "You shut it!" "Or what?" Delphi challenged. Neville pulled his wand out at the same time as Delphi, though Delphi was faster and she was about to fire a spell point blank at Neville's face. Harry grabbed Neville's hand and twisted his wrist, causing the chubby boy to fall to his knees and drop his wand. The light on Delphi's wand fizzled out as she realised that Harry was going to take over. "Listen up Longbottom, I don't care if you ignore me for the rest of our years at Hogwarts. But you will not try to harm my friends while I'm here" Harry let go and then pushed Neville away "You're just like her!" Neville spat as he glared at Harry "And I see nothing wrong with that" Harry smirked, Neville tried to go for his wand only for Delphi to banish him into a suit of armour. "What is going on here?" Professor Sprout demanded as she walked up the three "Neville tried to attack us" Delphi said "because of Harry having my mum become his guardian instead of Neville's gran, so Harry put him in a wrist lock. Then after Harry let him go, he tried to go for his wand so I banished him into the armour" "Mr Longbottom, is that true?" Sprout asked Neville, Neville knew he wasn't a good enough liar to get away with it and he knew that there were two of them, so he nodded even though he glared at Harry. "Well you'll come with me to the hospital wing, we'll discuss your behaviour after Madam Pomfrey checks you over. Mr Potter, you and your friend will go to your lessons and then come back to my office after classes are over so I can get the full picture" "Yes ma'am" Harry nodded as he and Delphi continued walking and made their way to potions class. Once they got there they waited outside, they leaned against the wall just as Delphi began talking to Fay and Daphne and Tracy in a discussion about quidditch of all things. "Oi Potter!" Ronald Weasley walked up to him and looked at him with a furious expression "I heard what you said! Apparently my family is not good enough for you!" "Oh good you get it" Harry responded "I was worried you wouldn't understand." "We're better than you'll ever be!" "You're also piss poor and trying to add another person to your family" Harry rolled his eyes "if I was you, I would work on money management instead of bothering me" "Stop acting like your better than me!" "What part of me looks like I'm acting?" Harry asked with a raised eyebrow "That's it!" Ron tried to pull his wand out, but he was interrupted by Harry hitting him in the nose with his forearm. Ron fell to the floor, holding his bleeding nose with his hands. The Slytherin's couldn't help but feel that Ron got off lightly. If anyone argued overwise, they'd like to have them chose between a broken nose that can be magically healed vs extreme pain and getting their face shoved into a fire. "Vou voke my vomf!" Ron screamed out through a broken nose and his hands "Yes, I 'voke your vomf'" Harry nodded "try to draw a wand on me again and I'll break something else. Perhaps I'll do a Lockhart and break your balls" "Stop fighting!" Hermione Granger walked up to the scene "Or I will tell!" "Speaking of Lockhart" Harry grinned "so Granger, have you changed your mind about him? Or are you still in love with him?" "I wasn't in love with him!" Hermione's face turned red "Oh right, because you were swooning at someone behind him" Harry said sarcastically "What's going on here?!" Slughorn said as he arrived on scene "He voke my vosf!" Ron pointed between Harry and himself "Can someone else tell me what happened?" Slughorn asked "I voke his vosf" Harry shrugged "Ron tried to draw his wand on Harry" Delphi sighed "Harry stopped him by hitting him in the nose" "It must have been a fairly impressive hit" Slughorn noted as he knelt down and vanished the blood from Ron's face "It wasn't bad" Harry said modestly though he had a small smile on his face "It was pretty impressive" Daphne commented "very fast" "Very strong" Tracy added "Lovely technique" Fay said her piece "Yeah...I suppose" Harry grinned "It's also true that Ron tried to draw his wand sir, ask anyone here." "Fine, ten points from Gryffindor and a detention with me." Slughorn said after a few other students did confirm, mostly Slytherin's. Partly due to a fear of Harry and a hatred of Ron. Can you boys take him to the infirmary?" Slughorn asked Seamus and Dean. The two nodded and took him away. "Everyone else inside, Mr Potter we will talk after class" "If we must" Harry bit back a groan The rest of the year went by with many people, Neville and Ron included, avoiding Harry. Not that he minded. Harry was more than satisfied with just hanging out with Delphi. Though he also noticed that he seemed to now enjoy the company of Fay, Daphne and Tracy as well. Not something he expected but he did. He supposed that there wasn't anything wrong with making friends, he was still just a little bit surprised that they wanted to be his. At first he thought that Fay only wanted to be Delphi's friend while Tracy and Daphne just wanted him for protection. But now they all seemed to actually become friends. Fay was loyal and kind, Tracy and Daphne were smart but they also seemed to genuinely be happy around them...so apparently he was doing something right. He also noticed that since Bellatrix became his guardian, Fleur seemed extremely happy for him, at least in her letters. Fleur was confusing for him, Harry briefly wondered why she would like writing to him so much. A few times he considered that she might like him though he quickly got rid of such thoughts. There was no way someone like him would be with someone like Fleur. She was a pretty and rich witch, while he was just a nerd with a burnt face. With that being said, her reason was clearly a big one as she had somehow got her parents to agree to invite him plus Delphi and Bellatrix to France again. Bellatrix has asked him if he had any problems with going, and he didn't. France was nice, in many ways he liked it better than England. As for staying at the Delacours house, the father left him alone for the most part. The mother was kind enough, the youngest daughter could be a bit annoying but she was still better than most. As for Fleur, Harry rather enjoyed her company. At the end of the year, Harry and Delphi exited the train to be greeted by Bellatrix. "Harry, Delphi!" Bella pulled them both into crushing hugs "oh I missed you both!" "Missed you too mum!" Delphi hugged her back with enthusiasm "I missed you as well" Harry gave her a hug, though he was a bit more restrained with his enthusiasm "Oh, I can't believe how big you've gotten" Bella examined them both "you both are becoming quite the lookers" "You know for that second I thought you said hooker" Harry commented "I'm not saying no, just saying that the pay had better be worth it" "Very funny" Bella gave him a light tap on the head "Already abusing your children?" A voice called, the trio turned to see Neville standing behind a glaring Augusta Longbottom "I am not abusing my children" Bellatrix gritted out "You just slapped him" Lady Longbottom pointed out "That was a tap and don't pretend you haven't done harder to your grandson" "Hmm" Lady Longbottom sniffed though she didn't deny it "I don't know how exactly you convinced young Harry that you were a better option, nor do I know how you managed to trick him into believing that you are not the evil piece of filth I know you to be. But I have my eye on you, and when you slip, I'll be there and show the word what you really are. Nothing but a criminal that deserves no less than life in Azkaban with a dementors kiss at the end" "You're in a lovely mood today" Harry noted, deciding to take charge of this conversation as Bellatrix seemed to be struggling with her emotions "they removed that stick from your ass yet?" "Watch yourself boy" Lady Longbottom warned "Do you have a mirror?" Harry asked innocently "I don't why you would want one with a face like yours" She sneered "And there it is! The face insult" Harry smiled "I love it when a person shows their true colours. As for my face, I like it, it helps me see the real people. It helps me see past the masks you all put up in public, now I've seen your real side, and I will never forget it" "Come Neville" Lady Longbottom barked as she turned around "let's not waste time with these criminals and delinquents" She walked off with Neville following her "At least I don't dress ridiculous you old bat" Harry called out, Lady Longbottom stopped and looked like she was about to say something, but then she kept on walking. "Thanks Harry" Bellatrix placed a hand on his shoulder "Anytime, so we going home then France?" "Yeah, just like last time. Come on" Bellatrix said as she lead the two out of the train station. A.N: Hi guys, hope you enjoyed the chapter and yes, there is conflict with Neville, for now at least. I do have reasons for it. In many fanfics Neville always becomes Harry's friend, I wanted to do something different. This is just me experimenting with new ideas, for example I have a good Bellatrix with a Neville that doesn't believe she's changed. This might change in the future but they don't like each other for now. Anyway, thanks for reading and feel free to leave a review
