Prologue: Godric's Hollow Lord Voldemort strode up to the conjoined cots with the intent of a man- well, at this point he was more than a man (or less, depending on how one looked at it; though, of course, Voldemort believed strongly that he was the latter)- who knew, with an air of arrogant confidence that he was to succeed, and that such an easy task was surely beneath him! Yet, of course, Voldemort, though paranoid and frankly insane, was intelligent, for all his debauched views of the world. If word got out to his Death Eaters about the prophecy; that this- this infant was somehow stronger than him and that he himself had not been the one to kill him, they would surely lose a great deal of respect for him. Though, mind you, nothing that he wouldn't be able to cure them of after a few bouts of the Crutacius on them and their loved ones; but the sheer necessity of it would surely take away the pleasure he drew from their pain. Pain that he had caused, with his own power- a fact that's never ceased to bring a small smile to his face; Oh, the amount of strength he held! He revered in that strength now, leering at the sight in front of him. It had been all too easy for him to get the twin's parents away from them; Wormtail- whom he planned on killing soon after he outlived his usefulness as the Potters Secret Keeper, quite painfully actually; it had been a headache (metaphorically of course; for The Dark Lord never suffered from ailments as common as head pains), to be in the presence of such cowardice- Wormtail had lured them off successfully. Presently, he scoffed in disgust, curling his lips at the two babes who lay in front of him, defenseless and vulnerable. One of them was snoring obliviously, his chestnut brown hair spread around him messily; almost giving him the appearance of a sleeping angel, if it were not for the obnoxious sounds coming from his mouth. The other though...this one sat up, his attentive gaze fixed solely on Voldemort; his vivacious green eyes gazing into The Dark Lord's own blood red ones, and he practically growled at the disrespect the brat showed. He was The One, Voldemort decided, and it did not matter what his name was; after all, dead children did not need names. Voldemort gave the child an almost soft, albeit condescending, smile. The infant did naught else but continue to glare at him defiantly with those startling green eyes and black hair. Almost preening at this point, Voldemort lifted his wand, laughing, reciting the incantation that he had done so many times before...yet, little did he know, that it would be a long time before he did so again. "Avada Kedavra," he murmured quietly, savoring the words that slicked like honey from his tongue. But the boys eyes continued to glow that startling green, the very same shade as the Killing Curse that struck him not moments ago. And Lord Voldemort shouted in rage, but he found he had no voice as the curse rebound upon him and he became nothing more than a shade skulking in the shadows. The boy, one Harry James Potter, now had a small scar shaped like a lighting bolt, silvery and barely visible, showcasing the very place where Voldemort struck him, on the center of his forehead. The young child sat cross legged and unperturbed ...that was, until Godric's Hollow started to crumble around him; the house shaking due to the sheer force of the magic that had taken place that night. Liam Remus Potter took that exact moment to decide to awaken from the deep slumber he had been in; and he began wailing as debris fell harder and faster. Harry, for his part, raised his chubby arms in alarm, willing for something to shield both him and his twin brother, unaware of the fact that he was using magic- he simply wished to protect them both, and so it did… "Liam! Harry! Oh, James! The boys, where the hell are they?!" cried out Lily Potter in desperation, near hysterics. She ran into the blazing ruins of the place she had been calling "home" for the past year, her fiery red hair messy and her leaf green eyes (noticeably less potent than her sons) shining with tears. Her husband, James Potter, ran in strides, hot at her heels as they made their way towards what had once been the boys nursery. Behind them was Albus Dumbledore, the custom twinkle absent from his pale blue eyes, as it had been ever since the blasted war had started. The married couple nearly cried in relief at seeing their two sons safe amidst the wreckage. The pair sat in the same cot, Harry resting his head in Liam's lap as he cradled him happily, his forehead slick with blood dripping from a single, shallow scar on the left of his temple. It was about three centimeters long, curling in on itself slightly, resembling something like a crescent moon or a vertically elongated letter "C". Lily threw herself at her children, cradling them happily as she pressed kisses to Liam, and a still sleepy Harry, who had magical exhaustion from the amount of raw power it took to both rebound the killing curse and to protect him and his brother, though none present were to be aware of that. James, for his part, gave Albus a confused look, who was beaming happily. "God, Albus...What happened?" asked James hoarsely...and then a look of horror arose on his face as he realized. "Peter...he betrayed us! The fucking...He was a- He was bloody working for him, all along! I can't believe that-that-!" Now Albus looked slightly distracted, replying, "Peter? Peter Pettingrew? So it wasn't young Sirius?" James, still in shock, was now clasping Lily's hand in his as he stroked Harry's hair, grunting in agreement. "Yeah...Siruis-Sirius knew that everyone thought he would be Secret Keeper, so he got the fucking rat, in every sense of the word, to be the one...but Albus, what in Merlins name happened?" the man reiterated. Dumbledore looked delighted once more."Well, it seems Liam here stopped Voldemort!" The two flinched at the name as he carried on, seemingly oblivious, "It seems that he tried to cast The Killing Curse on him, but it rebounded on Riddle himself as Liam deflected it." Both pride and shock surfaced on the couples faces. Lily whispered, aghast, "So...the prophecy…" Both of them, as trusted Order Members and the parents of not only one, but two potential candidates for it, had been informed of the contents of the prophecy. The Headmaster became slightly grave as he nodded, "Yes. By casting the curse on Liam, he marked him as his equal, which, in turn, self fulfilled the prophecy. The scar that he bears is a remnant; a curse scar that proves that he was the one." James looked at him wide-eyed. "Merlin…" he breathed. Lily looked at Albus, fear in her eyes as she cradled her children tightly, Liam noticeably closer and tighter than Harry. "He's...He's coming back, right? A-And Liam'll have to be the one w-who-who…" She shuddered, and her husband enclosed her arms around her protectively. Albus winced. "Yes, m'dear, I'm afraid so. At the moment, Voldemort is not dead, merely a weakened shadow of his former self. One day he will come back, but that won't be for a long time from now. We have plenty of time to train Liam until that time comes, and before then we will have him remain as innocent of possible, to live a fulfilling childhood. But for now, it is a joyous occasion, for after such a long effort, this War is over! So, let us celebrate, for Liam Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, will be famous, there shall not be soul who hasn't heard of him. The child has defeated Voldemort and made this possible!" And, indeed, people all over the world, who heard the news of He Who Must Not Be Named's downfall by the hands of Liam Potter, The Boy Who Lived, were celebrating in his name, yet little did they know of the real events that occurred that night, and they wouldn't; not for a long time. A/N: Hi! So im probably going to have super long notes because i like to ramble and i am but a lonely soul. if any of you have, like, a serious problem with that, i'll stop. But for now, this is how it'll be. anyway i wanted to write a wbwl story because ive been reading that a lot (my favorite is totally either the sacrifices arc or the prince of slytherin oh and invisible). So i'll be updating every tuesday i think, we'll see how that goes. im not really sure where i want to go with this story; i have no specifc plot line because this isnt this sort of story; its more i want to focus on specific scenarios and thoughts, more than specific plot points. harrys character is an interesting part of the story, im sure i'll get many comments about how contradicting his personality is and thats one of the points that i wanted to make; there's no ingrained specific personality, you're not going to get the "shy" person who stutters and is sweet because human nature is a flimsy thing and they cant act like that all the time. d'you see what i mean? probably not and im probably bullshitting but i wanted to work on this concept, fake or no. like hey, im no psychology expert. But in my story your going to see how a situation like harrys can result in the opposite thing of what you'd expect (you'll see) and how the littlest of a notion, an idea, can go along way. ahaha anyway im pretty sure i've broken a hundred and one unpoken rules on here, so forgive me. i'll be posting a super mini chapter before the update on tuesday.
Extra: Siriusly Guys, It Wasn't Me! Sirius Black was livid. Well, livid was a more docile way of putting it. Less eloquently, Sirius was pissed. And he had good reason to be. Oh, they had all just went along and trusted Peter! And all this fucking time and after how much they'd wholeheartedly defended him from schoolyard bullies and Death Eaters alike, because the Marauders protected their own. It hurt. A lot. It hurt that someone they'd went through such lengths to guard, someone who they would unquestionably give up their life for, would just dismiss them as soon as, what? As soon as there was a higher power that was willing to take him- it was painful to think his name, so Sirius would just refer to him as The Spy- on? Sirius doubted they'd ever find out the whole truth, but, by God, they deserved it. So, in a way that was uniquely Sirius, he channeled the pain into something else, into something stronger, because this was war, he couldn't afford to sit around and mope about how it came to this. This was one of the times that the implication of the seemingly endless battle they fought weighed on his shoulders fully- you truly couldn't trust anyone, no matter friend or foe. He'd ran to the place where little Harry and Liam were kept, and upon seeing they were alive, well, as much as Sirius would've liked to stop and shed a few tears, offer Lily and James his- Condolences? Congratulations? Both seemed more than inappropriate. Anyway, even though he wanted to stop by with the family in the ruins of the safe-house, he knew that it was a pointless endeavor, given that they were safe with Albus Dumbledore, Albus who turned from the twinkly eyed Headmaster who had a penchant for mischief makers such as himself, to this- this leader, in all sense of the word, steely eyed and resolute. Sirius had always known that there was more to him, that he was the defeater of Grindelwald, that he was the most powerful wizard of their age, but it didn't really resonate with him, that it was all a facade, until he was faced with those eyes that were war weary. It was then that Sirius knew that he had a whole of a lot of growing up to do, and that pranks were useless during a fight with Death Eaters, who fought to maim. to kill. So, as soon as Sirius caught wind of The Spy's betrayal- Why?- he ignored the fainter murmurs of You-Know-Who's defeat with reckless abandon. He was going to fucking kill him for what he'd done, and smile whilst he did it. After Sirius had been assured that the Potters were all alive and okay, he knew were his next destination was to be. iii Peter Pettingrew was scared. He was a desperate, desperate man. His Lord had been conquered, somehow, and now Peter had nowhere to go, no-one to turn to. Of course, he could always scuttle back to the Marauders. He sneered at the thought of them. Oh, yes, precious little Black, charming Potter, and oh-so-intelligent Lupin. They were all so quick to scoop poor, timid Peter up, take him underneath their wing as though he were no more than a pet, a little charity project to look after. Well, he'd shown them! Gave his Lord the information to what was to be their downfall right underneath their pretty little noses! So, no, Peter would not turn back to his friends. Not that he thought he'd be able to, anyway. Thick as thieves, the lot of them, oh yes. Peter pertained no illusion that they wouldn't murder him on sight, especially Black, Black who was slightly unhinged and valued loyalty above all else. Peter was currently bustling through a crowd of muggles (God, why were they even awake at this time?) when the moment he'd been dreading came upon him. Oh, why him, why now, he just wanted to wait a little longer, wanted to enjoy what scarce freedom he possessed. "Why did you do it, Peter?" Black all but snarled. His features were twisted in pure rage, his teeth bared as he aimed his wand at Peters throat. Peter whimpered. "Whu-What are you t-talking about S-Sirius? YOU KILLED THEM, YOU KILLED JAMES AND LILY, DEATH EATER!" Peter was using the last things he had in his reservoir, he was desperate, desperate, desperate. The muggles were looking on, gaping, in equal parts confusion and alarm. At this point, aurors had started flooding in on the scene. Black began to whisper with anger, not comprehending Peter's words. "I'll kill you, I'll fucking kill you, Pe-" Peter ignored him and screamed louder, panicking. "LIKE YOU TRIED TO KILL LILY AND JAMES?!" he repeated, frantic. Peter had never been this scared, not even when he was in the presence of his Master, because as long as he made himself useful, kept his head down, The Dark Lord wouldn't kill him, right? Or so he tried to tell himself. Either way, right now, Peter was in trouble. He idly noticed he was shaking, not that it was anything new. The Dark Lord was very partial to the Cruciatus Curse, Peter had discovered. His eyes bulged as James Bloody Potter arrived at the scene. No! Nononononono! Peter, as it was, was not a particularly talented wizard, by any means. He possessed little in terms of raw power, and even fewer in means of ability. Magic was, also, something strongly based on invention, and if one looked, they would find that Peter possessed little willfulness. Yet Peter valued one thing above everything else, if he valued anything other than this. Peter placed great importance in himself. And, looking at James Potter and Sirius Black, Peter found something that he had not known he'd possessed. Blindly, he grasped onto it, not knowing or caring what it was, only that it was a means to escape his predicament. He shoved all his power into his next thoughts. "Let them think it was Sirius, I don't want to die, I don't want to die…" The details were fuzzy for most, but what happened next was this: there was a massive explosion, unfortunately murdering twelve muggles in its wake, along with one Peter Pettingrew, much to national devastation. The only thing left of the poor lad was his toe, they said. James Potter, his wife right behind, him confronted Sirius Black with unadulterated fury. . Despite Sirius's incoherent babbling, lies that went along the lines of- "I didn't do it, Prongs, I didn't! You have to remember, it was Pe-" "-Don't you DARE say his name, Black! And don't call me that, you filthy Death Eater!"-he was arrested without trial, on the premises of working actively as a Death Eater, and thirteen different murder cases, in front of various witnesses. No one paid attention to the three-toed rat that limped weakly away from the scene, exhausted. A/N: Hello there! Ahaha i just realised that i needed to write the sirius, peter confontation since i still planned to keep siruis in azkaban, so i whipped this up! though, you'll not be hearing from siruis or peter in a long time. okay, so what peter did was like accidental magic-ish, and he confounded jilly into thinking that sirius was the secret keeper. did he manage to hoodwink albus? we'll see, we'll see. anyway, seriously thank you so much for all the reviews/favourites/follows! i honestly wasnt expecting so much. to answer some peoples concerns that this is a typical wbwl who lived story: it isnt and it is. my story incoporates more of harrys feelings and stuff, so esentially its like an abused!slyhtherin!harry story but with the wbwl trope thrown in. so, like in the first chap, some things will be like "oh that happens just because" and yh. i know this doesnt make sense but oh well. see you on tuesday!
Another Extra: One Week Later... James and Lily Potter sat pensively in the Headmasters office, with their son, Liam Potter. Harry was, as had become custom within that week, unnoticeably absent. They had been surprised by the summons for what Albus had essentially called a "Quick Chat" in his office. James, unable to stand the tension any longer between Liam's cheerful garbling and Albus crunching his customary lemon drops rather loudly, sighed. Dumbledore, as though waiting for this cue, smiled beneficially. "I suppose you're wondering about the summons?" Sharp intakes of breath. "Well, you see it's about Harry." Noticeable breaths of relief. "I'm afraid that his magic seems relatively weak and...well, if he does turn out to be a wizard, he would be, naturally, jealous of his twin, and his status and fame. It would be a distraction for Liam, and I've considered leaving him with your sister, Petunia Dursley, and her family, if, of course, you would be willing?" At this, both Potters looked disinterested; Lily only slightly less so than James, who nodded instantly. "We trust your judgment Albus. It's fine with us. Right, Lils'?" He turned towards his wife. Lily Potter looked slightly apprehensive, "Well...Petunia doesn't exactly...She-she doesn't like...I mean, would she-?" Albus smiled at her, "I have already taken the liberty of contacting her," Lily blinked, "Petunia has agreed, plus, she has a son of her own, whom I believe will keep young Harry company." "Of course, there are also the blood wards, which will keep him safe from any Death Eaters who wish to bring him harm for who his brother is." His eyes twinkled merrily, knowing that he had already won. "Alright then, " said Lily only slightly hesitant; after all he had guided them through the war; who could she trust if not him, Albus Dumbledore, the greatest wizard of all time and the Leader of the (so called) Light? A/N: just a lil context. also yes i know that this is shitty reasons. who said it wasnt? thanks sooo much for the faves/follows. i certainly was not expecting any! New chapter up on Tuesday. dw its the first actual chapter. i've only got around 17k words so far, which im actually quite proud of seeing as i find it so difficult to keep to writing things usually. Another A/N: Yes this chapter was moved a little as i realised that i had to put something about peter/sirius in, dw
Chapter One: Harry Hunting and Other Pleasantries "Boy! Get up! Don't you have any shame, to have darkened our household so much, and yet you remain so ungrateful?" shrieked Petunia Dursley as she banged loudly on the cupboard door. "Coming, Aunt Petunia," Harry Potter called back softly. He had, in fact, already been awake since four AM, after the hunger pangs had become too much to rest with. For the past five hours he had been reading a book, squinting with his broken glasses as he edged as close as possible towards the crack underneath the cupboard door that provided little light. It was a Chemistry book, an old one that had, like himself and other miscellaneous items, been shoved into the cupboard underneath the stairs, at Number Four Privet Drive; unwanted and forgotten. The book had been one that was for someone way older than him, but through sheer determination and willpower, he'd managed to understand it cover to cover. Of course, he would read whatever he could get his hands on; it was a way to escape, to go to a world of knowledge and words; places where he wasn't in his cupboard; wasn't a slave, where he wasn't starved or beaten or a freak or chased by Dudley's gang. Plus, knowledge equaled power, by Harry's' logic. It was his own way of beating of them, proving that he wasn't dumb. He could never reveal it, of course, everyone would call him a cheater and his Uncle and Aunt would inform the school. But the fact that it was a secret made it all the more better, because he knew of his true capabilities and the prospect made him giddy. That didn't mean that it didn't hurt when they thought he was lying, of course it bloody hurt! No matter how many times it happened, it would always hurt. But that was okay, he was used to the feeling, by now. Yet, a large part of him knew that he deserved it. He was such a freak, like his aunt always told him. The raven-haired boy found, however, that his little "secrets" (such as the fact that if he didn't have to get lower than Dudley in all his assignments, he would pass with flying colors) helped. There were, of course, his larger secrets, such as how he often practiced his "freakishness" at nights where he didn't have any books to read, or tucked into an obscure corner of the playground where Dudley couldn't get him. Harry shuddered for a second, thinking of how mad his aunt would be if only she knew! Trying to edge his thoughts away from punishment as his Aunt unlocked the cupboard door and grabbed him roughly (not that he'd have trouble covering any bruises; the Dursleys had already informed both the principal and PE teacher that he would become too violent in any physical group activity, so it was best to make him sit out) by the arm to throw him out, he thought about how to fix the problem of the lack of light in the cupboard. The lightbulb itself had broken years ago, and it wouldn't go amiss if he could somehow warm himself too. Harry remembered the joy he had felt after reading Roald Dahl's Matilda; it was his favorite book and had inspired him to pursue what he could do further, in secret of course; always in secret. It had taken him the better part of one summer, to master moving things with his mind, and he could only practice during nights, which made him especially exhausted during the day, especially considering that using his ..."abilities",for lack of a better term, always wore him out. Oh, he'd gotten in so much trouble for his apparent laziness that Uncle Vernon broke two of his fingers (which wasn't too bad, since healing was the first aspect of his ability he'd learned the hard way, and his second was a way to somehow make the injuries look like they were still there, which he'd also learnt the hard way when his Aunt screeched about his "Freakishness" and locked him in his cupboard for three weeks!), but it was totally worth it! He felt so invincible, and not like a freak at all, since Matilda wasn't considered as such. Oh, how he wished he had a Miss Honey of his own to whisk him away! Unfortunately, he'd given up hope that would happen a long time ago, but he found that he would sometimes give in to fantasies; but they were nothing more than that- unattainable, childish dreams. Shaking his head slightly, he got up to make his "family" breakfast, as he ate the stale crumbs. iii Harry loved the school library. There were so many books he couldn't possibly count them all, which he had tried to do once, though he couldn't remember for the life of him what number he got up to, and not for lack of trying. There were all types of books: books about plants, books about science and maths and all sorts. Not to mention all the storybooks, which mentioned heroes with superpowers who were loved and adored by everyone and saved people and were never called freaks! The library itself was old and dusty and all the shelves were rickety and the books were falling apart. It was absolutely charming, and everything had the feeling of being used and loved. There were no computers at all, nor anything else electronic save for the lighting and heating, which meant that most kids (such as Dudley Dursley) didn't give it a second glance because books were too boring for them. Harry loved the school library, yet the librarian hated him, for some reason. Oh, who was he kidding, it wasn't for some reason! Harry knew, knew that the Dursleys had told the principal all about his "violent, criminal tendencies," who had of course then had to inform all of the staff members! The Dursleys fed the school lie after lie (a part of Harry was saying that they weren't lies, and that they were right and he was a freak and he deserved it) about Harry's apparent "behavioral problems." Of course, the teachers would readily believe anything they were told by other adults, and so even when the facts were staring them right in the face, with Harry being the most timid person in the whole class, when Harry got the highest marks in class (how was he even supposed to cheat if he were being watched all throughout his examinations?), they still believed the Dursleys over him. Yet, Harry still tried to savor his time in the library and all the books he could read there, ignoring the fact that Miss Floe hovered over him like a vulture. He briefly remembered the one time he had tried to ask if he could check a book out, and how Miss Floe glared at him and given him a lecture on how no she would not, how dare he, she did not condone vandalism of her books, and she even threatened to call the Dursley's if he attempted to ask again. It was similar to the lectures she gave him every time he'd entered the library, even though he would never dis-face a single page of a book, and never had, she still suspected him all the same. Today was no different- from the moment he came in she glared at him, even as he reached out to pick up a book on the lunar cycle and continued reading, engrossed, until the bell rang, signalling the end of lunch. "Make sure you put that book straight back where you found it! I'll have none of your funny business, child!" The old woman sounded so much like Aunt Petunia that Harry wondered what on earth they had told her, but then decided he would rather not know. Harry exited the library, only to find himself shoved into a wall the moment he did so. A chorus of "Harry Hunting! Harry Hunting!" exploded around him as his cousin, Dudley, punched him repeatedly in the stomach. "Oof!" he let out breathlessly, as he felt his ribs explode into a plethora of pain. Harry found himself being kicked anywhere pudgy legs could reach, as he begged, pleaded, for forgiveness. Of course his platitudes were ignored by the children around him, who were laughing gleefully, and by his attacker, who continued his clumsy ministrations. The teachers, for their part, either ignored what was going on, or decided he deserved it. Harry worked desperately to keep his power in check, knowing he would only be punished further if he was found out. However, as soon as Dudley, who decided he was hungry after all his hard work, left, Harry allowed his pain to be washed away as he let his body heal itself, reveling in the feeling of pure power. A/N: Hey! so this is the first kinda official chapter, it's more of something to ease into the way ive decided to shape harrys character. it'll be a coupla more chapters before he arrives at hogwarts, sorry guys. But I also wanted to note about how this fic would look into thoughts and feelings and reactions (like, i mean, i dont hate it, but you got the fics where harry takes on look at his parents and is cold hearted and powerfull and doesnt want anything to do with them. cmon guy, he's eleven) Anyway, as always folks, i shall have another chapter up by next thursday! reviews are greatly appreciated, this is my single most longest work, the one that i put the most time and effort into, yet im new at this, so bear in mind. thank you sooooo much for the favourites, reviews and follows. i'd like to leave you with a question: do you prefer a completley friendless harry, a harry with close close friend group who stick together, or for him to have a few tentaive friends, or for the same but for trust to build up between them? im wondering, but bear in mind he wont be truly alone: i plan for him to gain a snake familiar, to find a certain potrait and to slowly thaw the heart of one dour potions master. also, how many of you would like harry/draco slash? in futher years, of course.
Chapter Two: The (Quite Questionable) Letter "Boy! Get the post, now!" barked Uncle Vernon to a now ten-year old Harry Potter. "Yes, sir." complied Harry, flinching ever so slightly at the sound of his voice; not that he'd let Uncle Vernon see him do so, as it would surely result in the harsh buckle of a belt. Placing the toast and bacon he had just finished making in the center of the dining table for three, the scrawny boy headed towards the front door to pick up the mail that had been deposited at the bottom of the door. Crouching down, his black hair falling slightly into his eyes, Harry retrieved the post, flicking through it idly. Votings Polls, a bank statement for Vernon Dursley, a letter for-for… Harry let in a sharp intake of breath as he held a thick, yellowed envelope addressed to him. Him! Mr. , Number Four Privet Drive, The Cupboard Under The Stairs, read the envelope in emerald green ink and fancy calligraphy. He was shocked and confused, blinking to make sure he wasn't imagining it, but it was his name, yes, but…The Cupboard Under The Stairs? How the bloody hell- "BOY!" bellowed his Uncle, and in a split second decision, Harry stuffed the letter inside the overly large t-shirt he wore. "I'll not have any more of your insolence!" Which meant that he was getting the cane out. Great, he must've been really impatient this morning then. The scrawny boy darted into the kitchen, lowering his gaze as he muttered, "Sorry, Sir!" as he lay the remaining post atop the table. This, however, seemed to aggravate the massive man even more, if that were possible. Vernon exploded, his face turning purple in rage, "Now, listen here you insolent freak!..." And as his Uncle brought the cane down on him countless times, bruising his bones as Harry curled into a fetal position, silent tears of pain falling down his gaunt face, whilst his Uncle listed his many faults, his cousin simultaneously eating his third breakfast, guffawing at him in sheer delight, and his aunts eyes gleaming in wicked approval...Inside, Harry felt victorious as he felt the thick letter press into him, because he knew that there would be something life changing in it, and that the Dursleys didn't know he had it, and he was going against them yet again. Of course, that didn't stop the pain, the red hot pain that made him shake all over and wish he were simply not there, it didn't, but something else burned brighter- a flame of hope that ignited in his chest and told him that things were going to get better. iii For all his curiosity, Harry had somehow managed to get through the day without just ripping the letter open, Durseys or no. Obviously, that was a death wish, and so the boy (still in pain from earlier, as he knew his Aunt would get suspicious if he were suddenly cured) somehow managed to drift through his chores, weeding the garden and cooking roast chicken (Aunt Petunia's "Wonderful Duddikins" favorite!) of which, of course he got none of, unless you counted the offer to gnaw on the bones like the "fucking mutt he was," which Harry, for obvious reasons, didn't. But finally, finally Harry was subjected to the retreat to his cupboard, which Petunia was locking him in for crimes he wasn't paying attention to, only nodding gravely or apologising where it felt appropriate. Aptly, Harry listened for the tell-tale creaks that told him that his Aunt and Uncle had definitely turned in for the night, and once he could confirm they were sleeping from the thunderous snoring that he was frankly surprised none of the neighbours had complained about yet, he cautiously removed the letter from where it had been pressed to his stomach with shaking hands. Decidedly, he placed the letter next to him whilst he crouched for a moment, relieving himself from the pain he had felt all day. Harry could have cried, and he did, indeed, release a few tears, at the relief he felt as the bruises faded away slightly and it didn't hurt so much to simply breathe. Blinking away excess water in his eyes, he willed for a small ball of light to appear above him, grinning slightly as it did. It was so pretty! One of the few private joys he had left. He shivered slightly, as he wished for the room to become warmer. Feeling wholly comfortable and only marginally tired after expending his abilities, due to all his practice, Harry reached for the letter, breath catching slightly as he read the words on the envelope that had been on the forefront of his mind all day. Trembling, he ever-so-carefully broke the old fashioned red wax seal that was on the equally old fashioned papyrus-like paper. Excitedly, Harry started to read the first of the two letters that had been included. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the first line read. Hogawhat? Hog...warts? Witchcraft and Wizardry? Was that what he could do...but didn't wizards use wands? Head spinning in sheer bafflement and questions filling his head, Harry carried on reading, his eyebrows furrowed in thought. Headmaster; Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Oh. Well, this induced way more answers than questions. It could all be some sort of elaborate joke, but, of course Petunia and Vernon Dursley were not the sort to joke, and especially not with the likes of him. Dudley...No, Dudley certainly was not smart enough to come up with this, and even if he did the words were way too advanced to have been accumulated from his cousins highly lacking vocabulary, which consisted mainly of grunts and the singular pronoun "I", not to mention that Harry could recognise Dudley's handwriting, and he knew for a fact that his cousin didn't own such a fancy pen, green!, at that, nor did he have such weird paper. But, the letter being real didn't make any sense either...did it? He hadn't had his name registered for such a school; his aunt had made it abundantly clear he was to attend Stonewall High, the local comprehensive, and had reiterated many, many times how lucky he was that she was going out of her way to dye his clothes the correct color, for which he was expectedly grateful. Yet, the "Wizarding" part implied that whoever this was knew of his abilities, which he was certain that he'd hid rather well, if you'd ignore certain slip ups, which Harry certainly did not make again after a few broken arms and was the night of the twenty-ninth of June, which meant he had two more days to reply to the letter, which coincided with the date of his birthday. The whole thing was ridiculous, utterly ridiculous, and all the made up words such as "Mugwump" made Harry's head hurt...Why was being described as such a word seemingly a revered position? And owl? Why would they...whoever they were, be awaiting his owl? Maybe it was a code word or something? But why bother using such codes if no one had informed him beforehand of what they meant? It couldn't be a simple mistake of giving it to the wrong person, certainly not, since it had his name on it twice, once on the envelope, the other the letter. And then there was the fact that it had been addressed to the occupant of the cupboard underneath the stairs, and there was no way in hell that any of the Dursleys (apart from Dudley, who could have flaunted it whilst gloating, but Harry had already overruled Dudleys participation in any of this) had disclosed any part of his living environment, and there was no way in hell Harry had. Oh, he'd tried, alright. When Vernon had broken three (or from what he could tell) of his ribs when he'd tried to sneak some food from the fridge at night after he'd only been able to chew at some mint leaves and some water from the garden hose for the whole week. He'd read in a book about how a girl who was getting similar (though less harsh) treatment to him had gone to a teacher and it had all gotten better. Stupidly, blindly, Harry had gotten hopeful. Gathering up all his courage, he went to his Year Four teacher, where he had confessed all about the cupboard, that starvation, even the beatings. The teacher, Miss Bales, had never liked him, granted, but he'd read that teachers were supposed to be impartial. Of course, what the books (which he now decided to use as a crutch for his own observations, instead of trusting them without further fact checking) had failed to mention was that impartial didn't mean much in the face of pure skepticism, distrust and something akin to actual hatred(?) (just what, exactly, had Petunia told all the staff? He was nine years old and a seemingly mediocre and mostly quite student, for God's sake, how could he elicit such emotions?), and that, when faced with such accusations, their resolution was to actually inquire with said people who were being accused. Needless to say, the couple had reigned in their temper and had, in a few well placed simpering comments and remarks, had given a seemingly standard lecture of: "Poor Harry has never been the same after his parents were killed in that car crash. We've tried all we could, but he's got a penchant for attention seeking and bullying, the child has a sort of sadistic streak, you see, and probably thought it would be funny to see us get in trouble by lying. It's a hard decision, but myself and Vernon are trying to help him get past it, but he refuses any form of therapy, and he's getting to an age where he tries to be quite, well, violent and we're trying but it seems inevitable that he'll get a criminal record at this rate..." and at that point, Harry had stopped listening, feeling slightly sick and he had, actually, vomited what little food he'd had in stomach. As soon as Miss Bales had left, there'd certainly been hell of the worst kind to pay. After the teacher had retreated with platitudes of regret for not pegging him out for a liar in the first place, and her condolences of the burden placed upon their family, the fake smiles had dropped and Harry found himself being slammed into the wall, hard. Thick, meaty fingers closed tightly around his own thin neck as his Uncle snarled ferally at him, spittle accosting Harry's face, his eyes shut tightly as he bellowed, "You idiot, good for nothing freak! You fucking freak! You thought that you'd tell someone, did you? Thought that they wouldn't be fucking happy at us beating the freak out of you? Now, if you ever think of telling someone about what goes on in our household again, make no mistake…" At that, the man chuckled darkly, his beady, piggish eyes taking on a darkly sadistic gleam of utter glee. Afterwards, it was pretty difficult focusing on much of anything, other than the pain. A punch to the jaw (in a rare divergence of retaliation to the unspoken to the "no visible marks" rule) so hard Harry was shocked that he managed to keep all of his teeth; Vernon kicking and punching every inch of him he could reach with all his force, which was a fucking lot considering the major size difference, and finally reaching for the belt, lashing out with all the force he had, his puce colored face perspiring, his face victorious, whilst his nephew lay near comatose beneath him, defenseless, bleeding and in so much pain, he was shaking uncontrollably. Vernon smirked; stating coldly "No, I don't think you'll ever even think of telling anyone." And all Harry could think of was that he would never become the person his Uncle had described him as, never become a bully (which was putting it quite mildly, actually) or treat someone badly for no reason than existing. If Harry were to conform to the expectations everyone had of him, then he'd let his Uncle win, and then what would the point be? Harry snapped out of his reverie, shaken, remembering the problem at hand. He decided that it would become obvious, once the evasive staff members of the odd school had realised that he'd not been able to owl them (maybe they actually used real owls to communicate, since the words weren't capitalized as an acronym would be? But then how did they tame them?), they would provide the necessary means to contact him. Maybe Harry should mail them? But he had no money for a stamp and Uncle Vernon would have a fit if he realised that Harry had stolen something of his. Yawning, the boy belatedly realised just how tired he was. He decided to stow the letter away in a nook of the cupboard, lest it be discovered. Curling up in the warmth the cupboard provided, courtesy of whatever the heck he'd done to emanate it, Harry Potter fell asleep.A/N: hello fellow people of Earth! god, im tired, and i know that this is insanely early (stuff the timezone) but i was awake so i figured i may as well post this chapter! it feels great, knowing that ive got plenty of chapters to last at least a month written in advance. something im having trouble with is that i literally want to give every character an actual character, a story, and to redeem them, which is a hassle. luckly this is only within the throes of my mind so far! also something that annoys me is that this site seems to be american english whilst i write british english, and my abhorrent spelling makes it difficult to tell whether i actually misspelled the word or america did (no patriotism intended; its called h) also, feel perfectly free to leave review. i feel a bit pathetic, if you must know, constantly checking for them.
Chapter Three: Not-Really Family Reunions Morning found Harry dutifully cooking breakfast, as per usual, for the Dursleys. Though his mind was not completely engrossed with the task, he knew better than to let it distract him and ruin the food. Then, just after he had finished buttering the toast, there were two successions of rapt knocking on the door. Harry's heart clenched; he couldn't let himself get too hopeful! Yet, he knew that the Dursleys always made sure that no-one ever turned up uninvited, so they'd be able to make sure that Harry wasn't visible. It could just be a coincidence that his letter had shown up just the day before, right? Uncle Vernon grunted at his "Pet-Flower" to tend to the door, and Harry could hear the click of the door opening and the obvious disagreement that followed as his aunt screeched heatedly at whoever was on the other side. He strained his ears as he tried to listen to the conversation whilst simultaneously tending to the breakfast; he'd gotten quite good at multitasking, over the years. "...No, Lily! No, I told you that if I were to take him in he'd have no part in such freakishness, I told you!" Harry's heart sped up...were they talking about him? They must be. Who else would his aunt be referring to? "Tuney...My son...have a right...his letter…" this was another female voice; speaking softly but with clear anger and impatience. Harry almost dropped the toast as he carried it towards Dudley and Uncle Vernon; Dudley who was eating sweets looking unconcerned and Vernon who was getting more and more plum faced by the minute. Harry heard a venom laced "Fine!" from his aunt being spat as she moved out of the way to let two people through. His heart sped up as he caught sight of the strangers… At the forefront was a handsome, dark haired man, his messy hair long and untamed, his features sharp and his warm hazel eyes wide beneath wiry spectacles. He wore an odd style of clothing, colored deep red and sort of like a toga; the hem reaching down towards his ankles and long sleeves that extended slightly past his hands. The woman behind him had pale skin and angular features, her vivid red hair tumbling past her waist and her almond shaped green eyes, which, though not as bright as Harry's, were still strongly expressive. She wore normal clothing compared to her husband; pale blue jeans and a flowery blouse. Harry stood, open jawed and wide eyed as he looked at the people who were, without a doubt, his parents. He could recognise Lily from the one old photograph he possessed of her, albeit in one which she was depicted as a child of roughly fifteen. He could see the term "My parents", which previously were just words that carried with them strong emotions, bleary figures in the back of his mind from old, old memories of his childhood, suddenly sharpen with clarity. My parents, who he'd dreamed about since he was one years old. My parents, who he was told were dead. He couldn't move, he couldn't, he was stuck to the spot, he was going to faint, he was. My parents are alive, my parents are alive, they're alive, they're fucking alive, a mantra that coursed through his head as he stared at them in shock, greedily drinking up their features. He wasn't sure how, exactly, he felt. He was sad, happy, angry and more emotions that he, as a ten year old, couldn't name; he wasn't even Harry in that moment, he was a storm of raw, unadulterated emotion and the singular thought My parents are alive. Vernon stood angrily in front of a cowering Dudley, looking as if unsure as to whether or not to direct his fury towards Harry, the man, or the woman (Lily?), or to comfort his son, who was hovering over his pile of confectionery protectively. "Just what," he spluttered, "My house! I'll have none of that...In here! That boy!" His rage was so strong it seemed that he was unable to string together coherent sentences. Petunia stood to the side, radiating clear loathing for the couple who stood in front of her, her horse like features bared in something akin to a snarl. The man grinned at Vernon, his eyes alight and mischievous as he reached out his hand towards him in a gesture of supposed goodwill. "Ah, you must be Vernon Dursley! Pleasure, pleasure. The name's James Potter." Lily swatted at her husbands shoulders halfheartedly; she could recognize when he was less than saintly in his intentions. "James," she hissed. Harry stood as still as he could, barely breathing, continually shell-shocked. His parents, Lily and James Potter (God, God those were their names! Harry now had names to the solitary figures that he'd unconditionally, irrevocably loved without fail despite what was being said about them. Harry had only ever heard them being referred to by his aunt as 'lowlifes', 'drunkards', or 'Freaks'), were here, in Number Four Privet Drive. So many questions, Harry couldn't even begin to think of them all. Why did they abandon him?, and variations of this question stood prominent. Was it because they didn't want him, or were they forced to give him up? Presently James (Harry briefly pondered referring to him as "Dad" in his head, but then decided against it; he didn't want to set himself up for disappointment) James retracted his hand when Vernon refused to let his own meaty hands grasp them. "Now, where's Harry? We presume that you've all seen the letter? We're on a tight schedule, y'see, we really need to pick Liam up…" Ignoring Vernon's indigent squawks, James craned his head, looking around presumably for Harry. He cast a hesitantly distasteful look towards Dudley, but Lily shook her head at him in silent disagreement. Head spinning, nearly breathless, Harry stepped out of the shadows wherein he'd previously been cowering uncertainly in. Ignoring Vernon's hissed threats and Petunias glares, even though he knew that he would be in trouble, in so much damn trouble when they left, Harry gave a hesitant smile towards the couple, trying to straighten out his hair slightly, even though James's hair was way worse in comparison. "Hi," he said, nearly curling in on himself. James and Lily looked at the child, their child, in front of them. He was a small, unassuming thing, in comparison to his twin counterpart who was all big bones and confident stature. He was dressed scruffily in rags that were way too large on him, and was pale as a sheet, like he'd never seen sunlight before. The boy, Harry James Potter, had emerald green eyes with the slightest flecks of gold, that shone with emotion and were unnervingly luminous. They were bespectacled by circular glasses that had been broken and fixed many times with a muggle adhesive known as Sello-Tape. His hair, black as night, was like his father's; hopelessly untamed even as he attempted to give it some semblance to neatness. Lily smiled softly in a detached sort of way towards the boy who could have been her own, had she wished it to be so. She knew that she had to be the mother Liam needed and that she couldn't afford to dedicate her time to anyone else other than her husband, so why, in Merlin's name, was she feeling guilty? Lily suppressed the feeling as soon as it arose, she knew it would be no good to dwell on these things, she was just here to pick the boy up, and then, then she could forget, even though he would live in her familys' home… "Hello, Harry," she said quietly, feeling an inexplicable urge to embrace him but deciding against it at the last minute. She instead chose to lay a hand on his shoulder, and felt an indescribable emotion when he violently flinched away from him, seemingly as a product of habit. The signs were all there, the skittishness, the thin frame, the used clothing...yet, either consciously or subconsciously, the two decided to ignore what screamed at them right in front of their faces, for they could not bear to be wrong. James spared an amicable grin for Harry, as though they hadn't just met him, as though Harry didn't have a million and one questions. "Harry, great!… Go 'n get your things, we'll be leaving soon!" Harry looked at James, equal parts confused and hopeful. "L-Leaving? W-What...I mean...They told me you were dead!" He was so frustrated he didn't stop to consider the consequences of speaking out of turn or raising his voice...but, then again, James Potter didn't seem the sort to hand out punishments, so it was easier to forget in comparison to being faced with, say, Uncle Vernon. James turned towards Vernon, frowning. "Is this true?" he asked, his tone mildly threatening. He didn't like that his sons victory was forgoed. It was Petunia who answered, her pent up frustration finally released: "Yes! Yes, okay, we told the boy that his parents died in a car crash, and they might as well have been for all you cared! Nine years, nine bloody years we kept this boy, fed and clothed him and tried to squash the freakiness inside him! Nine years and you never contacted him, never stopped by, what were supposed to tell him?! Take him the fuck with you and don't you dare bring him back after he's corrupted by that freak s-school like you were!" By the end of tirade, Harry's Aunt was flushed and breathless in a most Un-Petunia like way. Harry watched with a detached morbid fascination. "Oh, Tuney-" Lily began sadly, realizing where her sisters reproach for anything magical came from. "No! No, Lily Potter," She spat the name out like it was acid on her tongue. "You have five minutes to take that boy and your-your husband! Away from my family. We shan't be tainted by the likes of you any more!" She said the last sentence with an air of finality before turning around and walking out of the kitchen, muttering obscenities underneath her breath. Uncle Vernon looked torn between staying with Dudley, who was now continuing eating his sweets piggishly and unabashedly, and running off after his wife. Lily was staring at in frustration at the direction her sister had just left in. James continued to be oblivious, as he turned towards Harry who didn't really know what to think. It was true that his parents had abandoned him, but they must have had a good reason, right? Right? He certainly couldn't think of anything a one-year old would have done to cause their parents to leave them alone for ten years. Anyway, it's not as if Harry had much of a choice in the matter; Aunt Petunia had made it very, very clear that he wasn't welcome anymore at Number Four Privet Drive underneath any certain terms, and like hell Harry was going to turn his mysterious parents down, anywhere was better than here. James said to Harry rather brightly: "Righto then, kiddo. Pack your bags and we'll give you some time to say goodbye to your -um- family," He looked at Uncle Vernon and Dudley with obvious disgust as Lily once again swatted him lightly, "and then we'll take you home!" Home. Harry wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. Home was a somewhat foreign concept to him; it was either the Dursley's house or the cupboard...Home insinuated somewhere where he felt comfortable and safe, and indeed Harry had never had a home before. The closest he could ever say he felt home was when he was reading books, and yes, Harry did realize how pathetic that was. So...this man, James Potter, offering him, the freak who was a burden, who no one would ever, could ever, want, a home? Harry felt that he was entitled to being skeptical. But still...He could try. If he kept in mind not to become too attached, not to give too much of himself to an equation doomed to fail, since Harry Potter and positive words like happiness, success and loved, did not go in the same sentence. (Oh, If only Harry knew, back then, knew how heavily he'd fail at distancing himself emotionally, and that from the first time the couple stepped through the door at Number Four Privet Drive they possessed every emotional advantage over him, a gaping weakness within his seemingly unbreakable armor) The boy gave another hesitant smile in answer to the blinding one given to him by James. "Y-Yes,... sir?" It came out as a question as Harry fidgeted slightly, unsure as to what to call his biological father by aloud. James, for the first time since entering, showed physical discomfort, and even Lily winced slightly. He turned towards his wife in askance and then turned towards his son again. "Call me...Call me Dad? No, not Dad," for even he could figure out that they would never quite be father and son, not that he desired it to be so, after all, he had his hands quite full with Liam. But if Harry was to be living with them, then he couldn't address him so formally. "Call me James." And then he grinned happily again, as though nothing were wrong. Either the man had an iron grip over his emotions, or he was just painfully oblivious. Harry blanched slightly as James as good as told him that he didn't want Harry as a son. Well, fine then, Harry didn't particularly want a dad who abandoned him for nine years without an explanation. But still, the option of declination would've been appreciated. "Okay, James," Harry rectified, testing the name on his tongue. It actually tasted quite sour, come to think of it. He hesitated slightly, and then edged past Lily who was hovering with uncertainty, and practically ran past Uncle Vernon just in case he decided to try something. After he escaped from the kitchen, he scuttled cautiously towards the cupboard, not wanting his not-quite-parents to know where he was sleeping- in case they didn't already know, keeping where the letter was addressed in mind. He grappled around for the small knapsack that he used when he had to stay over at Mrs Figg, the residual crazy cat lady (before she'd passed away), when Dudley and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon went on trips. Harry packed all of his clothes; which consisted of three faded t-shirts, two pairs of jeans and four pairs of odd socks, all of them Dudley cast offs, naturally. He then, after a moment of consideration, packed his small "treasures" which he had accumulated over the years, which were a few books, a tattered analogue wrist watch which he had salvaged from the rubbish bin after watching Dudley throw it away; a worn down photograph of his mum which he had also found in the rubbish bin after his Aunt had him clean out the attic (he briefly considered setting this on fire, in an act of petty rebelliousness, but then decided not to until he heard the explanation as to why his parents allowed him to think them dead, which better be mighty good) and finally his Hogwarts letter, which he decided to stuff in the bottom of his bag. Harry surveyed the cupboard, knowing, hoping, that he wouldn't see it again, at least not for a long time. He looked at the folded bedspread, which had been torn and mended many a time, that hadn't been replaced since he was three years old and must've been, at one point, white, but was now completely a rusty brown color due to all the blood that had been washed off and then reapplied over the years. Harry then spared a single, though bittersweet in nature, smile for the small spiders that had come to be his only friends over the years, and incidentally perhaps the only thing he would miss about this damn place. Zipping the misshapen duffel shut, he slung the thing over his shoulders as he shut the cupboard door behind him. He timidly walked back to the kitchen, where Lily and James stood, almost awkwardly, as they were waiting for him. Uncle Vernon was decidedly ignoring the two of them as he ate (read: attacked) his now cold breakfast, and Dudley was whining to no one in particular that he wanted more sweets, with Lily almost imperceptibly sending questioning, borderline disgusted glances towards him, making no move to offer conversation with her nephew. "Ready, Harry?" she asked, who looked more than happy to leave after the disastrous confrontation with her sister. Harry gave an apprehensive nod, shifting from foot to foot, as he himself was ready to say farewell to the blasted half-life he'd lived 'till now. "Well, I'll just let you say your goodbyes then. We'll be waiting in the car." Lily smiled at him as she nodded towards James, who was striding eagerly out the kitchen faster than a ghost could say boo. Lily gave a slightly apologetic look towards the occupants of the house currently in the kitchen, before gliding out, no less enthusiastically, after her partner. Uncle Vernon gave a single of his nastiest glares that he usually reserved for when he'd had the worst days at work towards the direction they departed in, and then turned towards Harry, who blanched, and then took to the urge to cower in a corner. After all, those glares were usually the last thing he saw before the world blurred around the edges, and all he knew was pain, pain, pain. Vernon grinned wolfishly at Harry, speaking softly, yet with a sense of urgency… "Oh, Boy...You think that this'll be your happily ever after, do you now? Think that your new family will whisk you away from the naughty Dursley's, and that you'll tell the rest of those freaks how we treated you, hmm? Think that they'll come after us and you'll get your revenge? Well... THINK AGAIN!" Harry jumped at the sudden volume of his voice, as Vernon roared the last two words, and then calmed down slightly as he carried on in that same even tone. "They don't care about you Boy." He continued condescendingly, his voice slightly pitying, bordering on mocking, as one would address a dog who they knew lack the intellect to grasp the intensity of the situation. "They don't give a shit, y'know? They prefer your brother over you; one twin over another. Rather sad, isn't it?" He said, in a tone of voice that made it seem as though he thought the opposite. Harry let out a slight gasp at this, light headed, still frozen in fear; he had a brother; a twin! A twin brother, a twin brother. Vernon let out a low chuckle that sent shivers down Harry's spine before continuing: "Yes...Your brother. Defeated some poncey Dark Lord or another, he did, and they abandoned you, let some old coot throw you at our doorstep without more than a letter of warning... So, like it or not, you owe us, Boy: you belong to us, you always will, and let me tell you, you won't breathe. A. Single. Fucking. Word. About anything we may or may not have done to you...I mean, more than likely they won't even give a shit, perhaps they'd even thank us, seeing as you'll likely be no more than a freak even among your lot," It obviously took a lot out of his Uncle to refer to them as a whole at all even without speaking the sole term 'wizard.' "Anyway...just thought I'd give you a little present, a reminder, if you may, before you left." Vernon let out an evil grin, and Dudley seemed to take a more active interest in what was going on with vindictive pleasure, more than happy to give his father a helping hand. Harry flinched violently and briefly considered fleeing to the relative safety of James and Lily, before deciding against it, as Vernon's size and eagerness would trump over his own speed and reflexes. The child could only curl in on himself in a poor attempt to brace his body for what was to come. iii A/N: yes im posting the exact same hour it turns tuesday (well. here in england) because whyever not. i hope that you liked this chapter! im not sure how well i...made? lily and james. do you like them so far? do you see either of them that had a mindset susceptible to change in the far/near future? hmmmm annnnyyyhow, if you liked this, then leave a review if you can! those things make me grin like the idiot that i am! also so i was thinking about tonks and was like "wait if shes always changing her face then how do you know who she is". like imagine someone going "oh hi, who are you?" when they knew tonks, but she didnt look like her. so then i was like, oh thats why she always says "wotcher" bc it indicates that its her! But then i realised that she only ever changes her hair color unless shes doing the nose trick. But did she ever use her abilities for usefull order stuff? i cant remember... like imagine her going to death eater meeting as lucius or pretending to be a new recruit. Anyway sorry for the rant, i had too much coffee i think, or maybe ive just inhaled too much clay fumes...also! im insanelyyy thankfull for how many followers ive gotten! i know its to do more with the size of the fandom than the quality of my writing, but im flattered nonetheless. i hope that you're enjoying this! honestly even if you weren't reviewing or following or anything, just reading, the knowledge that someone, anyone, people, are reading my story like how i read other peoples, makes me giddy and thankful. see you next tuesday! 3
Chapter Four: And Away From The Dursley's We Go "Why's he taking so lo-o-o-ong," bemoaned James Potter towards an equally impatient Lily Potter, though she daren't show it, as she took often it in her stride to present herself as an example to her immature husband. She sat at the wheel of their Mercades, (which she had gotten after insisting to James that even though neither of them had any desire to consort with Muggles, though they did not outright disdain them, that a method to get around in their world would prove valuable in the upcoming war, no matter how far, to which James only grudgingly agreed to), barely resisting the urge to tap her nails against the leather upholstery. Her husband seemed to hold no such reservations as he bounced up and down in his seat. Lily sighed. "Well...I suppose it must be rather hard to say goodbye to the people who he's counted as family all his life, and at such short notice too!" She briefly speculated this- the Dursley's didn't seem to show Harry much regard, from the short amount of time she'd witnessed their dynamics. Then, she instantly dispelled such thoughts, guilty of thinking so little of her sister. Obviously Lily wouldn't be able to gauge the boy's lifestyle in under twenty minutes of observation, and evidence pointed out that they'd been protective of Harry by not sending him back to a world that didn't want him, and they must've lied to him for the same reasons, mused Lily. Yes, of course, it was granted that they wouldn't treat Harry like a son, for which she was partially grateful considering how the Dursleys own offspring had turned out. Her thoughts were interrupted by James, who sullenly retorted: "But, but! They're just muggles-!" He whined childishly and Lily turned towards him fully, feeling sparks of her famed temper rise within her. James, seeming to realize he'd said something wrong, cowered. "James Charlus Potter! Don't you dare finish that sentence!" She exclaimed, grinding her teeth in frustration. Honestly. Whilst she knew that her husband would never, could never, be a Death Eater, torturing and killing muggles and muggle-born all la-di-dah, it was quite frustrating when he used such ill-thought out statements. It was borne from years of ingrained pureblood bigotry propaganda passed down from generation to generation, and try as she may over the years to drown it out, it would always lay dormant, second nature, within him. Although privately, and she would never admit this to anyone other than herself, she agreed with him slightly, to the point of thinking herself better than muggles, despite having once lived within said community and being the Muggle Studies Professor at Hogwarts. Still! Anyone could hear him, and it certainly wouldn't do for any busybody overhearing that the Head Auror and the father of The-Boy-Who-Lived had a Death Eater-esque mindset! She could only shudder, thinking of the damage it would do to Liam's reputation. Of course, it was of the uttermost importance that no one had even the slightest of reservations with her son so that he would be able to lead them to victory when the time was ripe. So, with that in mind, she continued to chide her husband, who looked appropriately ashamed of his actions, ignoring the voice in her head that told her that she was acting like a complete and utter hypocrite, telling herself that it was, after all, for The Greater Good. For a moment longer, neither of them seemed to remember who they were here for as they were suitably lost in their own roles, before James commented, "So. He wasn't what I thought he'd be. Though, I can't honestly say I thought of him much over the years," he was serious now, as he so often was when assuming his role as Head Auror. Rare silence for a moment, hesitation, and then a reply of: "Yeah, I see what you mean. I guess I kind of thought he'd be more like Liam, you know, seeing as they're twins 'n all. Then again, I guess you can't expect anyone, regardless of relation, to be quite like Liam," they both shared wide smiles as they reminisced their son, who, in their eyes, was perfect and could do no wrong, seeing as he was destined for Great Things. After all, they all remembered the horror, devastation and loss of the last Wizarding War, and to think that one single child, their child, could end it all? Well, one certainly couldn't blame them if they were slightly overindulgent, for it stood to reason that if Liam Potter was as good as You-Know-Who and his lot were bad, then he certainly deserved all they gave him, all the love and attention, and more. It just didn't occur to the proud parents that a fruit spoiled was a fruit rotten. As had become per natural order in the last decade or so, the conversation then took home to Liam's achievements, from his first word to his recent Hogwarts letter to his skill on a broom and his hereditary good looks and strong boned stature (which, when referred to as such later on, would make his brother, Harry, snigger uncontrollably, and when questioned, would only laugh harder, if that were possible), but before it did, their other son was brought up, if only briefly and in a dismissive manner, but discussed all the same. Lily spoke hesitantly, "Do you...Do you think we did the right thing?" She already knew the answer, but even so, the confirmation of another would be reassuring, to say the least. James didn't need to enquire what she was referring to, knowing her well after all their years together spent married, or so he thought, anyway. He looked at his wife softly, lovingly, reaching forward to caress her cheek lightly. "' 'Course we did, Lills', 'course we did. We did what we had to, what was best for Liam, and it's not as though we left him in an orphanage! He was with those mug-" He paused, and then hastily rectified, "With his Aunt and Uncle, after all, and his cousin! He'd've had plenty of company, plus we didn't know that he'd be a wizard, it would've been outright cruel to raise him as the squib brother of the Boy-Who-Lived, you know it would've, I mean just look at your sister. Besides, it was under the direction of Albus Dumbledore, and he's earned his right as the Leader of The Light and as the defeater of the last Dark Lord, Grindelwald. If he says that something is right, then is has to be, yeah? If not him, then who else other than ourselves can we trust?" He finished, unknowingly repeating a paraphrase of Lily's exact thoughts that fateful night. Lily looked him dead in the eyes, the beautiful brown eyes of the man she'd fell in love with and, to this very day, continued to love even more, if that was indeed possible. She felt as if all she'd ever felt towards him, every ounce of affection, was poured into the heated gaze that rested between them, as she also emitted through her own jade colored eyes what he meant to her. She, in that moment more than ever, felt eternally grateful to have found James, her James, and even more so that he'd grown up to be this way. Lily was certain that, with the air so charged between them, they would've kissed if not for the way their seats had separated them. She honestly prefer it that way, for a simple collision of lips felt too...plebeian to display what she felt for her husband and best friend. So she simply settled for a whispered "Thank you," knowing that James would interpret its meaning. They exchanged soft smiles, and continued the relatively short wait in a comforting sort of silence, each lost in their own private thoughts and worries. iii Harry whimpered slightly as he limped his way out of the kitchen, feeling blood trickle down his back, thankfully hidden by the darkness of his t-shirt. It wouldn't do for Lily and James to find out so early of his true nature. The boy dared stop for a second as he stood in the hallway to heal himself; no, it certainly just would not do for the couple to find out what he was. The boy looked around desperately, hoping that Vernon Dursley had made good on his promise and would not try and seek Harry out. He suppressed a sigh of relief when the worst of his injuries, namely the broken and fractured bones, had been healed, knowing that Vernon had warned him of what would happen if he disturbed his Aunt Petunia, who had no desire to see his disgusting face ever again, and the next time he would see her was at his funeral, assuming people thought that he was worth the money, which he very clearly was not. Honestly, Harry was surprised and even a little touched to see that they cared so much as to think ahead, though he did, for obvious reasons, not voice this aloud. They were probably eagerly anticipating his death, after all. Clutching his rather meager knapsack tightly with white knuckles, Harry made his way towards the sparkly silver car that was parked in the driveway of the perfectly made lawns of the Dursley residence, courtesy of himself, naturally. He knew that this was obviously the Potters (admittedly, it felt quite bizarre to refer to them as such, even if it was only in the recesses of his mind. After all, he had spent much of his life referred to as Potter, by the teachers, who called most of the students bar himself by the forenames, and by the Dursley's when they were feeling particularly fair willed, which, mind you, was not often, considering he'd thought that his name was either 'Boy' or 'Freak' or perhaps a mixture of both, before Vernon had, quite literally, beat it into him to answer to "Harry" or "Potter" or "Harry Potter" without giving the reason beforehand as to why. However, Harry was digressing) Potters car, since one did not need above average observation skills (like he'd developed for the simple matter of survival) to know that the automobile was not usually one that was parked at the forefront of the Dursley abode. With humor, or, that is to say, as much humor as the ten-year old (soon to be eleven) could've possibly mustered in such a shaken and painful state, Harry wondered blithely as to whether the top of the range car, which is what he could garner it indeed was after having read the few books he had on transportation, in addition to overhearing some of Dudley's more intelligent conversations about the different brands of car, constituted as abnormal and therefore embarrassing, or whether it was revered that such a car had appeared at the front of their house, for whatever amount of time and for whatever reason, as it was a clear representation of higher status and wealth, as the Dursley's so often sought to present themselves as. The boy knew that Aunt Petunia could spin the tale to the neighbors that Vernon had rented the car, but that all the residents within Number Four Privet Drive would come to loathe the car and the world it stood for, at least for them. Of course, Harry knew that most children of his age would find no comedy within such a contradictory situation, and even fewer would manage to locate said contradictions, but, then again, Harry was no ordinary boy; though for better or worse seemed to remain in question; although after the life he'd led so far, the metaphorical scales appeared to be leaning in the direction of "worse". The child slipped on the scuffed trainers he wore, and incidentally the only pairs of shoes he owned; perhaps the one thing, save for the cupboard itself, that he owned that hadn't been a cast off of Dudleys. This Harry was grateful for, for his growth was already so unfaliably stunted that he could not afford to have problems with his feet too, problems which he would have surely contracted if he wore such large shoes, that would appear clown-esque on him. He smiled to himself slightly, and though it was quite tremulous in nature, it was a genuine smile nonetheless, for which he was proud of himself to be capable of so soon after such a painful beating, of the likes he had only felt a handful of times before, yet it seemed to hurt the most now, when things finally started to look up, only to come crashing down on him, quite literally. Although it was quite a trivial accomplishment, for if he were to interact with his biological family, he knew that he would have to act nothing short of overjoyed. Harry wasn't stupid, far from it, really, though few people save from himself knew and even less would admit to it. From reading a mixture of different novels, the boy had grasped onto the knowledge that no one, and especially not a child, should be treated as he had, yet, of course, situations such as his still arose merely due to the fact that humans such as the Dursely's, were simply despicable. Well, it wasn't as simple as that, Harry knew. If you asked any of their associates they would describe them as quite the opposite, and it seemed that the only person they'd treated with such levels of hostility was Harry himself. So, it wasn't that the Dursley's themselves were despicable, rather it was their actions solely towards Harry. And, if you thought about it even more, which Harry often found himself doing in the seclusion of his cupboard once he had no more books left to read, you'd realised that most of the hatred they'd had towards Harry was centered on his "Freakishness." Before today, Harry had been able to tell from the familiarity that Petunia had treated the ability he'd had with, that she'd perhaps had a rather frightening encounter with someone who'd been of the same "type" as him. Petunia had went to Vernon, who'd promised to protect her, and Dudley...well, truth be told, Harry rather pitied Dudley. He'd been raised with the incentive to loathe Harry, and had only been acting with the example of his parents. This, coupled with the pairs abhorrent, lazy approach to parenting wherein they constantly doted on the boy, overfed him and praised him constantly, even where it was in no way deserved, made Dudley the horrific product of society he was today. Anyway, after Petunias tirade, it'd been clear that Lily had been a witch (after much consideration, Harry had decided that Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry made to refer to females as witches and males as wizards) and that Petunia had loathed her for it, for whatever reason that may be. So. The sufficient evidence was set and done, and the logic was consistent enough, and it made sense of the whole blasted situation. Yet, it seemed that the human heart really was beyond the reach of logic, for Harry still felt pangs of hatred for all three of the Dursleys. He didn't want to hurt them, of course not, he felt pained at the thought of revenge, for that would make him as bad as the Dursleys, even worse for he'd be acting simply for the pleasure of it, and not in a twisted sense of righteousness, as they were. Although he knew that if they were in danger, even Uncle Vernon, he'd still save them, as they were still his family, in the most twisted, convoluted way there was, and they'd had raised him (sort of) and taught him the valuable lesson of what not to do in life. His heart felt convoluted, blackened, disgusting, with the hatred he felt, and he wanted nothing more than to rid himself of it. Alas, the human heart often seems to work in the opposite of the way we want it to, for it flees all attempts at the invasion of the mind and pierces its way to the very core of who we are. In the same way, Harry could do naught to control the heightened feeling of utter worthlessness he felt; the niggling feeling that every lie his Aunt, Uncle and Cousin had spout of him were nothing more than the truth. And of course, no amount of logic could battle the aftermath of abuse. Now, Harry had yet to delve too deeply into psychology, namely his own, for he was still, if anyone had forgotten, a ten year old boy. He'd only managed to make sense of the Dursley situation with, as he often did, sheer willpower; which he'd coupled with logic, a basic understanding of human nature which, along with many things he'd been forced to develop simply to survive, his above average intelligence and finally countless hours spent in isolation and self reflection in his dark, damp cupboard. Somewhere along the line, he'd come up with the inklings of a theory, which he'd continuously altered, as he learned and matured more, until today. No amount of "understanding" could cleanse the boy of the natural distrust he felt towards, well, everyone, especially since not a soul had offered him hide nor hair of kindness in his entire ten years of existence; well, for all he knew anyway, as he obviously couldn't remember his first year of youth. He also had an ingrained tendency to be secretive and reserved, and to hide himself; and his bodily reactions towards human contact, which had been proven today as he edged away from the simple hand Lily had placed on his shoulder, even though she wasn't Uncle Vernon. Yet, in essence, he was just a boy who'd been mistreated his entire childhood, and, more than anything he longed for a family, for a sense of belonging, so it was a given that he'd jump at the first chance of it, even if he was somewhat skeptical of "magic school", his long-lost parents, and a brother he didn't know existed. Harry resolved that he'd get the full story out of James and Lily, and it had better be hella good. It was as if he were fighting war within himself, and the usually blank-faced boy found that, to his absolute horror, that he felt, well, he didn't know exactly what he felt! His emotions churned and spun within him, a wild storm the one minute, and a calming ocean the next. So, for now, given his inner conflict, Harry was quite content to see where the situation headed; he couldn't afford to loathe his parents for what they had done, quite literally, as his aunt and uncle certainly would not be donating expenses towards his cause, and he certainly wanted to attend Hogwarts. If he could forge a relationship with his estranged family in the process, then great, though he certainly was not getting his hopes up (or so he'd thought.) Shaking his head in disbelief of how a single, odd letter had changed his life so dramatically within less than an hour, Harry turned toward Number Four, Privet Drive for what he hoped to be the last time. The sun shone brightly in the morning light, over the perfectly made flowerbeds (which, if he said so himself, he was rather proud of),evenly cut grass and the modest house which screamed of "normal" and said nothing off the rather horrific events that so often took place within its walls. Surprisingly, Harry felt rather apathetic towards the property itself; he would certainly not miss it nor what it stood for. The only thing Harry felt anything resembling attachment to was the flowers he'd spent so long nurturing, the spiders, and perhaps even his cupboard, to a certain extent. The boy felt as though this moment were symbolic, a not quite farewell to this portion of his life. With that rather joyful deduction, Harry shuffled towards the silver Mercades, knocking lightly on the door. (long) A/N: And so i find myself posting at midnight once again *sigh* Anyway, this was more of a filler chapter than anything (i never got what they meant properly before now) and there'll probably be more of the sort. It really is weird, to be writing something so long and to actually be invested in it. i could just be sitting anywhere, and suddenly i have all these words in my head and a certain scene plays out. it's exciting tho, but god is writing hard :( The pace is kinda slow, tbh, bc im just trying to set up the dyanamics and how harry feels, and his thought process. In these and coming chapters he wont really seem much like a slytherin bc of how much he wants to be accepted and how he tries to see the best in everyone (which isn't really adverse in my au, since Dumbles hates slytherin (well not outright ofc) and so is more ruthless and doesnt think of the "good in everyone" though he thinks of the "greater good"; the two are diferent things) but i promise that once he gets to hogwarts you'll see! Also, i'm trying to keep this as realistic as possible, kindd of. i mean i guess you could say that lily and james are somewhat realistic? but i want to keep in mind that a) harry and the other slytherins are eleven. they'll be slightly more cunning that the average 11 year old, but they'll act their is harry potter, a love starved 10 year old who found his family after so many years of dreaming about them, and he wants them, and these are his most innermost of thoughts, his deepest desires. i feel like lots of people complain about characters feeling sorry for themseves, they forget that essentially we are looking into a persons mind and being and feelings. people can't control their thoughts, but they can control their actions, and im sure everyone feels things like this and they know its just how they are so its second nature to them, but its different looking into someone elses mind. you only have yourself to compare them to, dont forget. when you see another person you dont look into their mind or hear their thoughts about it, you just see their actions. so of course you dont have anything to judge by! so many people have momments of self pity, of conflict, of longing, but you arent privy to it, and to know of your own is secoud nature so you wouldnt know how it sounds like, unless you wrote it down. so, anyway, i promise harry will get better. he's 10 atm, and trying to survive, but soon he'll stop feeling so hard for the potters, but thats a long process, which is mainly what this story is trying to convey: harrys unwillingness to step into the spotlight, harry getting over his abuse, harry moving away from the potters and accepting that they will never love him, and harry and severus learning to trust eachother and forming a bond, which will be fairly difficult in the beginning. But harry will still be slytherin ish towards everyone else, and soon he'll learn to act like that with his parents, even if it takes ages, but it'll be a longer process quelling his own desires, inwward though they may be. i want harry to be able to refuse them to their faces, though that will probably occur round GoF. okayyyyy, so i was kinda getting of track there! i asked a question about harrys state of friends a few chaps back and it's open to answers. also! would you prefer sirius to arrive in the 1st, second, or 3rd year? Bear in mind that it'll probably take agess for bk1 to finish! *grins* i'm already set on good!siruis...lets just say he's had years to steam at HIS betrayal. he doesnt so much as care for peter, but hes hurt by L+J and misses R . he also gets to mull over his own sins (um who said anything about a severus/sirius friendship, i certainly didn't) (but you knOW it'll be cute!) also he mees harry in special cir- ohh im revelaing too much, arent i? also if anyone would like to to beta this,,, then feel free to pm me! likewise if anyone has any questions, or any scene or trope in this that they'd like to request, then go ahead! ALSO! THAnKS SO MUCH for 60 followers! it really does make me feel happy that so many people are intrested by this story! if (or once) i reach 100, then i have something special planned! *chuckles in mysterious* 'till next time! stay healthy and safe uwu
