There was nothing but darkness. Severus felt at peace. It hadn't lasted nearly long enough when light began to irritate his eyes. He opened them, only to find himself in a bed. Green curtains were drawn around him and a dim light was penetrating them from his left. He bolted upright, his hand instinctively exploring his neck. There was no trace of an injury. Was he dead? He didn't feel dead. He couldn't have lived. The blood loss made sure of that, nevermind the venom… Was this hell? The bed seemed a bit too comfortable for that...not that it was great but it wasn't the bed of nails he would have expected. Why was he in a nightshirt anyway? It looked like one of the ones provided for students. He examined himself further. Why was he so skinny? Not that he was ever anything larger than 'slim,' but he was particularly scrawny. How long had he been laying here? His brain had more questions than Granger in first year. Snatching his wand from the nightstand he noted his limbs felt entirely too short. Severus burst out of the curtained bed with a stumble, nearly crashing into a neighboring bed. He was in a dorm. A slytherin dorm. His dorm when he was a student. The curtain of the bed nearest him whipped open and he nearly jumped out of his skin. The face of a very young Avery frowned at him in the dim morning light. Sweet merlin, did he land on a time turner? "Bloody hell, Snape! Did you find a spider in your trousers or something?" A muffled guffaw came from the other side of the room. "Twas probably just his pubes! They finally grow in, Snape?" Mulciber and Avery laughed at their oh-so-witty joke combo. Ugh, teenagers. No, worse: teenage wannabe Death Eaters. Perhaps this was hell after all. Snape scowled in disgust. "I didn't know you were interested, Mulciber. Though I suppose it's good you prefer men and not boys." Avery snickered. "Bugger off, Snape." "Was that not what you wanted? I'm not really interested personally, but we could certainly find you someone willing." Avery cackled at his friend's expense. Severus continued, "Rosier might enjoy an extra pair of hands...among other things. If not, I believe Madam Rosmerta is single." Mulciber made an indignant sound and Avery had nearly fallen out of bed in a fit. Before Mulciber recovered enough for another retort, Snape went to the loo. He came to a halt in front of the mirror. Had he ever looked that young? It had no inscription like the Mirror of Erised, but perhaps it was similar? He knew he had no desire to experience puberty for a second time. Poking at his face he concluded it was simply his reflection. He was, in fact, young again.
Severus made his way to the great hall for breakfast. He nearly marched passed the main doors before he realized using the staff entrance as a student would definitely earn him a few weird looks...and possibly a detention. Dream or not, he didn't want detention. Though he had a sneaking suspicion that this wasn't a dream, or nightmare, or even hell for that matter. Heaven was out of the question entirely. Severus strode into the great hall and over to the Slytherin table. He sat at the end he occupied as a student. Alone. Old habits. What year was he in anyway? If he was a proper genius, he would have checked his homework before leaving the dorm. However, his morning was a bit more eventful than he ever anticipated a morning could be. And was continuing to be so in a deja vu sort of way. Or was it nostalgia? Perhaps both applied here. He had to be somewhere around fifth or sixth year, since he was fairly tall but hadn't reached his full height yet. He didn't even have to shave this morning, his facial hair was practically non-existent. Certainly for the best since he had been reacquainted with his old nemesis: acne. He would kill for a Prophet, just for the date alone. He settled for a plateful of eggs and toast. The bacon looked more underdone than he would like. He watched as the hall began to fill with students. It was only a matter of time before the circus dubbed 'The Marauders' would arrive. Severus observed as Alecto Carrow flounced over to the Hufflepuff table and fought back a cringe. That woman and her brother caused him the same amount of grief as the Dark Lord and Albus combined and in the span of a year. Speaking of that particular devil: he was looking spacey. The eyesore of a man was colorfully perched at the center of the head table. The last time he saw him alive was at the receiving end of his wand...he wasn't even sure he felt bad about it. He asked for Severus to be his executioner personally, after all. Who was he kidding? The manipulative bastard was the closest thing he had to a friend since Lily…after pledging his life to the man and his cause of course. He was glad to see him alive and well again, but he could keep his schemes to himself. If some greater power had decided to give him a second chance, he wasn't about to waste it. The idea of having no master after living under the thumb of two for so long sounded like a vacation. He didn't want to be on Albus' radar, well, no more than he was already. The old man could leave him be this time around, thank you very much. Unfortunately there was no way his occasional tormenting of Gryffindors went unnoticed. Not that anyone noticed when he was tormented, or cared if he was. Lily did. That is, until he completely cocked that up. How long had it been since that day? For her it really couldn't be any longer than a year. Could he salvage their friendship this time? Was that why he was here? His thought process was interrupted by a group of ruffians entering the Hall. Four guesses who. Potter, the original model, shot a glare in his direction. Snape returned it with his signature sneer, as per tradition. Black made some joke, likely at Severus' expense, and the four of them laughed obnoxiously. Ah, the joys of youth. He had almost forgotten the feeling of wanting to tear out a quartet of Gryffindor throats simultaneously. Had he ever been this angry? He was no stranger to the emotion but this felt next level. Perhaps his reacquired youth had his temper running hotter than normal. However, he was not a child, nor a teenager. He was pushing forty last he checked and successfully participated in two wars against the Dark Lord. Mission complete on his part. He did everything in his power to allow the boy-who-lived-to-be-a-pain-in-his-arse to fulfil his destiny. (Then promptly be killed, however, his cover was never blown.) Severus would control himself. Even if he had to throw some occlumency into the mix. Though, he doubted he would have to resort to such things unless Albus was feeling curious. Mulciber and Avery made their dramatic entrance. Mulciber had a glare for him almost as sharp as Potter's. He obviously did not appreciate waking up to verbal abuse. The little shite brought it on himself. Avery still had the ghost of a smirk on his face and Severus was fairly certain he gave him a small nod. It was then that Lily entered the Hall. She smiled at him. She. Smiled. At him. His lips twitched at the edges into something he hoped resembled a smile back. In the time it took him to process this miracle, she had made her way over to him. Scratch all of the other theories, he was in heaven. Surely a divine mistake but he wasn't about to correct them. "Hey, Sev." He couldn't speak. Why had his mouth ceased to function, now of all times? "With our Ancient Runes OWL tomorrow, I was hopeing we could study for it together after the Defense Exam?" She glanced over at his dorm-mates. "Unless you have other plans?" So they were in their fifth year. The end of it anyway. That meant he was sixteen...there were worse things...like fifteen. "N-no." He managed to croak. "I'm all yours." She smiled at him again. "Our usual spot by the lake?" "Sure, yeah." "Great! See ya then." "See ya." Gods he sounded like a teenager with a crush. Excellent disguise, Severus. Merlin's balls. It was today. No, it was supposed to be today. He wouldn't let it happen. Severus Snape would never call Lily Evans a mudblood. ...Never again.
Lily would occasionally look up at him from her conversation with MacDonald and grant him a smile. Was this what hope felt like? It had to be, he had his best friend back. And there was no way he was letting her go this time. Severus couldn't seem to finish the other half of his breakfast since the butterfly invasion in his stomach. He had ran on less many times before, but it was best not to fall back into bad habits...starting tomorrow. Severus humored the thought of taking his NEWTs early and moving on with his life but he was sure the professors collective would be having none of that nonsense. He may have been a swot but he was not favored by any of them. Perhaps that was a point in his favor, he would at least ask. He stalked his way to the headmaster's office, thinking of a way to ask politely if he could skip ahead of his class because he was too smart (and impatient) to sit through two more years of education. At the gargoyle he paced and listed off the names of every candy he could think of. 'Sugar Quills' was the winner and he climbed the stairs to enter the office. The headmaster appeared to not be there, though experience told him the man could be lurking about nearby or at the very least on his way. Fawkes trilled at him so he scratched the bird on the neck where he liked. Albus looked surprised to see him when he entered just a moment later. He did not ask how Severus managed to get into the office without knowing the password. "Mr. Snape, what can I do for you?" "I was wondering if I could have a word...sir." "Since you are already here, I don't see why not." The headmaster went around to sit at his desk. "Lemon drop?" "No thank you." Albus gestured for Severus to sit as well. He shook his head for he didn't plan on being here that long. "I was wondering if, perhaps, I could take my NEWTs instead of my OWLs?" "Oh?" Something sparkled in those blue eyes of his. "Are you not feeling challenged, Mr. Snape?" "Not exactly, sir. I know I'm not old enough for an apparition licence, but I had hoped an early graduation was possible. I feel out of place here and would like to simply 'move on' as soon as possible." The man had the gall to smile. "I understand your concerns, but I don't believe that sacrificing your education is the way to go." He didn't think so, but he tried. "Very well. Forget I asked." He made to leave. "Mr. Snape." He stopped. "Sir?" "Is there...something you wish to tell me?" "Nothing in particular, sir." Severus made his escape before the headmaster tried for a glimpse into his mind. Upon entering the library, Madam Pince raised an eyebrow at him. He ignored her in favor of gathering texts on History of Magic since he hadn't touched the subject in any form in almost twenty years. He did not have to worry about Transfiguration since he had already taken that test. They were really the only subjects he was worried he couldn't get an O without a thorough refresher. He may have to brush up on Runes as well, but he would do that tomorrow with Lily. Besides that, his real challenge of the day would be finding a vacant table. He wasn't about to risk going outside with the marauders on the prowl, and the common room would surely be filled with grumpy seventh years. His dorm was an option if he wanted to walk through the aforementioned upperclassmen who may or may not let him through to his room without a hassle. He could also tuck himself in some obscure corner of the castle but then he ran the risk of getting found alone by unfriendly wands. Not that he couldn't hold his own in a fight but he didn't want to give away his skill just yet. Against his better judgement, he opted to stay in the populated room. He sat at a table with a group of Hufflepuffs since they were the most likely to not bother him or would simply go somewhere else entirely. After a short while two of them snickered. Madam Pince shushed them with a warning look. "You do realize that today's test is on DADA, right?" The girl across from him whispered. He simply sneered at her and continued re-memorizing the dates of the Goblin Wars.
Severus finished the DADA exam with ease and arrived at 'their spot' by the lake before her, just like last time. But unlike last time, he was fully prepared for what was to come. Severus watched as the marauders approached from not too far behind him and settled in the grass together. Pants charmed to stay put (just in case, gods forbid) and absolutely no stray vocabulary. He was ready. Black spotted him first and said something to Potter. They both smirked and looked his way. Severus rose to his feet, Potter and Black did as well. Lupin kept his nose in a book and Wormtail looked on with anticipation. "Snivellus!" Potter said loudly. Severus came out from behind the bushes and held his ground, unarmed as to not give them any excuses, and took in their every move. Students all around had turned to watch. "How'd the exam go, Snivelly?" asked Potter with mock concern. "Quite good, actually. Thank you for asking, Potter, how was yours?" The cocky smile fell off of his face. "I was watching him, his nose was touching the parchment," said Black. "There'll be great grease marks all over it, they won't be able to read a word." Several people laughed. "I didn't know you liked to watch me, Black. I'm flattered." Black looked disgusted but at least shut up for a moment. "He was in the perfect position to make sure you didn't try anything." Potter said in an attempt to salvage their upper hand. "There's no need, your spelling alone is detrimental. Hopefully you used enough small words they'll be able to tell it's written in english." Their audience chuckled a bit. Both marauders were expecting this to go much more smoothly and it was written all over their faces. His unusually 'friendly' behaviour towards them and biting comebacks had thrown them off their game. Which was exactly what he wanted. "Well? You never answered me, Potter. How was your exam?" Potter frowned. His fingers twitched but his Gryffindor pride prevented him from drawing his wand on an unarmed foe. Hopefully that would hold true. He smirked at them when it was obvious Potter had nothing to say. "No matter, how about you, Black?" He scoffed. "What are you playing at, Snivelly?" "I am not 'playing' anything. Can we not have a civilized conversation?" Black whipped out his wand and Potter followed suit. Severus raised an eyebrow at them. There were a few whoops of excitement that something was finally happening. Wormtail was the loudest. "What's going on then?" Potter and Black looked round at Lily. Potter's free hand immediately jumped to his hair. "All right, Evans?" said Potter, and the tone of his voice was suddenly pleasant, deeper, more mature. She was looking at him with every sign of great dislike. "What are you doing? He's not even drawn his wand." "Well, he's obviously trying to provoke us." "Can't take what you dish out, Potter?" "I can! It's just he's...Snivellus." Potter said, appearing to deliberate the point. "It's more the fact that he exists, if you know what I mean…" There were a few snickers. "You think you're funny," she said coldly. "But you're just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter. Leave him alone." "I will if you go out with me, Evans," said Potter quickly. "Go on...go out with me and I'll never lay a wand on old Snivelly again." "I wouldn't go out with you if it was a choice between you and the giant squid," said Lily. "Bad luck, Prongs," said Black briskly, and turned back to Severus. Severus shrugged at him. Lily brushed past the miscreants on her way to him. "You alright, Sev?" He gave her his best smile. "Never better."
Severus was incapable of removing the smile from his face. Lily returned with him to sit in the grass and they both pulled notes and books out of their respective bags. He hadn't actually taken anything more than a quill out of his since retrieving it before the exam. His notes were just as cramped and thorough as when he made them...twenty years ago… "Were you actually being nice to Potter and Black? Or were you trying to rile them up?" "A little of both I suppose…" "Sev!" "No, Lily, listen. I don't want to fight with them, especially when they can't comprehend a loss, or a win for that matter, they take things too far. However, I'm not just going to let them say or do whatever they want to me or anyone else. Potter is a 'toerag' as you so eloquently pointed out to everyone but there's no point to seeking trouble with him when I could be fighting for something so much more worthwhile." "Oh?" She crossed her arms. "And what would you consider a 'worthwhile' reason?" From the look on her face she was expecting him to say something like 'Dark Magic.' "You are. You're worth fighting for Lily." I would die for you, I already did once before. She went through an array of expressions. Surprise, confusion, possibly even joy before she settled on a frown. "You...you want me to go out with you?" Shite, of course she would come to that conclusion, Potter asked her to go out, and Severus just told her she was worth fighting for. Lily Evans was no fool. He simply wished he had not inadvertently brought that particular topic up right now… She did not seem keen on the idea. "N-not...necessarily." He fumbled the words and felt his face getting warm. "Severus Snape, I am not some prize to fight over!" "It's not like that at all, Lily! I said I would fight for you, by your side even, if it ever came to that. Not over you. You're my best friend… I admit I wouldn't mind us being more someday, but I would never expect you to be my prize from winning a duel. I just don't know what I would do if I lost you completely." It killed him the first time. Literally. She looked concerned. "Where is this coming from all of a sudden? You have barely talked to me outside of class in weeks." He couldn't tell her the whole truth, he was still having trouble wrapping his head around it. "Well...I realized that I am a bit of a dunderhead and you are the most important person in my life." "Oh...that's really kinda sweet. But I've never really thought of us as more than friends. I just...I don't know. I can't...-" She cut herself off. It felt like his heart was trying to suffocate him from the inside. "That's fine, Lily, really. I wasn't trying to ask you out…and if you're not interested in me in that way, well, I guess we'll just have to continue to be the best of friends." He smiled at her. Not a single word he spoke to her was a lie. He'd rather have her as a friend than not in his life at all. Severus wasn't quite sure where to put his hands when she hugged him. "You will always be my best friend, Sev." "Same, always." When she released him, the pain in his chest faded to a manageable level, however, Severus couldn't help but feel like a part of him had been broken. He had loved her for so long, even after she married Potter, even after she was murdered. To find out he never really had a chance...hurt. "So, what runes should we review first?" She asked with a smile.
Lily had fallen asleep next to him in the grass and he wasn't about to disturb her. Every day now they had plans to study together. The marauders were mostly leaving him alone, which was good for their health. Not that they were aware of that fact. He was still getting some long distance harassment...they were definitely planning something. Mulciber had already taken his revenge for the morning tongue lashing yesterday. He had sabotaged Severus' history notes from class, which he wasn't using anyway. Mulciber was unaware of this detail and had been avoiding him, expecting retaliation. He would let him sweat a bit and then maybe do something to his pants before summer break. Avery wanted to help with whatever he was 'planning' but Severus told him to leave it for now. He kept trying to hang out with him too. He wasn't sure if Avery was spying for Mulciber or if he made a bit of an impression on the boy with his 'sudden' confidence. In other news, the tests and essays weren't particularly hard, but they were so bland! On top of that he would finish early and have to sit there doing absolutely nothing or run the risk of the professors thinking he may be cheating. He wondered if he could get away with bringing an off topic book if he asked first. All of this 'asking permission' was getting tedious. The practicals were okay-ish, at least he was doing something the entire time. Severus hoped the NEWTs in two years would be a bit more...engaging. Merlin, two years was a long time. He may just go mad since Albus shot down his attempt at graduating early. He could always just drop out...but that never looks good on a resume. What would he do this time around? Not become a Deatheater. Check. Working at an apothecary sounded appealing…aside from dealing with customers…and their potentially screaming children. If he could skip the 'shop boy' phase then maybe, but the chances of that were slim to none at this point in his second life. Perhaps he could do something like that once he had a solid financial foothold. Speaking of potions, he would have to pursue his mastership by other means. Malfoy would not sponsor him without joining the Dark Lord. He could try to do something in the ministry, an unspeakable perhaps. It sounded exciting enough but Severus wasn't sure he wanted excitement after the overdose from Attempt One. Auror never had any appeal, and he wasn't the political or office setting type but if he could research whatever he wanted it might be worth looking into the positions they have available. Healer had a special place in his heart. He knew more about dark spells than your average wizard, and the potions were child's play. He made more salves and creams and antidotes to gods know what for poppy than he ever thought would be needed at a bloody school. In his youth he thought he'd seen everything during the marauder's reign of terror, but as a teacher there was at least one condition that would give him pause each year. Not to mention those weasley twins, they were a special kind of trouble. At least most of the kids who came into the hospital from pranks were not 'regulars' like himself. The quidditch players were the closest to regulars as it usually got. He could teach again...it was a respectable job at least. Really though, if it wasn't potions…Severus didn't have time to gain an opinion the year he taught Defense. If he wasn't so busy trying not to die in the minefield of the Dark Lord's mood and his company or be depressed about killing his only remaining friend, he might have enjoyed it. The year he subbed for Lupin every month was...amusing. The real question was, did he really want to be living under Albus' rule once again. It was much less mandatory this time, and it was a familiar setting. Severus had known nothing else for most of his life. Perhaps a change would be good. That curse on the DADA position would be a problem if he even wanted to consider it though. He knew Albus never really wanted to break it for whatever scheme he was planning or playing with. By the time it wasn't entertaining him anymore, they were all a bit too busy to do much about it. He couldn't remember how many times he had fought with the man to hire a cursebreaker (or let him have a crack at it) before Potter became a student. Perhaps he could give it a go just for kicks next year. He would have to do something during his free period. Maybe curse-breaking was something to pursue. Before getting too ambitious...The Dark Lord was still a thorn in his side. His first priority would be to take care of him, if for no other reason than he had the potential to kill Lily. That was unacceptable. He wouldn't die by normal means like a good villain and Snape had not quite figured out what his methods were. Potter-who-lived knew the answer, unfortunately he hadn't been born yet. It was when the Chamber of Secrets opened (apparently again) that Albus started plotting. That diary, the one that Lucius bragged to him about some evening while drunk years before, made its way into the school and into Ginny Weasley's impressionable and naive hands. Tom Riddle's diary was the cause of all hell breaking loose that year. Lucius didn't actually know what the Dark Lord had given him. That did not save him from Severus' wrath after discovering his supposed friend (inadvertently) almost released a giant snake upon the castle he lived most of the year. Severus shuddered. He did not care much for snakes anymore, not that he was partial to the beasts before he was killed by one. They were fine as a symbol for his house, but the second they slithered in his general direction they were getting hexed. Especially if they had teeth. Moving on… Albus had him look at the battered diary and asked if he'd ever seen anything like it before. He told Severus that it possessed the Weasley girl and that Potter stabbed it with a basilisk's fang. He had apparently slain the beast. Severus thought the whole story was a bit exaggerated at the time…though the hole in the diary was rather large. The next time something 'like' the diary made an appearance, it very nearly killed Albus. The Gaunt ring was surprisingly indestructible until the headmaster destroyed it with the (supposedly basilisk slaying) sword of Gryffindor. He seemed very pleased with himself upon that discovery. Severus knew Albus had figured something out but at the time didn't give it much thought...He had a lot on his mind. He took the boy somewhere that same year. There wasn't another incident like with the ring but that was when Potter was given his 'mission,' he was sure. Completely separate from the 'leave your old potions book around so Harry can impress Slughorn' mission. Probably. That was also the year he found out that not only would he have to kill Albus, but the brat he had spent blood, sweat and years protecting would have to die. Whatever those 'things' were...there were more. And somehow Potter had one inside of him. Potter, on his mission from Albus, infiltrated the Ministry of Magic as the most wanted wizard in Britain and then broke into Gringotts and escaped on a bloody dragon. Both extremely stupid acts, even for a Gryffindor. There had to be a purpose. Information was so controlled at that time, details may as well have been written in Greek. Two destinations. Two items. Two more pieces of the puzzle: The Dark Lord's secret to immortality. Diary, Ring, Potter, and (at least) two mystery items. Pieces...of the Dark Lord? Like, pieces of his soul? No wonder the man was barely human by the end of the first war. His reincarnation spoke volumes. If that wasn't dripping in dark magic... Severus was fairly certain he came across a volume that spoke of soul splitting while reading everything the Malfoy's owned at least once. He made more fertility potions that summer than should be legal and was maddeningly bored between concoctions with no desire to participate, watch, or listen to the Malfoy's reproduction activities...He left immediately after receiving the news that they conceived Draco. Severus needed to go to the Library. Specifically the restricted section. And he knew the perfect way to get in there unnoticed. "Lily, wake up. I have a favor to ask."
Ancient runes was their Friday exam. It was harder than he remembered but he probably did fine... Severus loitered outside of the Gryffindor common room that evening, arms crossed and back propped against the wall next to the portrait. It was less than an hour before curfew. A lone student raced around the corner and came to a halt in front of the entrance. He looked like a first year or a small second year. The boy had either forgotten the password or thought Severus might attack him if he tried to enter. His least favorite prefect, one James Potter, changed the password after the lake encounter. He and Lily found it highly amusing. "Lolligo Amator," Severus said louder than necessary. The boy nearly fell on his bum as the portrait swung open. He raised an eyebrow and the kid scurried into the common room. About five minutes passed before Lily emerged carrying a bundle of cloth. "Why is Irwin Hafford crying in the lounge?" "Is that the boy's name? He seemed unsure of what to do since I was standing nearby. I merely helped him along." "Well, he's concerned 'that tall slytherin' is going to come in and kill him in his sleep." "How dishonorable. I would at least wake him up first." "Sev!" "What? It's not as if I chased him down the halls or hexed him. I'm sorry I don't look 'friendly' to my average peer." She put her free hand on her hip. "I may have been... slightly intimidating. I just wanted him to stop gawking at me and go to bed like a good little miscreant." Lily sighed. "You mean like you should be doing?" "I am a 'big' miscreant, thank you very much. Besides, I couldn't sleep with the answer to a dilemma within reach." "Perhaps not, but you could still 'go to bed' and rest. I don't understand why you need to sneak into the library tonight instead of just going tomorrow." "The book I need is in the restricted section." "You could get a pass." "I'd rather not for this particular venture." "...You know how much I hate dark magic, Sev." "It's not dark magic to read about dark magic." Lily went to protest but he cut her off. "I really don't want to argue with you about it, again. Dark wizards are real. The more I know about dark magic, the better equipped I am to protect myself...and those I care about." "I don't like the idea of you using it..." "I have no intention to. I just like to learn as much as possible, knowledge is power. One cannot heal dark spells without knowing how they work." She looked at him speculatively. "What is it you are looking for then?" "The name of something and how to destroy it...just in case I find one." That seemed to convince her, mostly, for she hesitantly handed him the wad of cloth. "How did you know Potter had this anyway? He seemed put out that I knew it existed at all." His brow furrowed. "I figured it out a while back. At least, I was pretty sure…" "I'm coming with you." "What? Lily, you need sleep too." "It's the weekend, All I'll be doing tomorrow is studying. Besides, if I help we could find it sooner, then we can both get a decent amount of sleep. You will get your answer and I won't worry about whether or not you got caught in the middle of the night." How could he say 'no' to her? "Very well…"
Severus had patrolled these halls enough to know which sounds were just the castle and its portraits moaning and/or snoring and if the echoing footsteps were close enough to worry about. On top of that, they were invisible under the cloak. Lily really had no need to worry unless she decided to start making a ruckus. Despite all of that, she was much too nervous about (the certainly long gone) Madam Pince still being there and which corner Argus was surely about to pop around with his charming cat. She really wasn't a rule breaker. He idly wondered if the Marauders had made their map yet and whether or not they were watching he and Lily sneak about. It would have been nice to borrow the blasted thing, if only to ease Lily's mind that they weren't going to get caught. But she was not a planned companion so he didn't bother to bring it up at all. He also didn't actually know when they made it. "How are you so calm, Sev?" With how close you are to me, I'm hardly calm... "It wouldn't do to have an elevated heart rate, I couldn't hear if anyone was coming." She snorted a laugh. "Only you could logic yourself out of anxiety." A few more corridors and a silent alohomora later, they slipped unnoticed into the library and into the restricted section. He shed the cloak from them and they both lit their wands. "So, what exactly are we looking for?" Severus ran his finger along a few volumes. "I don't know the title, just that it's got something to do with the soul." "In this context, that sounds pretty dark, Sev." "Yeah, well knowing how to destroy something that dark seems like a good thing to learn." "I suppose...can't you tell me a little more about what we are looking for?" He was silent at first, not sure how to answer her question. He settled on the truth. "If I tell you, and I'm right...it could put you in danger." "From what?" "The Dark Lord." He whispered. Her eyebrows shot up. "We should tell Dumbledore about your theory, Sev." "Not yet, Lily. I want to make sure I'm right first. I don't want to waste Dumbledore's time with a dead end." I also don't want him to know I'd help him. I have no desire to be his puppet again. "Well then, let's find this thing." "Careful of the cursed ones, they scream and sometimes bite." "Speaking from experience?" She quipped. "Yes, actually. Would you like to see the scar?" They had been searching for about half an hour when she asked him a question that took him completely off guard. "Why do you call him 'The Dark Lord?' Last I checked only his Death Eaters and their fanclub called him that." Well you see, Lily, I was a Death Eater for about twenty years. "Yes...both of my roommates are in that 'fanclub' so I get to hear it all the time. I suppose I picked it up from them." "You should be careful who hears you call him that. Some people might get the wrong idea." "No one's opinion matters to me but yours." The pain in his chest reminded him of its presence. "Sev…" "It's only the truth, no one else matters to me." He started feeling a bit too warm. She looked over to him. "...I think you should make some more friends besides Mulciber and Avery." "They aren't my friends, I simply try to maintain civility since I am required to share a dorm with them." "You can make friends outside of Slytherin." "Yes, because that works out so well." "We seem to be doing just fine." "I would venture to say that we are a special case." "If you just let other people see what a good friend you are I'm sure they'd be lining up." "Maybe I don't want any more friends. Maybe I find other people annoying or tedious or just using me to get something they want." In all of his experience, no one but she had ever been a true friend to him. Mulciber and Avery wanted his knowledge. Argus was just all too happy to be given detention duty. Lucius wanted his skill with potions, as did the Dark Lord. Dumbledore only valued his skills as well, as a spy and a potions master. He grew to care for the man, and it had been returned to some extent, but the foundation was artificial. His loyalty to Albus was guaranteed through a vow. Minerva was a friendly rival and Poppy would heal his wounds but he never had a relationship beyond professional with either of them. But Lily...Lily was only ever his friend, study partner, and the only person who truly cared when he was hurting. He regretted ever rejecting her for his pride. There was no question why he loved her, she was the only good thing in his life. The only person he ever let into his heart. She now knew he would like to be more than friends, but she didn't want that, much to his heartache. He respected that, and wouldn't ever force himself on her, but now she recognized his commitment to her for what it was: love. He knew she only wanted what she thought was best for him. She wanted him to have options besides her. Severus didn't know if he was capable of loving another, or if he even wanted to try. He didn't even know if he could open up to someone new, even as just a friend, he had been hurt so many times. "I'm sure not everyone is like that, perhaps you've been looking in the wrong places?" He almost responded but decided against it. When he pulled himself out of his thoughts, he was staring at the spine of the book: Magick Moste Evile. He pulled it from the shelf and skimmed through the pages. The book mentioned something called a Horcrux. Unfortunately, no more information was given than the name and that it was the 'moste evile' spell. Severus couldn't help but think that the Dark Lord would be all about this, whether it was what he was looking for or not. Severus felt a fool. Of course Albus wouldn't leave information on the darkest magick around for a student to find. However, knowing the man was just as much of a knowledge hoarder as he was, (if not more so) he certainly had something more informative in his office. "Lily?" She turned to him, a text titled Immortale Soules clutched in her hands. "How do you feel about breaking another rule?"
Lily seemed resolved to completing their task no matter the consequences. However, that did not cure her of her corridor anxiety. She seemed to calm down once they stopped in front of the headmaster's office. 'Sugar Quills' did not grant him entry this time. Perhaps Albus changed the password or could simply lock out visitors for the evening. Before he could start listing off candies, Lily, the prefect who knew the password without guessing, laughed and said 'Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.' The gargoyle allowed them entry and Severus stuffed the cloak under his robes. "What the devil is a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup?" "Oh, they're my favorite muggle candy… I discovered early this year the Headmaster is quite fond of sweets so I gave him some for christmas. It's nice to know it's password worthy, but I don't know why he changed it. He usually just changes it once a month or so." "That's probably my fault. I met him in his office after breakfast...before he got there." Her eyebrows rose. "How'd you get in?" "I guessed...I wanted to talk to him about taking my NEWTs early." "Oh?" "It's not possible. I wasn't too torn up about it, I just wanted to know if I could." "Well, I'm glad you must finish school with me." He chuckled. Fawkes awoke from his slumber when they entered the office. He cocked his head as if asking for another neck scratch. Severus obliged. He and Lily promptly began searching the bookshelves. After his third pass, on a shelf just out of reach, sat a book that Severus couldn't seem to focus on. He cast finite and read the title: Secrets of the Darkest Art. It called to his subconscious so he rolled over the ladder to retrieve it. There it was in the text, Horcrux. To split one's soul and contain it in an object. The first and only known creator of a Horcrux was Herpo the Foul in ancient Greece. To make one, a Wizard had to deliberately murder someone, thereby fracturing their soul. They would then commit a horrific act and cast the spell to bind that piece of soul to an object. Nothing hinting at making more than one, but Severus was sure the same rules applied. Yada, yada, most vile of all magic, consequences, regaining of physical body. Ah, here it was: Destroying a Horcrux was extremely difficult. Only by very powerful means or magics could one be damaged. The only known success being Fiendfyre. A basilisk's fang would also do, as Potter-who-lived demonstrated. The goblin-made sword of Gryffindor also apparently did the trick. He smirked at Lily. "Did you find it, then?" "I did." Severus replaced the book and returned the ladder to where he found it. He re-charmed the book with its notice-me-not and gave Fawkes a goodbye scratch. A slight shift of fabric was heard. Bollocks. "Ms. Evans, Mr. Snape. What are you doing in here at this hour?" Both of their heads whipped toward the Headmaster's voice. He stood with his arms crossed, blocking their exit. Lily looked as guilty as a niffler. Severus put up his occlumency shields. "Well, Sir. I was actually hoping to go unnoticed. I needed to investigate a theory of mine, but you changed your password, so I had to borrow one of your prefects." The headmaster furrowed his brow at that. Albus then looked to Lily, who was staring at Severus in disbelief. "Ms. Evans, is this true?" "N-no, sir! I broke the rules just as much as he did." "Now, Evans. Who's to say you weren't merely tricked by a cunning Slytherin such as myself?" Albus raised an eyebrow at this. Lily frowned in frustration, her heart on her sleeve. She then decided to stare at the floor. Gods, Gryffindors were so oblivious sometimes. He could only hope she didn't make eye contact with the Headmaster. She didn't know much about what Seerus was looking for, but she knew enough to give him a hint. And he was always a clever bastard. In an attempt to prevent just that, Severus glared at the man. Sure enough, he felt the slight pressure of him trying to graze his thoughts. It was almost unnoticeable, but there was definitely a twitch on Albus' face from the unexpected block. "I believe detentions are in order." He turned to Lily. "Ms. Evans, you will report to Hagrid after breakfast tomorrow." She bowed her head lower in defeat. "Yes, sir." Albus turned back to him. "Mr. Snape...since you have developed a habit of getting into my office uninvited, you will report to me. Here. After lunch tomorrow. We shall then discuss your detention schedule for the remainder of the year." Shite. "Yes, sir." "Off to bed. Both of you." The headmaster looked at Severus warily as he passed. So much for going unnoticed by Albus…Lily didn't make eye contact so he at least didn't know the nature of what they found. He would have to teach Lily occlumency, especially if she wanted to know any more. Hopefully she was more receptive than Potter-who-lived. Under the invisibility cloak for a third time that night, just in case Filch was still patrolling, he escorted her to Gryffindor tower. "Why did you lie to Professor Dumbledore? I thought we were trying to help him." "Not him specifically, I don't trust him, but I do want the Dark Lord to be defeated. Do you understand what I mean?" "Not really, no." "I'll still help Dumbledore, but on my terms. I don't want to get too involved, it's too dangerous. Will you let me do this? My way?" "It's your theory, Sev. I won't say anything. I just don't understand why you don't trust him." "It's complicated...more of a bad feeling, like he'd just use me." They arrived at the portrait and she hugged him for the second time that week. "You don't have to assume the worst of everyone, but I'll let you do it your way." Oh, Lily, if you only knew… "May I borrow the cloak to get to the dungeons?" "Sure, you can give it to me tomorrow." "Actually, if you don't mind, could I return it to Potter myself?" "You, Severus Snape, want to talk to James Potter, willingly?" "I want to make peace with my demons." She sighed. "All right. I really hope you're not just making an excuse to fight with him." He smirked. "Next time, perhaps."
Severus sat alone at the end of the Slytherin table for breakfast as he usually did. He and Lily exchanged long distance smiles. She would be serving her detention soon and then he had his with Albus after lunch. He probably wouldn't get to talk with her at all… Or he could be bold to the point of concern and sit with her at the Gryffindor table. That was a bit defiant, even for his budding reputation. It had been barely twenty-four hours since he had been displaced in time, but his peers were much less antagonistic than he remembered. His little performance by the lake certainly had a hand in that. Word had gotten around: Severus Snape stood up to the Marauders and escaped unscathed, perhaps he shouldn't be messed with. After breakfast, With his unwanted freetime, he decided to track down Potter and return his cloak. He wasn't joking when he said he wanted to make peace. He had to start somewhere… Severus would not tolerate being their target for two more years. Albus always insisted Potter had 'grown up' after he requested they be put under protection. Perhaps he could give him an early nudge in the right direction. To inspire: one must lead by example. He would have to be nice. Unfortunately the fiendish foursome were nowhere to be found. On a whim, he wandered over to Gryffindor tower to pace in front of the portrait. He was contemplating entering the common room when small boy he recognized from yesterday emerged. He froze in his tracks when he saw Severus. "Hafford, wasn't it?" The boy nodded. "Would you be so kind as to retrieve Mr. James Potter for me?" Too much 'professor,' tone it down, Severus. Hafford retreated to presumably find Potter. Severus stood by and waited, ignoring the fat lady's heckling. After what was decidedly a rude amount of time, Potter graced him with his presence. "Snape, what do you want?" He held out the invisibility cloak. "To return this, and thank you for lending it to me." Potter made a particularly ugly sneer, his teeth bared and his face turning red. "I lent that to Evans! Not you, Snivelly. It's probably all greasy now." Breathe, Severus. You're dealing with an immature teenager. "Yes, I asked her to borrow it from you. She actually didn't believe you had one, she was quite impressed." His demeanor changed immediately to confusion then something resembling surprise. "She was impressed?" "Indeed." He frowned then. "How did you know about it?" "I've seen it before, you lot aren't as sneaky as you think. I am aware of your secret map as well." Potter looked surprised and then hesitantly asked, "Are you blackmailing me?" "Don't be foolish." "Then what's your game? You've been acting weird ever since the lake." Severus took a deep breath, remembering Albus as his friend, the slightly wise madman he had grown to care for. "How we choose to act defines who we are. No one can make those choices for us, unless we let them." He pointed at Potter's nose. "I've decided not to hate you anymore. I'm not forgiving you for what you've done, nor do I expect you to forgive me, but I would like to move on from this juvenile chapter of our lives. It won't do to keep up a battle of retaliation that has been run into the ground." We have a war to win...and I find your pranks annoying. He let Potter chew on that for a moment then turned to leave. "Snape?" "Potter." He was clutching the cloak nervously. "Er, thanks...you know...for giving it back…" "Of course."
'Reese's Peanut Butter Cups' was not the password. He listed every candy he could think of to no avail...Severus felt as though he was being tested. What would Albus change it to? Another muggle candy? No, this was a test designed for him. It would be something he wasn't supposed to know but did. Horcrux. The password was Horcrux. Probably. Or the title of the book he briefly borrowed. He wasn't going to say either. That would show his hand. Lily didn't know the word or what book he had, but if Albus dug into her mind at all when Severus wasn't present, he may have glimpsed a hint at what they were looking for. He could have also guessed, he was rather clever...or had seen him put the book away. Severus wasn't about to give the man any ammunition, so he tossed a few odd words at the gargoyle. A few minutes passed before the stone beast jumped to the side to reveal an amused Albus. They exchanged a look that mutually said 'alright then' and silently went up to the office. Severus gave Fawkes the now regular greeting scratch, much to Albus' confusion and interest. He wouldn't deny he was still loyal to the man...that didn't mean he had to trust him enough to blindly follow his every command. He only really trusted him to do what he believed was right. Fawkes knew Severus' heart, and that he would keep the promises he made to the man in another lifetime. He was simply no longer trapped by the vow that kept Albus in control of him...and if he could make the headmaster question what he thinks he knows, all the better. He idly wondered what Albus thought about his motive sensitive familiar enjoying attention from the obviously suspicious Slytherin boy who likes potions and dark arts and gets into fights (or at least used to) with his prize Gryffindors. Severus passed on the lemon drop, as he always did, and sat when invited since he would probably be there for a while. Albus pulled a book out from under his desk: Secrets of the Darkest Art. "Does this look familiar to you, Mr. Snape?" So Albus was, at the very least, suspicious he found it. He would go off of the assumption he knew he had grabbed that specific book. There was plenty of dark stuff in there besides 'the horcrux'...he could play it off. "Yes, sir, I would have liked to borrow it, but you weren't around to ask." Merlin, his cheek was going to get him in more trouble than anything else. "Mr. Snape...what do you find so interested about dark magic?" "I would like to learn as much as I can about every subject, sir. Unfortunately, the dark arts are not taught here at school." "We do teach Defense, Mr. Snape. Do you think, perhaps, that there is a reason for not teaching the dark arts?" "I know there is, the practice of dark magic should by no means be encouraged. But merely learning to defend oneself does no good if a dark practitioner lands a hit. If one does not understand the nature of the dark spell, it is unlikely that one could counter it properly. I am by no means intending to practice the dark arts, but to understand the theory could be the difference between life and death at some point in the future." Albus stroked his beard. "An interesting point, my boy, but what puts you above the other students to seek this restricted knowledge?" He flinched at the familiar term. "Absolutely nothing, sir. I merely breached your security. Perhaps it should be improved?" He raised an eyebrow. "Duly noted…Why was Ms. Evans with you?" "I told you, you changed the password. It was rather frustrating, I would have never guessed a muggle candy, for I do not know the name of any." "She is your friend, is she not?" "Yes, sir." "And yet you claimed to have tricked her into accompanying you." "I merely suggested it was possible, sir." The man glanced at his familiar then returned his attention to Severus. "You have been acting very...strange, Mr. Snape. Are you well?" "I am quite content, sir." Something I have not been in a very long time. "I'm glad to hear that...Though, I cannot help but notice your change was quite drastic. One might say you are an entirely different person." "Do you think I am another, polyjuiced as myself?" Albus blinked. "Would you be willing to consent to take the antidote?" "I am not fond of the bile. If it will ease your mind, I suppose I could subject myself to it." Albus retrieved a small bottle from his desk. Severus examined the potion, making sure it was not tampered with in any way. The last thing he needed was to be slipped veritaserum. It wasn't really the headmaster's style to do such a thing, but it was best to be cautious. He made a face after drinking the nasty concoction. The headmaster waited for something to happen. When nothing did he almost looked disappointed. He proceeded to cast finite and a few other silent spells on Severus. Afterward, he stood there at a bit of a loss. Severus almost smiled. He had, for the first time, fooled Albus Dumbledore. Granted, even he would have never believed his condition was even possible before experiencing it himself. He settled for a raised eyebrow. "Are you satisfied, sir?" "I don't understand…" "I simply wanted to change, so I did." He contemplated something, then frowned. "Is breaking into my office and reading restricted material a part of this change?" "No, that particular act was necessary for my own research." "And what is it you are researching?" "The dark arts. I was under the impression we had established this already, was I mistaken?" "You have developed quite the cheek, young man." "Would you prefer I lie to you?" "It would certainly make more sense…" The man frowned. "Was whatever you found worth it?" "Yes. I would have rather not been caught, but I was and I am resigned to the consequences." Albus studied him. He was surely confused by his compliance and yet blatant defiance. This man was not his Albus, they simply did not share the history. Or rather, Severus did, but he did not. It must be somewhat disturbing him to have someone he doesn't know manipulate him with such familiarity. Severus felt pressure on his mind, a bit stronger than before but still light compared to what the man could do if he tried. Severus scowled at him. "I would appreciate you not doing that, sir." He looked frustrated. "How long have you been practicing occlumency, Mr. Snape?" "Since I discovered Legilimency, sir." "I see..." Albus stroked his beard again. "It is an art not practiced much anymore. Either of them." "Perhaps that's for the best, sir." "Perhaps...Would you care to share with me what you found in my book, Mr. Snape?" "I honestly didn't find much, sir." "And yet it was worth the risk of detention? Expulsion even?" "Yes, sir." Albus studied him for a second time. "Do you have plans to break into my office again?" "Not at this time. I'll be sure to warn you if that changes." He frowned at that. "I don't appreciate your sarcasm." "That was not sarcasm, sir. If I feel the need to enter your office in the future, I shall ask your permission first. I fully expect to be denied access, especially if you are not present." "I am not sure what to make of you, Mr. Snape, and I am starting to wonder if that is not a good thing." Severus looked at him expectantly. "Aside from today, you will be serving your detentions with me, every day after dinner until the summer break. What sort of tasks do you believe you have earned yourself?" "Whatever you feel is necessary, sir, I am at your mercy." "I think lines will do today." Albus opened Secrets of the Darkest Art to the last page. "You will write 'I shall not guess the headmaster's password.' three-hundred-seventy-one times. He sighed inwardly. If only he could have read all three-hundred-seventy-one pages. "Yes, sir."
His hand hurt. Or rather, his entire right side hurt, but his fingers got the worst of it. His young and barely calloused hands did not fare as well as his seasoned essay grading ones. Not that he'd trade them out, for he knew of the rest of the aches that came with them. There were no exams tomorrow but that didn't stop them from having time to study together. He was sitting in the courtyard waiting for her when Avery dropped down next to him. The boy smiled at him. "Hey, Snape." "Avery." "Mulciber and I were going to practice some spells after lunch. Care to join us?" He really didn't want to. He had yet to do anything to Mulciber so he probably sent his messenger to try and play nice and see what happened. "Not particularly." "Are you sure? We were planning on tie-dyeing some Gryffindors, perhaps even the Marauders." "As appealing as that sounds, I think I'll pass." He would not be antagonizing them anymore. "Really? You'd never pass up the chance before. You busy with that mudb-?" He didn't finish due to the fist colliding with his jaw. Now both of Severus' hands hurt. "Do not use that word around me. Ever." Avery spat out some blood and what was probably a piece of tooth. "Bloody hell, Snape. Didn't know you were so sensitive." Avery stood and departed without so much as a 'goodbye.' Severus was pretty sure he heard a muttered spell from the direction he left. He looked up to see a concerned looking Lily. "Saw that did you?" "Your hair is red, Sev." He ran a hand through it to see and scowled at the result. "So it is. I assume I will be sporting this until tomorrow." "Would you like me to fix it?" "If you wish." She sat down next to him and set to work with her wand. Poking and turning his head at odd angles while charming his hair back to normal. "...Aren't you upset with him for this?" "A bit. I did punch him, though." "I noticed. What happened?" "He almost called you a...word." "...Oh. Only almost?" "I may have interrupted him." "I see." She smiled. "There, good as new." He checked his hair for the sake of his own sanity then smiled at her in return. "Thank you." "Anytime." "What did the headmaster have you do for detention?" "First he interrogated me, then had me do lines. How was your gardening with Hagrid?" "We didn't do any gardening, actually. We went out into the forbidden forest to feed some things called 'Thestrals.' They're invisible, but I got to feel one, they're really smooth and a bit bony. Hagrid says they look a bit like horses." He smirked at her in amusement. "I thought you said they were invisible?" She flushed in embarrassment. "Yes, well, I couldn't see them, Hagrid could." He wondered if he told her… "Do you know why he can see them and you can't?" "He said only someone who knows someone who has died can see them…" "Ah." "I think I'd like to be able to see them someday...but I don't want anyone I know to die." "Yeah…" He wondered if the death he had seen in his past life counted, on top of that, he had died himself. It would be interesting to find out if he could see them still. "I have detention for the remainder of the year, every day after dinner." "Oh, that's terrible! Excessive even." "Perhaps a bit..." "I should have at least as many detentions, then!" "No, Lily, it was my idea and I made sure he knew that." "But I agreed to go with you, it's just as much my crime as yours!" "And you got a detention for it. I was also quite disrespectful to the headmaster." "Yeah, you were…" "Dumbledore also believes I have been acting strange." "You have been acting strange, Sev. At first I thought you may have been putting on an act, but you've really changed, haven't you?" "I suppose...Am I terrible now?" "No! Actually, I rather like this 'new' you. You're much more in control of yourself, mature." "I'm glad you approve. I wish the headmaster saw it the same way. He thought I was someone else entirely." She laughed at that. "I think I'd notice if you weren't you." "I agree. You know me better than anyone." "I would hope so, we've known each other for about forever now." "Yes…" "Speaking of people acting strange, Potter and Black had a fight in the common room." "Huh...interesting." "He asked me out again too." "Oh?" "I told him to grow up." "I see. And what if he grows up?" Lily contemplated this. "I don't know, I haven't thought that far ahead." "I see...Would you like to hang out after lunch?" She raised an eyebrow at him. His face suddenly felt too warm. "Not as a date, if you were worried about that…I realize my timing is terrible." She laughed. "I'd love to, but I have already made plans to hang out with Mary and Marlene but Alice doesn't want to 'waste any study time'...You could join us if you want." Did he want to spend the remainder of his day with three teenage girls? Not really. However, one of them was Lily...The question then was: would the other two be willing to hang out with him? Civilly? "I don't think they would enjoy my company." "Well, I'm inviting you, so they'll just have to get over it." "In that case, I look forward to it."
When he approached the girls in the courtyard after lunch, they were huddled around a deck of cards. Mary Macdonald and Marlene McKinnon were not fans of Severus Snape. They both gave him the look one would give gum on their shoe. Lily smiled at him though, and that's all that really mattered. "Hey, Sev." "Hello, Lily...McKinnon, Macdonald." He greeted. "Snape" the two said in unison. "Ready to be crushed at exploding snap?" Lily asked. "Only if you wish the favor returned." The four of them played for just under an hour, then Severus taught them the Bavarian rules and they played that version of the game until the afternoon sun cast shadows over the courtyard. Macdonald had the luck of the cards on that particular day. Severus and McKinnon tied for second after he caught up to her in points during the last round. Lily was a bit of a sore loser. Lily started a heated conversation with McKinnon about one thing or another. It was hard for him to tell what they were actually bickering about because the topic had changed at least three times since he began listening. They started heading towards the lake so Severus trailed behind them as to not intrude. "She's not interested." Macdonald said, suddenly beside him. He looked over to her in confusion. "What?" "Lily. She doesn't think of you as a 'boyfriend' type." "I am aware...She's still my best friend." "After all that crap you pulled with those two buddies of yours this year, I'm surprised she still wants anything to do with you. That Mulciber is a special kind of creep." "Mulciber and Avery are not my friends. Pulling pranks and tormenting my peers is something I no longer wish to participate in, however, it is still not a crime. I will say, Mulciber has a hard time telling the difference between 'cruel' and 'funny' and Avery will do just about anything if it involves laughing at someone else's expense. One might even say that Potter and Black have a similar handicap." She narrowed her eyes. "You're no better than any of those gits so stop acting like you are! You are just as bad as them, if not worse because you're pretending you're not. Lily thinks you've changed for the better, but I see through your act. You're just as sneaky and evil as you always were, Snape." He raised an eyebrow at her. "I hate to disappoint you, Macdonald, but your opinion does not matter to me in the slightest." She scowled at him. "See, I was right. You may be acting more 'mature' but you're still a pathetic slimy git." "I suppose I never claimed to be anything else." Severus picked up on something in his peripherals and stopped in his tracks. A confused MacDonald stopped a bit ahead of him. She turned to the direction he was looking. "What? Do you think you're cool or something, acting like someone's in the trees?" He ignored her and readied his wand. Lily was too far away to protect…hopefully the pricks in the trees were together and he wouldn't have to cover so much ground. If they got ambushed, he couldn't help them. "Lily!" He hollered. The two girls did not hear him, probably due to the wind. Lily was pretty tough...she and McKinnon were both a force to be reckoned with by themselves, nevermind together, and they both joined the order later. They would be fine... He was just stuck protecting the worst duelist of their year. Severus had pulled more impressive stunts, they'd be fine too...probably. His only real concern was if he could maintain his charade of 'student who has never seen a war' in combat. He would try to go easy. "If you're trying to scare me, Snape, it's not going to-" A flash of light shot out towards Macdonald, from where he assumed either Mulciber or Avery was hiding. Reflexively, he blocked the hex and darted over to her. He positioned himself between the girl and their attacker, or attackers, wand pointed down. Mulciber emerged from the trees with a smirk on his face. "One mudblood wasn't good enough for you, Snape?" "I was thinking of having a harem, actually." Severus shot back. That earned him a scowl from Mulciber and he threw another hex, which Severus blocked. A third year, Derrick Frost if he wasn't mistaken, joined at Mulciber's side. Macdonald, wand in hand, had stepped over to his right, though still a bit behind him. He couldn't help but notice her timid stance. "Shove off, Mulciber! You're supposed to stay away from me!" "Ah, Macdonald, perhaps you'd like to pick up where we left off? Frost wouldn't mind a peep show I'm sure. Snape probably wants to see tits for the first time too, even if they're yours...Imperio!" She didn't move at all so Severus shifted to take the hit. The familiar sensation of contentment came over him. It was a weak imperius...compared to his future abilities. Once Mulciber realized it had no effect he tried again, this time stronger. It was of no consequence, Severus resisted once more and shot an incarcerous at him. He blocked it. Severus managed to disarm Frost in the same movement, who belatedly realized he was out of his depth. When one spell took his wand as another was barely blocked by his companion, he retreated back into the woods. With his wand in enemy hands, it was really his best option, unless he planned on having a fistfight with Severus. Most wizards forgot they could attack someone with their bare hands. Severus was not one of those wizards or he would have never survived for as long as he did. "Coward!" Mulciber shouted. Severus sent another spell at Mulciber but he managed to remove himself from its path at the last second. The two Slytherin's exchanged a few more hexes and curses, blocks, and a dodge where he had to shove Macdonald out of the way as well since she didn't seem to be moving on her own. They were far enough apart now that if she could manage to collect her bearings and hold her own, whichever of them Mulciber decided to attack, the other could flank him. Mulciber deemed Severus the bigger threat and continued his assault on him. Macdonald seemed to be still dumbstruck for she still lay on the ground from when he pushed her. He didn't want to actually hurt Mulciber, but he would have a hard time ending this quickly without doing so, the boy was pretty good for a novice. Thankfully after a short while, Macdonald suddenly came to the realization she was in a duel and sent a terribly aimed jinx at Mulciber. She flinched at her own spell but was able to use the momentum to roll to her feet. Mulciber threw a curse in her direction, landing a hit on the girl, but it also gave Severus the opening he needed. He silently cast stupefy and Mulciber dropped to the ground. He then cast expelliarmus and langlock for good measure. He now had quite the wand collection. Severus ran over to Macdonald, who was on the ground again, holding her ears and crying. She was likely hit with the ear-shrivelling curse. He knelt down beside her. "Let me see, Macdonald." She shook her head and continued to sob quietly. "I can fix it, but you have to let me see what I'm doing. Unless you want dog ears or something as equally ridiculous." That probably wouldn't happen but he'd rather not make it worse simply because he couldn't see. Macdonald slowly removed her hands so he could perform the counter curse on one ear and then the other. She was shaking when he was done but at least she wasn't crying anymore. "What the blazes happened here!" Barked a professor approaching the scene. Must have been that year's defense teacher. Professor Richland (he was pretty sure.) Severus stood slowly and Macdonald followed suit. Professor Richland cast rennervate on Mulciber and he popped up like he'd been stung. He flailed about since he was unable to speak. "Somebody better start talking! Were you three duelling?" "We were ambushed, professor." Macdonald said. "Snape and I were walking to catch up with our friends and Mulciber hexed us from the trees. A younger student was with him too but he ran back into the woods." Richland looked to Mulciber. "And your side of the story?" Mulciber made a moaning sound. "What have you done to him?" She accused Severus. "Made it so he could not hex us anymore." "Well, un-hex him!" Severus rolled his eyes and flicked his wand at Mulciber. He wasted no time with his newfound ability to talk again. "Those two ambushed us, Professor! We were minding our own business, enjoying the nice weather when they came along and hexed us! Frost managed to run away but I don't know what they would have done to me if you hadn't shown up." "I think we should settle this inside. Let's go, all of you."
Professor Richland followed the three of them up to the castle. Mulciber glared at Severus the entire way. He could see the boy was trying to figure out how Severus could have resisted his imperio as if the answer was in the pattern which acne attempted to take over his face. Once they arrived at the Defense classroom, Richland floo called Minerva and Slughorn from her office. Great, more professors to bicker about their fates. Now that the six of them were present, the three students recounted their tale of the events by the lake. Minerva had been looking at Severus accusingly until Macdonald told her truths. Frost was then collected to tell his version. The three professors bickered, as he knew they would. Slughorn was convinced it was all a misunderstanding. Minerva was having none of the possibility that one of her innocent cubs was guilty of anything. Richland wanted them all to have detention between the state she found Mulciber in, and the curses that were allegedly cast on both sides. Merlin's beard, it was like listening to the three heads of a Runespoor. The planner would be Minerva, obviously. The dreamer would be Slughorn. The critic would be Richland. They needed to bite off the head of the critic or bring in a parselmouth to settle their disagreements. Albus would play the role of 'parselmouth' quite nicely. "In all due respect, professors, might I suggest, since the details of our stories differ so greatly, that we consult the headmaster? Be it with his pensieve or other means. I would even volunteer to take veritaserum." Severus offered. "Veritaserum probably has no effect on you! Greasy potions swot." Mulciber retorted. "Mr. Mulciber, please." Minerva said sternly. "Mr. Snape, we do not use veritaserum on students." "The headmaster is a busy man, Mr. Snape, I think we can work this out ourselves." Slughorn said. "I don't believe so, sir. The imperius curse is an unforgivable, that is a serious matter of the law if Mulciber used the spell as I said. I do not want to interrupt the headmaster either, but I would be more comfortable if he were to share his thoughts on the matter." Added Severus. "I think having the headmaster's opinion would be insightful, if nothing else. Using an unforgivable on school grounds is a serious accusation." Agreed Minerva. The headmaster joined them in his own time. He was a 'busy man' after all. Upon entering he looked around the room at the collection of people. "How can I be of service?" "These four are in need if detentions for duelling by the lake." Richland stated. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves." Said Minerva. "Perhaps we should let the student's retell their tales for Albus. It was his opinion we wanted, yes?" Suggested Slughorn. Mulciber started this time. "Frost and I were practicing spells-" "Oi! You said you were just enjoying the weather last telling!" Macdonald interrupted. "Yeah, were were enjoying the weather and practicing spells! It's possible to do more than one thing you know!" Albus raised a hand. "You will have your turn, Ms. Macdonald. Please continue, Mr. Mulciber" Mulciber cleared his throat. "Right. So we were practicing and then out of nowhere Snape and Macdonald showed up and picked a fight with us. I thought it was odd that Snape was with Macdonald instead of Evans but she's friends with her so I guess it didn't really matter to him which Gryffindor girl he got to hang out with him. I think he fancies himself a Gryffindor." Snape scowled but didn't say anything, though he most certainly wanted to protest. "They managed to disarm Frost pretty quick and he ran off for help. The two of them kept attacking me, and I was a bit overwhelmed and I don't know what spells I was using, I just wanted them to go away. They got me though, and that's when Professor Richland saved me." "All right, Mr. Frost?" "We were hanging out, like Mulciber said, and they showed up." He pointed at Severus and Macdonald. "I lost my wand to Snape so I ran to find a teacher. Never found one until you brought me here…" "I see...Ms. Macdonald?" "Lily, Marlene, Snape and I were playing cards in the courtyard. We got tired of it after a while and called it a game. I won, Snape and Marlene tied for second and Lily lost. Lily and Marlene began arguing about why Lily lost at cards and other stupid stuff and then started walking while they were talking. Snape and I followed, assuming the other two had a destination in mind. We ended up walking by the lake. He and I started talking and then suddenly Snape stopped. At first, I thought he was trying to scare me, but then he called for Lily and someone tried to hex us from the trees. Snape blocked it, then Mulciber and Frost came out. Mulciber said some creepy things to us and then tried to imperio me like he did a while back. Snape stopped him somehow and then Frost ran off. Before I knew it, there were spells flying everywhere. At one point Snape pushed me out of the way of a spell and we were separated. While Mulciber attacked him, I realized I had the perfect opportunity to throw a spell at him. I missed though, and he cursed me and it made my ears hurt really bad. I don't know the rest of what happened until Snape came over and fixed them." Albus looked curiously at Severus. "And Mr. Snape?" "It's as Macdonald said. Though, when she distracted Mulciber, it gave me the opportunity to stun him. When I went over to her, I realized he had hit her with the ear-shriveling curse. I know the counter curse, so I returned her ears to their pre-curses state." "And then?" Albus prodded. He was searching for more of something, Severus just wasn't sure what. "Nothing, sir. That's when Professor Richland showed up." He handed the headmaster his wand and trophies. "To solidify our story, you can check our wands. I have no idea what you may find on Frost's wand, though, since he never got the chance to cast anything on us." Severus was most curious what the third year had been 'practicing' with Mulciber, and what sort of evidence was in his wand. Albus looked at the wands, amusement in his eyes. "What would you have done if Professor Richland hadn't spotted you all?" "Left Mulciber there to sleep off his stunner and catch back up to Lily and McKinnon to make sure they didn't get ambushed as well. If Mulciber is about, Avery usually is too." "If any of them find themselves in the infirmary, we shall have a talk with them as well." Albus said. "You also put a curse on Mr. Milciber's tongue, or did you forget?" Snapped Richland. "It only stuck his tongue to the top of his mouth. It would have worn off about the same time as the stunner if you hadn't woken him up." He replied dryly. "I didn't want him to somehow hex us with our backs turned if he happened to regain consciousness early." "Even though you already had his wand?" Asked Minerva. "One can never be too careful." Severus heard Alastor Moody's 'Constant vigilance' echo in his mind. "I've never heard of a hex like that." Commented Slughorn. "I made it up." Supplied Severus. "On the spot?" "No, sir. I've been making up some of my own spells since about my third year." Langlock was actually one of the first ones he created. "That's quite impressive…" Mused Slughorn. He was probably wondering why he hadn't invited him to his 'Slug Club' yet. Not that Severus wanted to join. Meanwhile, Macdonald offered her wand to Albus. He cast Prior Incantato on the collection before him. They read as Severus knew they would. As a bonus, Frost's last spell was in fact: imperio. That young man was in quite the predicament, now. "Well isn't that interesting…" Albus said mostly to himself. "I think I have a pretty good idea of what happened, thank you all." He dismissed all of the professors except Slughorn. "Ms. Macdonald, you are free to go as well." He said as he returned her wand. She left and the headmaster turned his attention to Severus. "Are you trying to making a habit of getting into trouble more regularly, Mr. Snape?" Slughorn raised an eyebrow at this. "Attempting to cut back, sir. I would say this time it backfired a bit." He stroked his beard. "Yes...We can discuss this more later, if you wish?" There was a gleam in his eye that suggested he had something else in mind. He definitely skimmed the memories of everyone in the room besides his, there was no doubt. He was getting more curious about Severus. That was fine, he could be curious, he could even be on friendly terms with the man. However, he would not be his soldier, and definitely not his spy again. "There is really nothing more to say, sir, but thank you for the offer." Albus handed him his wand. "Very well, you are dismissed." Severus bowed his head slightly and left Mulciber and Frost to their fates. Mulciber would weasel his way out of anything too severe. Frost had the chance of being expelled, though, the headmaster could be all too lenient sometimes. Severus knew this firsthand. Perhaps Frost's life would be spared this time around if he learned from his mistakes today, since he was caught. He had died so young in Severus' previous life, the boy wasn't cut out to be a Dark Wizard. Hopefully whatever he decided to do with himself now would be what he wants to do instead of what his peers pressured him to do. Only time will tell.
Severus found Lily and her two protegés loitering in a nearby corridor. "Sev! Mary just told us what happened, you didn't get in trouble again did you?" "No, Slughorn, Mulciber and Frost are still up there, though. I believe the headmaster figured out what really happened." "He really does know everything." Said Macdonald to no one in particular. "Was your walk interrupted as well?" Quizzed Severus. "Actually, yeah. Avery, Black's little brother and Nott tried to ambush us." "I see they were not successful." "Not really, they did get Marlene with antlers before we knew they were there. I removed Black's fingers straight off. Marlene jinxed a few rocks to bite and they chased Nott about. Those two ran away then. Avery and I exchanged a few spells but he ran off too once he noticed he had been abandoned." They could hold their own, he had nothing to worry about. "Remind me not to upset you two, especially if you're together." The girls all laughed. "Lily, ever the charms expert, got the antlers off of me." McKinnon continued. "Then we went looking for you two and saw that Professor Richland was escorting you guys and Mulciber to the castle. We followed and waited outside the classroom. What took so long anyway?" "The professors were not sure which of us to believe. We ended up having the headmaster come in to settle it all." "He checked all of our wands at Snape's request." Macdonald threw in. "How'd you get the other two to give theirs up?" Lily inquired. "Snape already had them. He disarmed those prats before Richland caught us." "The last spell Frost cast was imperio. He didn't cast it on either of us though." Severus added. The group was silent for a moment. "Mulciber did. Twice." Said Macdonald. "Snape took both hits and brushed them off like they were nothing." Lily addressed Severus. "Wow, Sev, you're kind of amazing." She smiled at him and he knew he blushed from the compliment. Lily then turned to Macdonald. "You're lucky it was Sev who was with you, Mary. Mulciber is a nasty piece of work." Macdonald tuned to him. "I never did thank you for that. For not letting Mulciber imperio me again...So, thanks. Snape was suddenly uncomfortable, no one had ever thanked him for protecting them before. To him it had always been a thankless job, more an instinct than anything else. He had to constantly suppress the urge to do so in the presence of the Dark Lord. "Sure, don't mention it…" "How did you do it?" McKinnon asked. "How did you block the imperius curse?" "Oh...I didn't block it exactly, at least not with a spell. I overcame it in my own mind, pushed it out." "How'd you do that? How do you even learn to do that?" "Practice...Occlumency helps a bit too, but it's not a requirement." "I don't know what that is, but would you teach me?" Macdonald asked. "I don't want Mulciber to imperio me ever again." He wanted to teach Lily Occlumency...the more the merrier, he supposed. So long as there were no potions to blow up on his shoes and robes, he could probably teach them with ease. Good practice for if he decided to continue on the path of 'professor.' "Occlumency or how to resist imperio?" "Both?" She asked hesitantly. "I suppose they are both good to know...I shall offer 'lessons' to all of you next year." They all grinned. "Be warned, neither of the things I will teach you are easy to learn. If you cannot grasp the concept in a timeframe I deem acceptable, I shall not waste my time to continue. Also, occlumency is especially invasive, so if you are not okay with me discovering your secrets, I cannot really teach it to you effectively." The girls looked significantly less happy with the new information.
After dinner, Albus had him organizing his books, surely tempting him to read one. He even left the office, but Severus knew what he was doing: giving him an opportunity to snoop...only to get caught again. He wouldn't mind having the headmaster's collection at his disposal again, so many of them were one of a kind. There were even quite a few handwritten ones. He was a bit sad he didn't have the time to enjoy any of them during his reign of terror over the school. As it was, he did not have permission to read any of the headmaster's books, so he simply did not. The only reason he broke into the office to do just that was, as Albus would say, for the greater good. His version of the greater good just happened to be built around Lily. He felt like a new person, now that he had Lily back, and the life he had led (and death) put everything into a new perspective. Gods, Albus and Lily were right, he basically had changed into another person since he was a teenager that was mad at the world for being unfair. He was not quite the grumpy professor his student's feared anymore either. He had learned from his mistakes. Severus was in fact a new man. A man who had the knowledge to destroy the Dark Lord...once he found all the pieces. "How's it coming along, my boy?" So the man had finally returned. "I think I'm about a third of the way through, sir." Albus pretended to admire his work. "Ah, I see." Severus continued to organize and Albus watched him. He ignored it for a while but it was starting to get on his nerves. "Something on your mind, sir?" "Oh, there's always something rattling around up there…" He stopped and turned to the man. "Anything in particular?" Albus appeared to be amused. "Actually, I was wondering...how do you feel about the political climate?" He wanted his opinion on the Dark Lord? Severus blinked. "I think we are in need of some 'climate change' or at the very least a better weatherman." At that Albus tilted his head. "Weather man?" Severus wondered why he would occasionally remember muggle terms...He sighed. "A bloke on the telly who talks about the weather." "This, coming from the boy who doesn't know the name of a popular muggle candy?" Severus frowned. "Da, watched the telly a lot." Gods, he hadn't thought about his parents in years. Wait, it was 1976. They were still alive...Merlin's beard... "Watched? He doesn't anymore?" Leave it to Albus to catch that. "I can only hope he's found a better pastime since I saw him last." Nice save Severus. "I see...And how do you feel about muggles? " "I find them tedious." Severus said blandly. "Hm." Albus stroked his beard. "And muggleborns?" "They are no different than any other witch or wizard but are usually handicapped right from the start. They have no means to be educated about our world and customs before they get their letter. Then they come to school and get bullied by some purebloods and self-righteous half-bloods because none of their family is magical. Their ignorance is frowned upon by many, but that's not exactly their fault is it? We don't even offer them a class to get acquainted with the foreign culture they get tossed into." The headmaster's eyebrows had been steadily rising during his short rant. "I hadn't realized you were so passionate about the subject, Mr. Snape." "Lily Evans is muggle born and probably the most talented witch attending Hogwarts. I told her about the magical world before we attended school. She had an advantage over the rest of the muggleborns because of this, but my question is: why isn't this information easier to access for them?" "Interesting...forgive me for the sobject change, but do you ever wish you were in a different house Mr. Snape?" Severus barked a laugh. "I am a proud Slytherin, headmaster. But being in Slytherin does not mean I am only the definition of one." This seemed to amuse Albus. But Severus had seen it with his own eyes repeatedly. There were so many who fell out of their 'mould' whether it be for the good or the bad. Severus had wished Lily to be in the same house as him when they were first sorted. He has since realized one's house does not decide who anyone is or can be friends with. Houses simply divided them with a list of traits that are most prominent in an individual, but it's how they choose to use them that really matters. "...Would you care to elaborate?" He could list examples all day of people who became something that was much different than everyone else expected. Quite extreme examples: A Gryffindor could be chivalrous, but also cowardly and betray their friends like Wormtail. A Hufflepuff could be loyal to a fault, but also be cruel to a perfect stranger like the Carrows. A Ravenclaw could be clever and witty, but they can easily use their treasured knowledge for selfish gain like Lockhart. And a Slytherin could be cunning but also have the courage to defy their family to do what they know in their heart to be right like Regulus Black. "Very well, I suppose a good example would be you, headmaster. You do not fit your Gryffindor mould. I would consider you one of the most cunning men I have ever met, more so than many Slytherins. There's always a motive behind what you do, but more often than not, it turns out for the best. It is not a bad thing, but the trait is not common to your house." Albus thought about what he said then chuckled. "Are you certain you are only sixteen, Mr. Snape? You have the insightful qualities of someone who has lived a life of experience." "Age does not determine experience." Though it definitely helps. "Very true...Would you tell me something? How long have you been hiding this side of yourself?" Severus thought for a moment. "I never hid anything, per-se. I recently discovered that being true to myself and my desires was the only way I would ever be content." "And what are your desires?" "No disrespect, headmaster, but that's none of your business." Albus smiled at him. "You are a delightfully intriguing individual, Mr. Snape." "If you say so, sir."
There was someone invisible outside of the Slytherin common room. James Potter revealed himself from under his invisibility cloak looking nervous. "I do hope you're not here to pick a fight with me, Potter. I'm booked on detentions and really not in the mood for another duel today." "What? No, I need your help. Are your roommates in?" "I have no clue, I've been in detention since dinner...you are not coming into my dorm." Potter made a strange face. "You got detention without me? I'm wounded." Snape narrowed his eyes. "What do you want, Potter?" He looked both ways as if someone might be eavesdropping. "Can we talk somewhere private?" He sighed. "Follow me...I swear to Merlin, if you ask me out, I will hex you." Potter scoffed. Severus led him to an abandoned classroom and warded the door behind them. "Speak." Potter tossed the cloak on a desk and began pacing. "Sirius wants to 'put you in your place' after what happened by the lake Thursday. Lily Evans told me to 'grow up' and if I do she might consider having a real conversation with me and that could lead to a date, and I really want a date with Evans…" He looked at Severus sceptically. "You don't like her...do you?" Yes as a matter of fact, I do. But she's not interested. "As a friend." He made a forward motion with his hand. "Continue." "Anyway, I can't be 'grown up' if I prank you, and you were the one who proposed a truce between us anyway. I agree by the way, I thought about it and we have tormented each other enough over the years. Sirius doesn't believe me when I say you don't want to fight with us anymore, says you're a Death Eater and is determined to do something to you before the end of the year. I think he recruited Peter since I won't help him and now he wont talk to me." "Do you not think I'm a Death Eater, Potter?" "I decided to try believing Lily Evans about you not being a Death Eater. I hope, for your sake, she's right." Severus couldn't help but smirk a bit. "Are you just warning me about Black or do you actually have something you need my assistance with?" "Yes, I need you to talk to Sirius before he does something stupid. Like how you talked to me when you returned my cloak. It really got me thinking and I think he needs something like that to help him realize that we're less than a year away from being adults and need to stop acting like little kids." "I don't think words would penetrate the thick skull of Sirius Black. He's too stubborn. He and Pettigrew can make their diabolical plans, I already expected him to not be on board with the idea of a truce between us. In any case, thanks for the warning, Potter." He frowned. "There's one more thing." "What's that then?" He looked like he wasn't sure he actually wanted to say whatever it was but then he took a deep breath. "Would you put in a good word to Evans for me? Let her know I'm really trying?" He looked the young man over as if he were evaluating his worth. His conclusion: Not much. But it wasn't him that Potter had to impress, it was Lily. He didn't want him anywhere near her, but he knew that whatever he became was the man Lily fell in love with. He wondered if she would still fall for him. Probably, and if she did, Severus would have to accept that if he wanted to remain in Lily's life. He wouldn't give up her friendship for any inconvenience, whether it be named James Potter or otherwise. Severus would never encourage their relationship, nor would he sabotage it. Lily's happiness meant too much to him. She was free to make her own choices just as he was. "If you want her heart, Potter, you'll have to earn it. She is no trophy." With that, he un-warded the door and left.
The morning brought another exam day. Potions. Unfortunately he did not sleep well having Mulciber and Avery in the same room as him and making all sorts of noise in the middle of the night. He would have to find alternative sleeping quarters for his fluctuating relationship with his dorm-mates. Severus had gotten used to the luxury of sleeping through the night, despite the regular nightmares that haunted him, but he was used to those. His young body, still in the process of growing, needed the rest (even if his tortured mind couldn't get any) and was upset by the neglect. At least he could do anything potions related in his sleep...He might actually have to today. He showered and discovered he finally needed a bit of a shave but couldn't bring himself to care today. Severus spent the study period that morning with Lupin since he was alone at one of the tables. The young wolf looked at him curiously but went back to his studying. With the marauders fighting amongst themselves, he wondered which 'side' he was on, or if he even took a side. They sat in silence until Potter joined them. "Remus, sorry I'm- Snape?" He whispered. Severus sighed and whispered back. "No, Potter, I'm Snape. Would you like me to label your pants for you?" He frowned at the remark. "You look like hell." "Thanks, I work tirelessly at it." "You can't be stressed about...potions?" Sverus looked up at the boy that saved his hide from the one sitting next to him during a full moon...in another life, next year. "No, Potter, I'm not worried about my exam." He returned his attention to his arithmancy book. Potter inhaled like he was going to pry but thought better of it. He then started quietly helping Lupin with his last minute studying for potions. Lily appeared from wherever she usually hides in the mornings after breakfast. She came over and sat across from him. "Merlin, Sev, did you sleep?" She whispered a bit too loud. Madam Pince shot them a look. He silently cast muffliato around he and Lily. He spoke in a quiet tone still. "Not well. When Mulciber finally came in, he and Avery started rummaging about and whispering. They were up half the night and I think at one point they tried to get through my wards on the bed curtains. When I woke I had to disable a few of their traps." "That's not right. They can't do that to you! ...What is that sound by the way?" "Its a spell to keep people from eavesdropping. Anyway, I left them a present. Hopefully they received it well." "You're such a genius, Sev...You didn't hurt them I hope?" He raised an eyebrow at her. "No, but they might find themselves quite uncomfortable today." Lily turned to see the two marauders staring at them curiously. She jabbed a thumb in their direction. "Why are you sitting with them?" "I only sat with Lupin because he had the table to himself and my options were a bit limited. Potter came over a few minutes ago." "What do you two want?" She asked them. "They can't hear you, Lily." He cancelled the spell and began whispering quieter again. "Now they can." "What was that spell, Snape?" Potter asked just as quietly. "One of mine, Potter. If you're nice I might even share." He returned just as quiet. "Show me." Potter demanded. "Madam Pince will kick us out if we keep making noise." He said as he silently re-cast it over the whole table. He added a notice-me-not for good measure. "I need it." Potter continued. "I'm sure you do. Now is not the time nor place." That seemed to shut him up for now. Severus left the spells up as they all studied as to not potentially antagonize their librarian. "Are you two...getting on?" Lily asked in reference to himself and Potter. "We have come to an understanding." Severus responded. She turned to Potter with a skeptical look. "Really?" "Yes, Evans." He said matter-of-factly. "Is this why you and Black are having issues?" He nodded. "I saw him and Peter skulking about this morning." "I believe they have plans to disturb me in some manner. Perhaps it will be today." Severus added. "We need to stop them." Potter said. "We?" "He's my friend. So if I know he's planning on being a prat and let him, it's just as much my fault as his." Lupin's eyebrows shot up at his friends words. Good, maybe he'll start standing up for what he believes in. "I appreciate the gesture, Potter, but I'll be fine." "Maybe so, but I want to be there to try and talk some sense into him. I'll walk with you to exams." Lupin looked back and forth between them. "I'll go too." Ah, it speaks. "After yesterday don't you dare think you're going anywhere without me, Sev." Added Lily. "We'll all go together." Severus looked to her and saw the determination in her eyes. "I suppose I don't really have a choice in the matter. Bloody stubborn Gryffindors." That last bit he said under his breath. They heard him anyway, not that he cared, and the three of them smirked to themselves. "What happened yesterday?" Potter inquired. He and Lily ignored him.
Severus and his unwanted Gryffindor entourage left the library and made their way to the great hall together. He was still quite tired from last night but his coffee from breakfast was finally starting to kick in. He really did not want to reacquire his habit of not sleeping followed by coffee, if for no other reason than he hated coffee and liked sleep. At least it did what it was supposed to, he was awake enough to function. This exam would be too easy...he wished he remembered to bring a book. Maybe he'd just keep writing the essay portion and see how many feet of ink he could put to parchment in the allotted time. They made it to the exam room unscathed and the four of them went to their assigned desks. Once seated, he looked over to Black, who was glaring daggers at Potter. He turned to him a moment later and Severus could almost feel the hate in his glare. He supposed the root of Black's extreme prejudice was his own family. He hated what they believed in and all of them were Slytherins except him. He connected the two in his mind and it made everything black and white. Slytherins were bad, because his family was bad. Slytherins became Death Eaters, no exceptions. Potter's heart was his motivation to change. He already wanted to change to impress Lily and to be the 'good guy' he saw himself as. He just needed an opportunity and Severus had given him one. Lucky for him he was running with it on the chance that Lily might like him. So long as he left him alone most of the time and didn't make it a habit to ask for favors outside of his dorm, he could refrain from murdering the boy. Black had no desire to change. In his world, all Slytherins were the villains and Severus was their poster boy. He would be a challenge. He would need an entirely different approach, but what? A paper swan landed on his desk that came from from somewhere behind him. He was fairly certain something like this had happened before. He made note of Minerva's location and opened the paper carefully. He read the love note from a 'secret admirer' in Wormtail's feminine loopy writing. Yes, same deal, how unoriginal. Though, Black didn't know he had already pulled this prank on him but much later in their school years. Also, he would not mistake this 'secret admirer' as possibly being Lily this time. He tossed the paper on the floor between himself and Black and it burst into flame. He did not break eye contact with the boy who had commissioned the letter. He blew him a kiss in an exaggerated manner, something he would never do in any other circumstance. It had the desired effect, Black turned a shade of green and stuck his nose back into his exam. Severus returned to his work as well. Professor McGonagall came over to investigate the small fire on the floor but no one in the immediate area looked up at her. She vanished it with a suspicious look to all of them and continued her patrol of the exam. Severus reacquired his unwanted bodyguards after the written exam (they ambushed him before he could leave on his own) and the four of them walked to the courtyard together. They sat in a half circle to study. "Did I see you blow a kiss at Black?" Lily asked when they got settled. "Yes." "...You like him?" "No, but the idea that I do makes him liable to vomit." Potter and Lily both laughed. "Is toying with him really the best idea if you're trying to 'make peace' with him?" Lupin asked, looking thoughtful. "I am confusing him more than anything. The more I can throw him off and do things he doesn't expect, the more likely I can use it to my advantage. It's still going to be a while before he comes to the conclusion that I have no desire to participate in this ridiculous and ungrounded feud any longer." "...Did you manipulate me?" Potter asked suddenly. He locked eyes with the boy. "I used your own motives to get you to do what I wanted, so yes." "And what are my motives?" "To be the man of Lily Evan's dreams." The girl in question, who was quietly listening, burst into laughter. Potter frowned at him. "What about Lupin? Have you manipulated him?" The wolf looked at him curiously, as if he was unsure if their silent study time counted. "Don't have to, he already doesn't like to antagonize or upset others, to the point it's a character flaw. Where you lot go, he follows in the path of least violence." "And Peter?" "The rat likes a good show so long as he isn't the one who has to put it on. The bloody coward only wants to hang out with you lot so he doesn't become a target himself. If he doesn't have an initiator, he will not act on his own." The two marauders flinched at the term 'rat' but Lily just frowned. "That's not very nice, Sev." "I'm not nice, I'm honest." "You're also scary observant." Said Lupin. "And weird." Added Potter. "If you say." "I don't know how you manage to have any friends, Snape." Potter stated. "Slytherin's don't have friends." "But we're friends, Sev." Lily said. He nodded to her in agreement. "Food for thought." The three Gryffindors looked at eachother like one of them might have held the answer to an unasked question. "You ever going to tell me what that anti-eavesdropping spell is?" Potter asked suddenly. "Probably not."
A/N: Thank you mystery guest! Without you, who knows how long it would have taken me to notice! At some point after the practical, Macdonald and McKinnon joined his Gryffindor hoard. They asked him if he was okay after last night since he shared a dorm with their attackers. He was sceptical if their concern but told them he was fine. Potter asked again what happened and the two girls told him the bare bones of it while twirling strands of hair. Then they proceeded to gossip with Lily since Severus had apparently 'stolen' her that morning. He opted for a short nap among them. If they insisted on keeping him company, may as well take advantage of their proxy protection. And Lily wouldn't let them do anything to him. Severus woke from a dead sleep with a start. He took in his surroundings, which were smelly, smoggy and filled with the sound of coughing and gagging. A dungbomb gift from Black, or possibly the dynamic duo he made to be a bit itchy. Either way, he fled the immediate area along with the others. He ended up going the same direction as Lupin and McKinnon. "Did either of you see which direction it came from?" They both shook their heads between coughs. He turned and happened to see Potter taking a corner quickly, looking to be hot on a trail. Severus took off after him. They chased their attacker (Wormtail) all the way out to the quidditch pitch, where Black was waiting. "Get lost James, this doesn't concern you!" He hollered at his friend. "It does though! I don't want you to-" "Shut up! You're supposed to have my back but now you are hanging out with the enemy!" "I'm not hanging out with him! I want to hang out with you, but you keep blowing me off!" Lupin and Lily both arrived then. McKinnon and Macdonald not far behind them. "Can't you see he's just tricking you? He's just another one of them! I can spot a Death Eater in the making a mile out!" He turned to Severus and pulled out his wand. "I want a duel Snivelly! Right here, right now, just you and me!" "Quit being daft! Just let him be and see what he does! If he buggers us then we'll know we were right all along!" Potter protested. "You're the one being daft! He'll stab you in the back!" Wormtail looked far too amused. This was going nowhere. "If you really want to duel me, Black, I will happily teach you a lesson." Severus interrupted. He decided to limitate himself for the fight: no shielding charm. All three looked at him. "The conditions of a win?" Severus asked. "Render the other unconscious." Spat Black. "Very well, and what is your prize?" "You'll never talk to Evans again and give my mates back!" "Sirius!-" Potter started. "You don't get to tell me who I can be friends with, Black!" Lily protested. Severus raised an eyebrow. "I thought you had a bit more than hot air between your ears, I see I was wrong. You can have your mates as much as you like, but you can't make me stay away from mine." Black paused in thought for a moment. "Fine. You'll wear red and gold at every Gryffindor quidditch match from now on, and you will attend them! You'll also have to sit with your fellow snakes!" "Very well, my prize will be similar. You will wear green and silver at every Slytherin match, and you will attend them all until we graduate. Our seeker would certainly enjoy the support of his big brother." He frowned. "What if I make the team next year?" "The same rules apply, and you'll sit out every match against Slytherin." Black hesitated but did finally agree. "Fine." They positioned themselves about twenty paces from each other, their audience of six at the edge of the pitch. Severus drew his wand and bowed. Black's bow was short and before he was fully up, he shot a stunner at Severus. He dodged it and sent two back at him in quick succession. Black managed to evade them but nearly fell over in the process. He may be fast, but Severus was faster. He waited for the boy to recover his footing, then sent a barrage of spells at him while slowly walking in a large circle around him. Some were silent to change it up. He pointedly kept them light, for he just wanted to see what Black could handle. He didn't want to hurt him...much. But this was a warning to stay away. Black blocked and dodged most of them but a couple of the stingers got through and a knockback landed him on his bum. He sat there a bit disoriented for a moment, then flew into a rage that could be mistaken as a tantrum. He shot as many spells as quickly as he could Severus' way. He dodged them all while continuing to make his slow circle around Black. This was far too easy. He felt like a teacher duelling a student...well, in a way that's exactly what was happening. Severus started throwing jinxes between Black's spells and it slowed him down immensely. The boy favored blocking over dodging and had barely moved aside from turning as he circled him. Perhaps this 'no shielding' was working to his advantage. He could only get away with it since he had no one to protect, but now that he didn't have to block hexes and just doge them, he had created an offensive advantage... Leave it to his brain to strategize his self imposed limitations to his favor. It was, however, physically demanding. Merlin bless his youthful stamina. Severus decided to have mercy on Black for, despite the exercise, he was getting bored. He collapsed the ground beneath Black's feet with reducto. Black overcompensated the correction to keep his footing and fell over again which left him open to attack. Severus took advantage of it this time and stunned him, thus concluding their duel. Potter and Wormtail rushed past him from behind to collect their friend. Lupin stopped beside him. "Snape…" He spoke with an unsure quality. "Tend to your friend, Lupin. I'm afraid his pride will be severely wounded." Severus joined Lily and the other two girls. They had a look of unease. "Where did you learn to duel like that, Sev?" Lily asked. He cocked an eyebrow. "I was trying something different." "Well, it was like watching a predator play with its prey...it looked like you wanted to kill him." "I...I never cast anything worse than a hex at him." "He was so helpless though. You could have ended it a lot sooner, but you just kept toying with him. You didn't even block his spells, and the way you prowled around him with such a serious look…it was kind of scary." Severus wasn't sure how to respond, he was just trying to prove a point to Black. "Black barely moved, he made himself an easy target...I guess I'm used to four on one…" he reasoned. "People usually stand still in a duel." Macdonald said. "That is bad practice, staying mobile makes you a more difficult target. Besides, the unforgivables can't be blocked." "You take dueling way too seriously, Snape." McKinnon said. "Perhaps you don't take it seriously enough. There is a war on the horizon, and it's best to take every advantage in preparation for a real fight." "You're such an overachiever, Sev." Lily said. "They don't say Slytherins are ambitious for nothing." He quipped. He lead them off the Pitch toward the great hall for dinner.
Detention number three consisted of book organizing again. Albus sat at his desk pretending to read while observing Severus. "Do you enjoy duelling Mr. Snape?" He must have seen what happened on the quidditch pitch earlier. Sneaky old coot. "Not really." He said nonchalantly. He didn't bother turning toward the man and continued his task. The headmaster made a noncommittal sound...he was studying Severus again. Albus looked to his familiar questioningly then back to him. Fawkes paid neither of them any mind. "Do you trust me, Severus?" "...Not really." "Hm...Fawkes thinks you do." That is where you are mistaken, headmaster, Fawkes knows my loyalty. Trust is another matter. "Then Fawkes is as mad as his wizard...sir." He chuckled. "Perhaps...or perhaps you are mistaken?" "I think if I trusted you, we would both know it and not have to depend on the opinion of a bird." He was silent for a while. "Have I upset you, my boy?" Only frequently, pay it no mind. Severus had to think about what would be an appropriate response. Best to keep it simple. "Yes." Albus stroked his beard. "Was it because I used some surface legilimency on you?" "No." Perhaps there was such a thing as 'too simple' with Albus... "Hm...Does it have to do with those four rivals of yours?" "...No." "Would you care to enlighten me as to what I've done?" Great, now he was being interrogated again. "No. It-...it doesn't matter anymore." Albus had only taken his freedom from him, but also given him something to live for. Something to fight for...and then took that away too, in a sense. All for his precious greater good, and Severus didn't even know if Albus' master plan had worked before he was murdered by that blasted snake. Nevermind the assisted suicide he had to help with. "Oh, but it does. It affects your opinion of me greatly." Albus pushed. "Perhaps, but there is nothing to be done for it." "Are we speaking of one act, or many?" "...I think we are done speaking about it at all, sir." "I must disagree, are you sure whatever it is cannot be reconciled?" He grit his teeth. "Quite certain." Albus furrowed his brow and stroked his beard some more. "...Do you hate me, Severus?" "Yes." But only sometimes. That word came out of his mouth faster than he could think it, but the man also held a place in his cold and blackened heart for such a long time he couldn't help but care for him. It may have beat for Lily, but Albus, despite his motives, was always there when he needed someone after she died. But this man was not his Albus, but he also was (or rather would be?) and it was frustrating. Severus finally turned to face him. "I suppose hate is a bit too strong a word. I dislike you, I find you annoying and invasive. On top of that, the way you have treated me thus far has left something to be desired." The man looked a bit hurt. "I am sorry to hear that's how you feel, my boy." Severus returned to the books and Albus watched him for a bit longer in silence. "Mr. Snape?" "What." He said shortly. When he didn't answer Severus turned back towards him. "If you ever find yourself in need of an ear-" "I appreciate the offer, headmaster. I'm afraid my complaints are of no consequence." "Very well...my offer still stands. You are dismissed for the evening." Albus said. "Good evening then, sir." "And to you, Mr. Snape." Severus left in what would be a billow of robes if they were not his threadbare school uniform.
Mulciber and Avery were livid with him, or at least Mulciber was. He almost got caught in one one of his particularly nasty traps upon entering the dorm the night before. Much more of this crap and he'd make do with a broom cupboard on another floor as sleeping quarters. Maybe he could find that disappearing room Potter-who-lived used when Umbridge was (not) teaching Defense. He knew it was on the seventh floor and had actively avoided it (and directed the Carrows away from it) while he was headmaster for students had been using it as a safe haven that horrible year. Perhaps he could convince Avery to assist him, he'd see how upset he truly was about the itchy pants later...Maybe he could even turn him on Mulciber. He was being very friendly before...well, before he punched him…he could try to salvage a working relationship. Frost was at breakfast, having survived the wrath of the headmaster. He kept his head down and didn't appear to want to converse with anyone. As severus passed, Mulciber was giving him a good tongue lashing for his 'cowardice' and how much it had cost him when he abandoned him. Severus grabbed the boy by his collar and practically dragged him all the way to his end of the table. He sat him down and told him to fill up a new plate. Frost hesitantly complied and the two of them ate breakfast in silence. If Mulciber wanted to be mad at the boy for his own mistakes, so be it, but Frost needed somewhere away from the weight of the blame. It wasn't actually his fault. The students nearest his vacant edge of the table, first years, kept looking at him like he was some sort of poisonous deity. Albus seemed unsure of what to think of him and hopefully would give up on trying to pry into his head. Probably not, but Severus could hope he'd at least take a break. He stared at him just about all through breakfast until Minerva distracted him. Richland glared at him. She would be gone soon so he didn't even care. Lupin was his library table companion again. They did not speak much, but he did ask him a question about Astrology. Potter joined them, late like yesterday. He then accused Severus of cheating during the duel against Black. A younger severus would have been very upset by this. Who was he kidding, a younger Severus would be very upset by anything, especially if it involved the marauders. He told the boy to leave him alone so he could study in peace. Potter called him a swot. Severus may or may not have called him something unsavory in return. Care of Magical Creatures was by no means his best subject, but so many bits of creatures were used in potions he could focus his essay around that and still get an O. It's what he did last time. Apparently the board liked it when a student applied their learning across subjects. Slughorn tried to get him alone to chat about his spells before lunch. He claimed 'studying' again and evaded the man. McKinnon and Macdonald chatted amicably with him during their study session in a mostly non-annoying manner. Lily was still his best friend and she studied with him as usual. She was always the highlight of his day… Black was avoiding him, which was what he wanted anyway. Wormtail was just as scarce, if not more so. The live creatures in the practical were just gross in general. The bowtruckle liked him for some reason. He would have rather spent more time with Lily but he had a mission before dinner. He managed to catch Avery alone with twenty minutes to spare. "Our charming roommate isn't around I hope?" Severus asked. The boy flinched. He nervously looked around and seemed on the verge of panic when he realized they were in the corridor alone. "I just want to talk, Avery." "My tooth still hurts, Snape." "Madam Pomfrey has a potion for that." "I'm not going to her, 'cause she'll ask what happened." "Mulciber not willing to nick one for you?" "Mulciber is more concerned with his own inconveniences." "I'll brew you one then, but you'll have to help me get the ingredients from Slughorn." Avery hesitated. "I don't think I trust you enough to make me a potion." "Then don't complain about it." He frowned at that. "What is it then?" Severus grinned. "I was wondering if you were still interested in helping me with my revenge on Mulciber?" "...Are you going to punch me again?" "Not unless you say that word again." "Are you cross about me ambushing Evans?" "I'd say we are even after the itching powder." "...Mulciber set the traps last night, not me." "I know, he's...excessive. And I know you didn't bother with trying to stop him." "Yeah." Avery scratched his neck. "Okay, I want in what's the plan?" "Not here...And I have detention after dinner so we will probably have to talk about it tomorrow." "Alright."
