Disclaimer: The definition of fanfiction is that it is AU in some fashion from the primary established timeline and probably being written by someone who isn't the owner of the original timeline. I do not own the Harry Potter universe. I just happen to like playing in it! This will be the only chapter to hold the disclaimer unless we wind up with cameos later on. Enjoy my madness! *+ovo+* Hatchlings *+ovo+* Voldemort eyed the students wandering Hogsmeade during the first Hogsmeade weekend trip of the year thoughtfully. He was currently wandering around with slightly patrician features, honey blond hair that edged more towards a brown gold, and hazel eyes. His green robes were embroidered with silver but of an open style he didn't typically favor. Underneath he wore black slacks and a dove grey shirt. The only thing that might give him away to those who knew him or had faced him was his wand, which was currently in its holster up his left sleeve. The Dark Lord had an entire raid of people either hidden in the nearby forest or wandering around under disillusionment and invisibility spells. The goal for this raid was to tweak Dumbledore, possibly capture the available students, and hopefully grab Potter. Presuming they got a decent number of students he had plans to force an open discussion with the Wizengamot and Dumbledore. Potter would need to be present too if he was right in his guess. "Remember, capture but do as little harm to the children as possible and try not to kill anyone," Voldemort murmured into the pin on his collar. His mind was clear for once and he wanted things to go smoothly. They struck. The students were being herded into an empty lot before they realized what had happened, their wands quickly stripped from them and the supervising teachers openly at wand point. Severus Snape scowled fiercely. He had been given no warning of this raid before hand and had no idea what today's objective was. Minerva McGonagall berated a few of the raiders she recognized as former students until her colleague managed to get her to be quiet. No warning had made it out to the school and it would take little for the raiders to whisk the entire group of captives away. "Ity bitty baby Potter!" Bellatrix cried in open glee. "Oh god," Severus whispered as he bolted, putting himself between Bellatrix's spell and Potter without thought. He got hit with the Cruciartus Curse for his pains. "Bella!" the Dark Lord snapped, stopping the curse and drawing her up short, as he approached the area of the captives. He had seen the entire thing and didn't like what it implied. "Don't," Harry warned those around him as he checked on Snape. "Its Voldemort." "And how would you know that?" the Dark Lord asked sharply as he allowed the pretty boy glamor to fade away, confirming Potter's assessment. "You always make my scar burn when you get close," Harry explained carefully. It wasn't like it was a secret or anything. "Stupid boy," Snape hissed as he weakly forced himself into a sitting position. He had collapsed under the effects of the pain curse and knew he had to get back to his feet if he didn't want to die. His cover was already blown but he might be able to salvage something out of this mess even if it cost him his life. "Tell me Severus, as much as I disapprove of Bella's attempt to curse Potter, why did you jump in front of him? Hmm? Why did you protect him?" Voldemort asked ominously. His ruby eye gleamed in interest rather than malice. Severus just looked away, refusing to answer. The sudden grip in his hair as his head was wrenched around to look at his sworn lord told him for certain that he was found out. There was going to be no denying that had deliberately protected the teen who was supposed to be his lord's downfall. "You now have some very difficult questions to answer my slippery snake," Voldemort hissed. A wordless spell had Snape's wrists bound tightly against each other behind his back even as he continued hanging from the Dark Lord's grip in his hair. "Don't!" Harry said. He suddenly felt desperate to protect the potions master and he wasn't sure why. "And why should I listen to you Potter?" Voldemort asked with interest, choosing to continue looking over his captive rather than the young man quickly becoming a dangerous opponent as he grew. "I... don't know," Harry admitted uncertainly. "I'll trade... something." "~And what would you have to trade?~" Voldemort hissed in parseltongue, not expecting any answer due to a lack of understanding of the language. After all, he was the only Parselmouth that he was aware of. "~Cooperation? At least for now?~" Harry offered back in the same language. "You are a parselmouth?" Voldemort asked slowly, speaking once more in english as he turned his head to look at his young prophesied foe. His grip in Severus' hair tightened, causing the helpless potions master to wince. "Dumbledore said you gave it to me," Harry answered warily. "I'm not sure how you gave me a piece of yourself but Dumbledore seems to think its to do with the scar you gave me the night my parents died. Why did you come after us any way?" "Harry?" the bushy haired girl at his side, Hermione Granger, asked carefully. "I don't think I'll get a calmer or safer time to ask," Harry answered her with a shrug. "Its not like Dumbledore really answers my questions and he's been avoiding me this year. I just want some clear answers and its not like we can do much just now." "An answer for an answer then?" Voldemort offered after a moment of thought. A piece of himself? How would that even work? Unless... best to check but not now. If necessary he could always have someone else get close to the teen and cast the various special diagnostic spells or do so during the more regular near yearly confrontations. The current situation was too delicate, too risky on the off chance someone else realized what casting those spells might mean. It might reveal the existence of his Horcruxes. No, the risk was too great as yet. "Plans for either side of the war, barring this particular situation, should be off-limits," Hermione insisted quickly. "Same with anything that you can use against us." "Interesting but no. I want to know how true certain rumors are and your offer wont help me any. You are in the lesser position but as your audacity amuses me for the moment there will be no punishment," Voldemort smirked. Harry had known he wouldn't go for it but Hermione hadn't given him the chance to stop her. "If you let everyone else go I will come with you willingly and refrain from any escape attempts for at least a month. Additionally, if you agree not to kill or torture me while in your care I will submit to two sessions where I will answer anything you want under Veritaserum. You can always go back to trying to kill me after I'm rescued, escape, or you let me go," Harry offered quickly. He couldn't see any downsides beyond his own humiliation. It wasn't like he would actively resist being rescued and the lack of torture or death would give him a chance to just rest from everything. He didn't know why the Dark Lord had broken his cover so soon but he was going to take advantage of what he could in this situation. "You offer me much," Voldemort commented thoughtfully, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. "~I will be able to claim the Veritaserum sessions at any time even after you happen to no longer be my protected captive. A fact that you will speak of to no one.~" "~You can not use those sessions to capture me without my agreement and permission, barring weird circumstances. I get safe passage afterwards to any location I please and a further 24 hours of immunity from your people coming after me,~" Harry insisted in the same language. "~Self defense, if I'm doing something stupid like attacking them or their homes and families, is exempt but I would prefer they try to capture me rather than kill me even if it means handing me straight back to you with no protections on my end.~" "A Slytherin hiding in the lion's den!" Voldemort laughed uproariously. Snape's eyes widened in shock as he looked askance at his green-eyed stubborn charge. "The Loyalty of a Hufflepuff, the Courage of a Gryffindor, the Cunning of a Slytherin... do you also have the Wit of a Ravenclaw?" "The hat said I did. Its part of why he had so much trouble placing me," Harry admitted warily. "Oh? And I suppose the hat thought that your courage was your strongest attribute?" Voldemort smirked, finally releasing Snape's hair after shoving the man to his knees at the Dark Lord's feet. Harry didn't answer. He knew that to preserve his Gryffindor reputation he should say something snarky back but his inner Slytherin warned him to stay quiet. It was usually his inner Slytherin that kept him alive so he obeyed, hoping that this once it wasn't a mistake. Voldemort's eyes narrowed in though at the lack of an answer. "~That wasn't a rhetorical question,~" Voldemort warned in parsel. "~No, the hat wanted me in Slytherin but I had met Draco Malfoy and wasn't fond of the risk of him setting me on fire as I slept. I begged to go anywhere else,~" Harry quietly hissed his answer. "~I didn't know I was a wizard until after I turned eleven and I honestly can't get my hands on answers to my questions. I don't care about the fame or the war. I simply wasn't given a choice in fighting it. Between the light side forcing me to fight and your side attacking me it looks very much like nobody cares enough to even ask.~" "~And where do you wish to stand?~" a hiss of parseltongue came from the kneeling potions master, drawing their immediate attention. "~I don't know enough to pick anything but it would be really nice to not have to worry about anything except school work for a year. No Dark Lords, no giant snakes, no evil ministry trying to get me executed for reporting truth, no guilt trips from any of the light side, no being forced to write in my own blood... Just school and maybe a Quidditch game or two,~" Harry hissed back quietly before swapping back to english. "Is that so much to ask? Three meals a day, a safe bed, and a chance to actually do my school work without fighting for my life or having to discover some deadly plot before it comes after me or the other students. No one hounding me for being famous or not even asking what I might like when picking things on my behalf. Just school. Being just Harry. Eventually a family, maybe?" "Show me," Voldemort ordered, instinctively knowing that whoever had made Harry write in his own blood had left marks. Harry hesitated but finally extended his blood quill scarred hand for the Dark Lord to examine. As soon as he touched the teen he knew that there were glamours hiding something over the majority of his body. He could also tell that the glamor attempts to hide the marks made by the blood quill had failed every single time. Looking down at the battered, wounded hand he knew that his enemy had had been tortured and felt his possessiveness flare. Potter was his. No one was to touch him with harm in mind but the Dark Lord himself! "You have your agreement with a few changes. One, I will not be releasing anyone until certain negotiations have taken place. Two, I will be in charge of any and all medical decisions for you until you reach twenty unless I assign them to someone else. As a concession on the medical proxy Severus or Lucius may act as my stand in so that the school isn't terrified every time you get hurt because it might mean that I will show up. Additionally Dumbledore and his sworn people are to have as little say in your life as possible, which includes medical decisions. Three, you will abide by any agreement made within the negotiations barring something which would cause you harm. To that end if something is agreed upon that will, in fact, cause you harm you are to immediately report it and explain why. This," Voldemort said, tapping the injured hand with one forefinger. "Is unacceptable. Even if we continue attempting to kill each other my attempts are generally very purposefully at the end of the school year or on Halloween for very important reasons. No one but I should be causing you any harm. Unless you are in an active magic feud with another family?" "Not that I know of," Harry shook his head no. "My fights with Draco are school stuff even when he tries to make it bigger and he almost always starts it. I wouldn't even know how to start or end a magical feud and as far as I know both sides have to say its a feud before its an actual feud. I don't really know anything about my family either so any feuds they started don't mean anything to me." "What?" Snape whispered in shock. "How much do you know about the Wizarding World?" Voldemort demanded harshly, dragging Harry closer by using the captured, wounded hand as a tether. "Nothing we don't learn in class," Harry stammered. "No one bothered to teach me. They just assume I know stuff but Hermione and Dean both know more than I do and they were raised muggle too." Voldemort hissed in fury and Harry winced, clutching at his scar with his free hand. "If what you say is true..." Snape trailed off into horrified silence. Voldemort used his free hand to drag the Professor to his feet by his robes. He let go of Harry who backed a bit away as he eyed both of them warily, unsure as to what would happen next. "You will give me an oath, in Parseltongue, that until this is sorted out Potter will be your priority and primary charge," Voldemort ordered flatly. "Depending upon how deep your betrayal went and how well you discharge this oath will affect your punishment. Do not think to actually escape as I will have answers from both of you. Have I made myself clear?" "Yes, my lord," Severus agreed quickly. Harry looked at the Dark Lord oddly but gave his own agreement. "My lord? Madam Bones has arrived," a lower level Death Eater informed them quickly. Bellatrix was scowling at the back of the masked man's head but it was clear she wasn't going to interfere in official business. "The oath," Voldemort ordered, ignoring the messenger for the moment. "~I, Severus Tobias Snape, vow to protect Harry James Potter as my primary charge and priority to the best of my ability until such time as the...~" Snape started only to be interrupted. "Until such time as his status is clear and he is no longer in need of protection or both I and your charge release you from your oath," Voldemort corrected in English with a flat tone of voice. He wanted to eventually be able to assign Severus to other duties after all, once his loyalty had been reaffirmed by action or spell work. "~Until such time as his status is clear and he is no longer in need of protection or both Harry James Potter and the one known as the Dark Lord Voldemort release me from my oath,~" Severus hissed, correcting his wording promptly. He was still tied up after all and this neatly added on to the already existing unbreakable vow to protect Harry. Everyone felt the magic surge as the binding briefly manifested as a blue ribbon of power merging with an existing gold ribbon of power that flashed into existence between the three wizards. "And what unbreakable vow are you under in concern with Potter?" the Dark Lord asked ominously. "Wait, don't bother. The way they merged it must also be a vow of protection in some form. I will want a copy of the exact wording at some point. For now you will stand guard over Potter and neither of you will be released with the others. The rest can be sorted out later." "Too many bloody questions that need answering," Severus muttered as he was freed and his wand returned to him. Harry eyed his surly Professor a bit warily but didn't object to the man standing at his back, recognizing the futility of fighting any of this. "I will inform Madam Bones and the Headmaster, vouching as witness to the oath," Minerva McGonagall offered carefully. "By all means Minerva, by all means," Voldemort agreed. He was just glad that his old schoolmate was taking this all so well. He wasn't quite sure she knew who he was from their joint past but the fact that she wasn't going all out to fight the situation helped greatly in keeping things calm. "Shall I lead you to the meeting area my lord?" the messenger asked quietly. "Yes, come Bella," Voldemort ordered, following the messenger without waiting. Bellatrix, who had been quietly waiting off to one side, sneered at them all before following after the Dark Lord. "What happens now?" a third year Hufflepuff asked fearfully. "We wait," Snape answered shortly. *+ovo+* Voldemort walked away from their captives, pondering what he had learned. The newly discovered Parsel ability in the other two wizards made them more valuable to him than they could ever realize. Before anything could be done with the pair he had to know the particulars of their situation. It was also clear to him that he had to keep Bellatrix away from the pair or he may just find them "accidentally" dead one day. Also, if his outlandish fears were correct and the "piece of himself" was in fact a piece of his very soul... A quiet order not to harm the captives was passed around as he approached the group of Aurors led by Madam Bones at the perimeter of the area of their control. "Ah, Madam Bones! How good of you to join us," Voldemort said charmingly. He had wanted to do all of this under that pretty boy glamour but Potter outing him could also be worked to his advantage. His current bald, nose less, red-eyed appearance would need to be enough. Although, if he could regain enough trust with Severus that might change. "Who might you be?" Madam Amelia Bones asked levelly. Her jaw and hand tightening as her nose flared in anger. Deciding to take everything up a notch Voldemort smiled evilly and gave her a brief bow as he introduced himself. "Lord Voldemort, at your service." The way the entire group of negotiating Aurors paled was quite gratifying, causing the Dark Lord to mentally chuckle. "I happen to have acquired a good number of students and a few staff members. Of those captured I am willing to return all but two as things stand now, including your niece," Voldemort expounded. "Potter offered a deal, you see, witnessed by the Deputy Headmistress. He is mine for the next month, without resistance, at minimum even if he did take torture and death off the table. Its quite possible that more than one person now owes him a life debt for his generous negotiation." "You bastard," one Auror whispered angrily. "What exactly do you want?" Madam Bones asked carefully. Getting the children back was the most important goal right now, especially with Fudge still burying his head in the sand. "Safe passage for us out of Hogsmeade, a meeting to discuss grievances under a Truce Ward or a Peace Ward with the Wizengamot and a representative of Gringotts, Dumbledore out of Hogwarts and away from the children in any form..." Voldemort offered quickly. "There are a few others but Potter's actions today tell me that I may not need to resort to drastic action. That there is a chance for peace, if only a small one." "And if Mr. Potter hadn't offered a deal?" Madam Bones asked with a sinking sense of dread. "Then we would have seen if loosing a portion of the children would make the Wizarding World wake up enough to see at least some danger as an actual threat with the hope of seeing the real danger and handling it correctly," Voldemort answered. His voice echoing with soft menace. "If our world can not respond appropriately to a threat of this size I will have to re-work everything in my plans to save even a small portion of our people from what is coming." "And what," Shacklebolt asked abruptly. "Is coming?" "I would say ask your precious Headmaster but it is clear he wont answer honestly," Voldemort practically spat at the man. "The fall of the Statute and war with the Muggles. If you can prove that the muggleborns are not of tainted blood, say if they happen to be of lost Squib lines, or give me a solid reason to accept them then I will make it clear they are to be accepted. If, however, you can not prove that they are human without a risk to magic its self and thus our people then I can only assume they are the first wave of attack against us, attempting to corrupt our children. Halfbloods at least have enough magic to consistently overpower the taint." "Why do you steal children?" Madam Bones asked carefully. It was always in the reports of the raids, hidden as things transfigured into the child's corpse but there. The children didn't usually die unless Dumbledore's vigilante group got involved even if the rest of their families died during the raid. "Noticed that did you?" Voldemort asked with sudden amusement. "Blood adoption of the highest order allows us to save many of the children... but not all. It is especially effective on those who have been abused, thus they are our first priority when retrieving any children. The lack of our customs and celebrations being taught loses more children than anything else. You have no idea how many are killed or maimed for lack of knowledge and respect to the magic they wield. Dumbledore's insistence that the muggles will accept us will instead get us all killed down to the last babe." "May I quote you on that?" Rita Skeeter asked eagerly. She was quickly scribbling down the conversation and no one was quite sure when she had arrived or how. "If you are doing so verbatim," Voldemort said cautiously. "No exaggeration or swapping around words. No attempts to make the story more interesting in any fashion. Please me with the truthfulness of your article and I might invite you to interview Mr. Potter while he is in my care with a promise of safe passage." "May I ask? Why do you see war with the muggles as a danger? Aren't they just muggles?" Rita asked rabidly. She was practically salivating at this interview opportunity. "Tell me, would you wish to fight someone with the ability to wipe out all of London with a single explosion? Or the touch of a button?" Voldemort asked flatly. "Wha? But they are just muggles!" Rita responded in surprise. A surprise that was mirrored by many of the people around them and occasionally mixed with heavy skepticism. "And that view is part of the problem," Voldemort shot back. "The muggles have already gotten and used weapons that have wiped out entire cities. Or did it not ever occur to you to look up what essentially wiped out all of Japan's Magical Ministry in the 40's? The war with Grindelwald might have been present but it was only half of the war that was happening. The muggles fought their side against Hitler and we fought ours against Grindelwald but it was all the same war. They were acting in concert. When Grindelwald's forces couldn't reach Japan just yet to force them into submission some overly clever idiot set the Japanese Ministry as one of the targets for the American's devastating new bombs. There weren't even bodies to bury after that." The sudden shock that engulfed the area told Madam Bones, through her own numb shock, that even the people of the dark faction hadn't been privy to that information yet. You could have heard a pin drop in the street at that moment. "If our world can not handle the relatively small mess that I am making then I need to come up with something else to save our people. Even with nearly 15 years to rest and to prepare from my first attempt you have all fallen short. With Potter actually willing to talk to me, despite our past, we may yet still have some hope," Voldemort's words echoed strongly in the silence. "As things stand now... I might as well kill all of the children to spare them from the disaster that is coming." "You wouldn't!" Someone protested in horrified shock. "It is my hope that I wont have to... if Potter is able to see reason we may yet be able to avert disaster..." Voldemort responded to the horrified voice blandly. "Are you going to return the children?" Madam Bones asked shakily. "If you are concerned for their safety... Potter already bought that," Voldemort reassured her with grim amusement. "If you doubt my words walk into any muggle book store and look at their history section. Specifically, look at the history of warfare or a book on World War 2, what we term the war with Grindelwald. Take that book and compare the battles and actions in the muggle side of the war with the ones on our side as Europe fought against Grindelwald. For myself, look at the London Bombings also known as the London Blitz. Look at what the muggles did during that time and explain to me why more than 30 of my classmates never returned to Hogwarts after the holidays. Explain to me why I was sent back into a war zone with the use of magic forbidden on pain of my magic being bound and dropping me right back into that very same war zone. Because I am a Slytherin? Because I can speak to serpents? Because I defended myself as a child with controlled bursts of accidental magic before Hogwarts when my life was threatened at the orphanage? No, if our world can not handle my raids then the next best thing is to take those who will listen to me and disappear with every single magical child I can get my hands on in the hope of at least saving them." "And Potter?" Skeeter stuttered, clearly in shock as her quill dutifully recorded every word. "Potter? Who do you think leads the children? Our next generation?" Voldemort snorted. "If I am to save any of us than Potter either needs to co-operate or be removed irregardless of the Prophecy that sent me after his family. A prophecy, I might add, that has been proven to be false as certified by the goblins. I will enter into a binding marriage peace agreement with Potter if that is what it takes to preserve our people. I draw the line at marrying Dumbledore." "Of the demands what are non-negotiable?" Madam Bones asked, taking a deep breath to calm herself. This was not the psychotic madman of the last war. Whatever had happened it was clear to her that the man was fully sane and might have reasonable concerns. That wasn't to say she wasn't going to check his claims but if he was right... dear god she hoped he wasn't right. "Dumbledore out of Hogwarts and away from our people's children," Voldemort said instantly. "A meeting with the whole Wizengamot, the goblins, and any other sentient being ruler or council willing to listen under a Peace Ward or a Truce Ward. This needs to be done jointly if at all possible. Safe passage both from here as well as to and from the Wizengamot meeting." "Potter and whoever else you are keeping from this mess attends that meeting after getting checked over by Gringotts healers to certify lack of harm under your care. If they fail the health check not only will it speak against you but you don't get them back," Madam Bones countered. She figured if he was on the level then they would be fine but if he wasn't they would only have to wait a short time under his care before she got them free. She also swore to herself that once Potter and the other person were free from the Dark Lord she was tagging them with trackers and giving them an Auror detail. "That... may not be feasible. I don't object to the health check but Severus was one of mine originally and has possibly proven himself to be a traitor unless he had a damnable good reason for his actions. I will need to punish him depending upon the severity of his actions," Voldemort explained cautiously. "Potter can't be vouched for yet on the grounds that we are actively in a magical family feud. Until that feud is resolved in some fashion the family magic wont let me make an oath to that effect. A Gringotts certified check in and health check might work, as long as you understand there are possibly extenuating circumstances and that I will do my best under those restrictions." "Done," Madam Bones agreed. She hoped that she had just sacrificed her career for a chance at peace but she would settle for saving the children and her niece if that was what it took. Less than 20 minutes later the raid group left peaceably, escorting Harry Potter and Severus Snape away as prisoners. Voldemort looked over the captive pair with ruby eyes glowing in satisfaction. Not only did he have the promise of a meeting to present his case he had also acquired two parselmouths while neutralizing two enemies. If he was lucky Potter and Snape would be turned fully to his side before long. Not only that the pair couldn't try to leave for at least a month. A month he would put to good use. With a spattering crack of a group apparating away they were gone, leaving behind a shocked audience fearing the return of the Dark Lord and what it might mean.
Voldemort smirked as they all arrived at the meeting place safely. The apparation after leaving had been purposefully set up as a multi-stop trip with short walks in between to keep anyone from following them. Their final destination had been Riddle Manor from the start. While the manor wasn't really habitable any more it was still a good staging point and meeting spot. If the Dark Lord bothered to put any effort into it the estate would be habitable in a short time, thanks to the muggle caretaker that he had killed late last summer while still inhabiting the golem. Snape, knowing how the Dark Lord typically worked, hustled himself and Harry forward to stand in front of the man that was his sworn lord. He didn't want them dragged forwards and thrown at the man's feet after all. Harry, on the other hand, was trying to look stoic but he was also clearly wary as to what was going to happen to him. Severus really couldn't blame him. "Relax," Voldemort smirked at the pair of them. "I agreed to your conditions and you have no need to fear my wand while you are both my captives beyond basic containment. As Severus is now bound as your guard those conditions also extend to him and it would be... counter productive to allow otherwise." "So, what happens now?" Harry asked cautiously. "Now, Narcissa Malfoy gets to check you both over as a healer," Voldemort smirked. Severus' groan just made his smirk grow wider. It was common knowledge among the dark faction that she was a certified healer and that she frequently went after Severus over his lack of self care. Placing the pair in her hands, after a quick Gringotts certified health check, would ensure they both stayed basically healthy. Any medical complications would be dealt with swiftly and firmly under Narcissa's care. "She's a terror," Severus groused. "Almost as bad as Pomphrey on a tare." "If you would simply eat regularly she would be less likely to hound you," Voldemort countered smugly. "You are evil," Severus shot back, clearly pouting at this point. Neither of them had forgotten about his precarious position but the deal Harry had made combined with the oath given had provided Severus a safety margin. A safety margin that the potions master planed to take full advantage of to keep his charge alive and sane. "~I am tempted to simply make you blood adopt him and have you take a permanent gender swapping potion... Should I consider something worse?~" Voldemort hissed evilly. The Cruciartus, after all, was more of a short term severe punishment. It acted like a properly deserved smack to the bottom of a disobedient child, depending on the power and control levels used, but it also kept some of the more... extreme Death Eaters under control. Lesser punishments were usually along the lines of less trust, an unpleasant task, or the surrendering of a family heirloom. For Inner Circle members punishment was performed privately out of respect so that those in the lower ranks didn't see it as an under cut to their authority in the ranks. "No! No, thank you," Severus answered nervously. He didn't know what could be worse than the current proposal but judging by the creativity of this one he really didn't want to find out. Even if he did wind up blood adopting Harry and being turned female it still beat out actual torture to insanity and beyond or something like it that was normal for traitors. Hopefully his "good behavior" would get him a less traumatizing punishment... hopefully. "You had best resign yourselves to staying with me for the rest of your natural lives, longer if I can manage it," Voldemort told them bluntly. Teasing Severus was fun, whether or not he had been serious about his threat (he was), but there was a time and a place for it. "Why?" Harry asked warily. "Parselmouths are rare," was the only answer Voldemort gave before turning and officially dismissing the others in the raiding party. Harry and Severus found themselves being magically tugged along on an invisible leash as he lead them into the decrepit manor. "~Tom?~" Nagini hissed in open interest as she slithered out of what might have once been the dining room to greet her wizard. "~Nagini!~" Voldemort greeted his familiar with great affection. "~Why have your brought these ones?~" Nagini asked suspiciously. She could sense the leash spell just fine and wanted to know if the pair were to be pets or food for her. It didn't happen often but it wasn't unheard of for her Tom to gift her a human as a meal. "~They are speakers. I have secured them for now but they have yet to learn that they will not be leaving my nest without permission. I thought you would like the chance to look them over and meet them, especially as the young one is Harry Potter,~" Voldemort explained with an evil chuckle. "~You are not going to let me eat the Potter now that you know he is a speaker?~" Nagini questioned with careful suspicion. "~Hardly, he must be taught proper speaker things and Severus must be punished for hiding things from me such as his speaking,~" Voldemort explained with a smirk tossed towards the pair. "~They are mine to protect now.~" "~Good,~" Nagini said emphatically. "~The young one smells of venom from the King Snake and eye water of the flaming bird. He will grow strong and help defend the nest once taught properly. For now I will accept them as speaker hatchlings in our nest. You have established dominance with the older one?~" "~I have,~" Voldemort agreed. Venom of the King Snake? Eye water of the Flaming Bird? "~I will need to do so again in the future but for now they will both listen to me.~" "~Than return us to the temporary nest in the blond one's territory,~" Nagini ordered regally. "~There I will check the newest additions to our nest and you, my first speaker hatchling, will rest. I will not have you exhausting yourself again especially as I now know why you hurt as the King Snake's Venom and the Firebird's tears wander your blood. You are not done healing and having the youngest hatchling nearby will aid in your return to strength!~" Voldemort whipped around to stare at Harry in shock as he finally mentally translated King Snake as Basilisk and Firebird as Phoenix with Severus Snape not far behind. Harry just looked at them both somewhat sheepishly, having realized that the magical serpent familiar was referring to the mess he had faced in the Chamber of Secrets. He supposed that the venom and tears must have merged with his blood and it showed up in his scent. "You will be explaining that," Snape said severely as Nagini made her way up Voldemort's body to rest wrapped around the wizard's torso and laid her head on his shoulder. "Honestly? It will be slightly easier with a pensive or if you both would like to look at my memories directly without trying to rip into my mind this time if you please," Harry said pointedly with a grimace. "It... will take awhile no matter what method we use to catch you both up on things as I'm sure you will both insist on going over everything and not just the Chamber mess. Although, that one will take awhile just on its own... most of them will." "Potter, you are a menace!" Severus declared, giving the impression of wanting to throw up his hands in the air in exasperation. "You may be exempt from torture and death at my hands for the moment but that does not stop me from punishing you if I decide you disobeyed or crossed a line," Voldemort warned them both flatly. "I have claimed the right to monitor your health and thus how much you risk your life is now very much my concern. How often did you nearly die since returning to the Wizarding World?" "Er, I'd really rather not answer that," Harry admitted nervously. He honestly thought that these two would celebrate any time he nearly died, like the Dursleys. The fact that they were angry over the thought even without proof or the full story as to his previous near death experiences hadn't even crossed his mind as a possibility. Harry was now mentally cursing whoever had been supposed to make sure he was well schooled in everything wizarding. He deeply suspected by this point in his day that his complete ignorance was very intentional on someone's part. He would have to try and fix this if didn't want to find himself dead. A fact that these two older wizards were making very clear they were upset over. Maybe he could talk them into helping or at least allowing him to learn? "A complete review of all your schooling, including manners, basic culture, and history of our people. We can cover family obligations, contracts, and finances later," Voldemort declared, obviously displeased at what he was learning today about his young nemesis. "I only agreed to be your willing captive for a month and control over health stuff!" Harry protested quickly. "The negotiation stuff hasn't happened yet!" "And anything affecting your health, such as misreading a magical contract which could kill you, any insult you might make to someone which could spark a very legal deadly duel doesn't count? Not to mention seeing that you have the money to care for yourself or if I will need to supply such care in some fashion?" Voldemort demanded archly as he ushered them back out of the old house. "There is a great deal that can affect your health!" "I! You!... Arg!" Harry spluttered. He was so focused on the discussion he barely realized what was happening until the Dark Lord ruthlessly grabbed both of his captives by the upper arm and apparated away with them, without warning. They arrived at their new location, a hall practically covered in white and grey patterned marble that was lined with rich tapestries, with a sharp snap of magic. Harry and Severus were fighting not to get sick from the purposefully ungentle side-along apparation as they hung almost limply in his grip. Nagini hissed with displeasure and slid down off of her wizard to move along under her own power as they traveled the marble clad halls. She knew what her first hatchling speaker was doing to the pair, ruthlessly establishing his dominance. She approved, after a fashion, but she did not appreciate getting caught in the backlash even a little bit. "You would do best to get used to my manhandling," Voldemort smirked evilly as he dragged the sick feeling pair through the halls of Malfoy Manor. "No one but those I authorize will ever touch either of you again from this day forwards. I take care of my things and you both now qualify. Expect Lady Malfoy later today or tomorrow with a Gringotts healer to help her and certify everything for your health checks." "Bastard!" Harry groused, still trying not to be sick. Voldemort just chuckled evilly. As far as he was concerned the pair were his. He would be officially adding them to his family later in the month as wards of the family. As much as he had been serious about accepting a war ending marriage truce to the brash young wizard he wasn't particularly considering marrying either of his fellow parselmouths. Perhaps Severus if the feelings blossomed? Either way Harry was very firmly going in the adoptive son category if they got that far. For the moment he would be manhandling them and insisting on platonic cuddling as well as platonic sleeping arrangements in the same bed. He did not trust the pair out of his sight. Both were powerful and had previously escaped his ire. He could not afford to lose them now that he knew they were parselmouths. As the head of the family he would also eventually see them married with children. The Dark Lord no longer had that luxury. He could no longer sire children and carry on the Slytherin line. A fact that Severus might be able to change with his more complex healing potions or a blood adoption potion but it was not something that could be looked into as of yet. Voldemort's own health had to finish stabilizing along with his magic. He wasn't yet done healing from his rebirth and would have to satisfy his need for family with his two captives and any other future family members. Harry and Severus were placed on an oversized bed in a bedroom they only belatedly realized belonged to the Dark Lord as Nagini settled down surrounding them on the bed. Plucking the ebony wand from the grasp of its snarky owner said Dark Lord slipped it into his robe pocket next to a familiar holly and phoenix feather wand. Several parsel wards and monitoring enchantment assured the safety and security of his two captives. The last thing the pair heard was his casting of a sleeping spell, sending them into the depths of dreams. "~Guard them well, mother,~" Voldemort said softly, indulging in acknowledging his familiar's true role in the quiet of their rooms. "~No more magic for you today, hatchling,~" Nagini hissed in open displeasure, using her tail to point at him sternly. ~I can't. I need to summon the goblin healer to check them for past harms and have them help Narcissa heal them,~" Voldemort said regretfully. "~I must also deal with Bellatrix... the one you call the crazy black female. Severus is still shaking from what she did to him when trying to hit Harry earlier.~" Indeed the slight shaking that was the Cruciartus after effects were yet still making the snarky wizard shiver uncontrollably in his sleep. Nagini hissed her displeasure but didn't object again. Voldemort just knew that when he finally came to bed that night she would make him sleep in the next morning or even take a full day to rest. Sighing he headed for his desk in the next room of the suite. He had plans to revise and a punishment for Bellatrix to work out that would keep her away from his two prizes. Not to mention health checks to arrange for those two prize wizards sleeping on his bed. Still, things were looking up. *+ovo+* A/n: Ideas are welcome people. I have an idea where to go next but I also plan for lots of platonic cuddling and for Voldy to like manhandling and touching them a lot, just because. This is not going to be a deeply thought out fic at least at first. It might change as things develop so I'm leaving it in the General Fic section for now. For anyone who follows me over on AO3 - I'm on suspension until Oct. 21st 2019 A.D. because they decided something based on the Bible and the Left Behind series around the Rapture that I never expanded on didn't qualify as fiction. This action prompted me to flatly place the version of that on this site in public domain. So, yes, I am getting your comments I just can't respond to them or do anything except read. Literally nothing to do with posting or editing is open to me. I am not ignoring you. As for the comment on my things getting stolen and posted to non-english sites... I can't do a bloody thing about it as I am strictly english speaking. As long as they cite me as the originator on those sites I wont argue about it. Frankly? I never worried about things getting stolen all that much because I don't think my stories are good enough to be stolen in the first place. Officially? I, personally, only post here on FFN, AO3, or on TtH.
Nagini glared at the sleeping form of her first Speaker. He had pushed himself too far after securing the two new Speakers. At least he had listened when she finally ordered him to bed around midnight, threatening to trap him in bed for a full week if he didn't listen. The way he had stumbled into bed and curled up against the other Speakers was cute but spoke heavily of his exhaustion. Nagini didn't like it. She could scent the pain from her new charges and the weariness from her first one. The three of them were staying in bed today! The quiet pop of a Brownie, more commonly called House Elves, distracted the serpent from her brooding. Sliding out of bed and into the main room she hissed in inquiry at the creature. The elf squeaked and then slowly brought out the little picture book they had come up with for her to communicate things other than warning or "I will eat you" to them. Not a single wizard was aware of its existence and Nagini planned to keep it that way. Using her tail on the unshrunken book that was placed on the floor in front of her Nagini flipped through the pictures and charts of related pictures. The first thing she pointed at was a wizard before jabbing at it 3 times then at a plate of food and repeating the triple jab. Next she pointed at the image for a bed then a cage then an ice pack, the agreed upon sequence that meant that her wizard was on enforced bed rest for the moment. The second and third repetition slightly confused the elf until Nagini made him look at her Speakers still sleeping in bed. The elf brightened in understanding and nodded vigorous, silent, agreement. There would be three breakfasts in bed and the trio was on bed rest. Nagini hissed in quiet thought as she skimmed through the familiar book. Just keeping the trio on elf enforced bed rest wasn't going to be enough. Making a decision the serpent indicated a goblin image and then a healer image before tapping on a question mark to indicate request rather than vital need. She would much prefer the blond female healer who's nest they were staying in but she also knew that her first speaker could and would bully her into letting him do some work instead of properly resting. The goblin healers tended to be more sturdy in the face of his upset. Besides, her Tom wasn't the only one who needed checking. Closing the picture book with her tail the mothering serpent sent the elf on its way to follow her directions before returning to the bed to rejoin her charges. The day was going to be interesting after all and watching them sleepily cuddle was cute.
A/n: So new chapter, hopefully I got the balance right... Enjoy! *+ovo+* Voldemort slowly drifted up to wakefulness. He was warm and cuddled against two solid forms that somehow made him feel safe. It was the safety and distant soft hissing that brought him fully, yet gently, awake. "~Good morning my Hatchling,~" Nagini hissed in amusement at the still sleepy Dark Lord. "~Morning, Nagi,~" Voldemort hissed back as he shuffled himself out of the warm covers and into the bathroom for a hot shower. Not even Nagini denied him his morning hot shower unless he was physically too injured to have one. It was his morning indulgence and gave him a chance to safely wake up without hexing everything in sight. The movement of the Dark Lord getting out of bed woke the other two, the sleeping spell having worn off after he had joined them in bed the previous night. This resulted in a quiet scuffle after the bathroom door shut as Severus instinctively moved to pin Harry under him. Harry, not yet awake, fought back quietly but viciously and had to be quietly calmed by the older man after being pinned as he finished waking up. Severus, on the other hand, had woken up far more quickly than his companions as he rolled to pin his charge in an attempt to keep him from setting off their host who was definitely not a morning person. "You will let me protect you while we are here," Severus said sternly yet softly into Harry's ear. "I refuse to see you dead." The sudden pressure on their legs had them both freeze before Harry could respond. With dread they both looked towards what was sitting on their lower limbs. "~If you think I or Tom will let you go, think again,~" Nagini hissed with soft menace. She was very firmly coiled over and around their legs, trapping them in place. The technique had been developed to make her first Speaker listen when he was being particularly stubborn. "~You are forever more a part of our nest. Eventually, we will seek mates for you both but until you learn you are a part of our nest we will treat you like unruly hatchlings not yet ready to explore. Nestmates rest together until mating and leaving with their mate to a new nest. You are lucky we are a magical nest or you might have been devoured as a threat to the nest instead of adopted.~" The last bit caused the pair to swallow hard and nod slowly in reluctant acceptance. "~Stay in the bed-nest,~ " Nagini ordered before moving off of them to curl up in a nearby chair, her often normal morning observation perch. Opting to observe anything further to see if she needed to issue more orders to the house brownies. The pair waited a minute to see what she would do before carefully separating and sitting up on the bed, observing first her and then each other. "Potter, I owe you an apology," Severus said uncomfortably. "I assumed you were aware of the family feud that your father initiated with me while we were in school. As he was underage at the time he needed to confirm it again after his majority and it would have received its third confirmation from you considering when he and Lily... well. It is now clear to me that you, in fact, did not issue the final confirmation even if your father probably did issue the second. My actions as a result, even with Dumbledore threatening me with Azkaban or the Dark Faction deciding that I was a traitor if I did not go after you, were completely out of line. I... would like to try to start over with you if I may?" "Okay, working under death threats that you actually can't stop is something I totally understand," Harry admitted with a grimace, thinking of his time at the Dursleys. He still had the belt marks across his back and a couple of knife scars to remind him of likely very similar situations at Private Drive to what Snape had just briefly described. The feud thing was something he still hadn't learned about but it was clear that the snarky man was dropping it so he didn't worry too much about it just then. "Oh?" Severus asked, eyes narrowing in suspicious thought. "I don't want to talk about it," Harry said quickly. A moment's thought had him deciding that a blank slate or at least a try at not pushing each other's buttons wasn't a bad idea. "A new start? Yeah, alright." "Good, I wont have you fighting each other," Voldemort agreed as he stepped out of the still steaming bathroom in new robes. He had left the door cracked as he cleaned up in case the other two needed to be separated or stuck to the bed or something. As a result he had heard the entire exchange and was quite happy with the truce. Nagini observed carefully off to one side from her chair, not yet interfering. Oh she still planed to enforce bed rest but letting them get cleaned up and wake up properly made gauging them easier. Besides, they had to be checked by the healer if she was going to avoid worrying over them enough to pull rank. She didn't do it often but the times she did kept her hatchling from half killing himself. It was also something she would have to establish with her new Speakers. Although, the leg trapping trick worked quite well this morning already. The elves wouldn't enforce her bed rest order until they delivered breakfast in any case. "Now, while you are officially my captives I think I might have a solution to avoid being forced into killing Potter," Voldemort offered slyly. "What?! How? Please tell me!" Harry immediately asked. He hated being hunted and needing to fight for his life! Severus swallowed hard and tried to slide across the bed, closer to his charge. Voldemort gave the man an amused look but didn't object. He had demanded the man swear an oath to protect Potter after all. "I can blood adopt you," Voldemort offered, refusing to let himself think on why he was jumping straight from the original idea of a simple truce to all out adoption. He also wasn't going to admit that now he had the other two Parselmouths he wasn't quite sure what to do with them. Beyond getting them checked out as healthy and protecting them from the "Light", one of the best ways of which was simply to make them family, he hadn't a clue what to do. It would take him time to re-write his plans and possibly talk the two into helping. Hopefully he would have that time... hopefully. Severus made a sound of shock and dismay before quickly cutting it off. Voldemort gave him an interested look. Did the other man harbor some wish to adopt the brat himself? Well, he could accommodate that he supposed. Of course it could be in regards to the Parsel Oath and the protection based Unbreakable Vow that the oath had revealed. He would find out in time. Both wizards were his now after all. "~I suggest you return to the bed-nest and let them have a turn in the water room,~" Nagini hissed lazily. "~The small squeaky ones noticed your tiredness and decided on bed rest for all three of you today. They will be bringing your early sun food soon.~" Voldemort cursed before quickly ushering the other two into the bathroom. They could share while he sorted out clean clothes for them and shrank them appropriately. He knew the elves had some how figured out a way to communicate with his familiar but he had yet to figure out how. He had absolutely no doubt that the elves had been given orders after he retired for the night. If the three of them weren't in bed when breakfast finally arrived they might not get a chance to leave the bed before breakfast the next day! Severus and Harry only needed an exchanged glance to pick who was washing and who was using the toilet first. It was nice that they were being allowed to clean up and not being shoved into a dungeon cell. A bit of a shock to find that they were sharing quarters with their primary captor but... nice. They didn't bother trying to figure out if the threat of bed rest from Nagini was real since Voldemort had clearly taken it as a given once informed. The pair was done quickly, not having bothered to take extra time beyond their hurried wash and dressing in provided shrunken clothes that clearly came from their host's own wardrobe. As a result they were just barely climbing back into bed when the popping sound of elves and breakfast arriving echoed through the room. "Master Lord beings naughty," the lead elf that had popped in glowered at them, easily able to tell they had been out of bed and moving around. "Master Lord is waitings for breky befores Goblin's Healer beings checking hims and new wizards!" "Yes, Lindsey," Voldemort agreed quickly. Normally he would get up and get ready for the day then call for breakfast. He was, however, grateful that Nagini had thought to have the elves call a Gringotts Healer, it had completely slipped his mind yesterday and he needed to have both Harry and Severus checked. Elf Lindsey glowered at her charge. Technically, she should be called Riddle Lindsey as she was bonded to the Dark Lord and he had never bothered to change his legal and magical name. It was, however, acceptable for a bonded elf to go by Elf in the case of a hidden family as long as they were, in fact, bonded. Those house elf-brownies bonded to a magical building or estate took the location name as their formal surname and identifier before their individual name was spoken. Lindsey, along with the other elves bonded directly to the Dark Lord, knew his past as a part of the bonding process. An elf bonded to a family became a part of that family. Dobby, on the other hand, was one of those rare examples of an elf driven to act by an outside magic and punished for it by both his own magic and the magic of his family. On top of that he was just plain odd and it made him an outcast as the conflicting magics would eventually kill him along with possibly everyone near him. Unless he found a balance between the conflicting magics, something nearly impossible to accomplish, his elf magic would call out to other elves begging for his death. This happened in an attempt to keep him from harming a child or killing someone he was supposed to protect. "Whats is new wizards being?" Lindsey asked as they were finally served their breakfast trays in bed. She needed to know if they were his lovers, his captives, or something else altogether. It would change how the elves responded to them. "Mine," Voldemort said firmly. He wanted it clearly understood that the pair belonged to him personally. "If they wish to leave they must clear it with me first. They can defend themselves or each other, once I return their wands, but may not otherwise cast spells against anyone. For now they are restricted to my rooms, the library, and the dining room for meals. No outside contact and any mail gets read by me. I will handle any punishments personally." Severus and Harry exchanged uncertain looks as they silently started in on their food. They hadn't expected to get their wands back at any point much less be allowed to use them, even if only for defense. As far as they knew, even with the deal in place, they were permanent prisoners and only the odd way they had been handled had them as compliant as they had been. "Very goods Master Lord," Lindsey squeaked and they popped away, leaving the three to their breakfast and a very smugly watching Nagini. *+ovo+* A/n: Ideas are welcome! Next chapter, the Healer! Chapter after that... Madam Bones, maybe?
"~Are you going to insist that we stay in bed until the healer you called for arrives or was breakfast in bed acceptable?~" Voldemort asked grumpily. They had finished their food and the dishes had been magically removed. "~That depends, are you going to be difficult about your own check up?~" Nagini hissed pensively. "~I don't need one!~" Voldemort hissed back in outrage. "~You do if you want to keep the other Speakers,~" Nagini told him flatly, her tone accepting no argument. Her first hatchling grumbled a bit but eventually gave her a reluctant nod of agreement. Nagini, in turn, gave a satisfied hiss and didn't object when Voldemort got the other two out of bed. "Up! Strip, both of you," Voldemort ordered with a glower aimed at his familiar. "No," Harry said flatly even as he got out of their joint bed. He was tense and, to Severus' eye, ready to bolt. "It has nothing to do with anything indecent," Voldemort grumbled. "I simply need to see what damage we will be fixing. It isn't like I wont find out when the healer arrives. Not to mention the fact that we will be sleeping in the same bed, platonically, from now on. In any case I... can't have sex, perhaps ever again. Wormtail botched the ritual potion too much. The cost of my resurrection." Harry looked over at his potions professor and posed the obvious, to him, question. "How bad was he at potions?" "Lupin was the only one of the group who had any real skill in the art," Severus scowled darkly. A quick wandless spell had both himself and his charge naked but for their boxers. Harry barely had the chance to realize what the coolness of air against his skin meant before Voldemort hit them both with canceling and revealing spells to strop away any glamours. The shocked silence at the marks laid bare on the skin of both captives had Harry fighting not to physically cringe. As it was he refused to look at them. "He's too thin," Voldemort commented so blandly that it made Harry mentally flinch. "I... don't know that I can heal all of this," Severus said with a hard swallow. He, himself, was on the too thin side but he wasn't so light as to clearly show his own ribs through taunt papery skin matched to hollow cheeks. "We will wait for the healer to decide that. I will grant you access to a potions lab for brewing. You will work with the healer to get you both back to a decent level of health. Narcissa may act as your official monitor but I know for a fact that you maintain a similar certification," Voldemort said stiffly. "If I have to treat you like children to ensure that you are healthy I will." Harry could feel the rage building behind his scar and knew that he was going to be screaming or unconscious or both before all of this was over. "Noted," Severus answered, mouth dry as he approached his clearly skittish charge. The moment he touched Harry the younger wizard tried to blindly bolt only to find himself caught up in strong arms, one set bare and one set clad in black robe sleeves. It was the last straw, Harry fought back as tears silently streamed down his face, blinding him even as he sightlessly struck out at the two older men. "~Sorely wounded hatchling,~" Nagini hissed in sympathy as the older two wizards were forced to subdue him, holding him close in their arms. She watched as the pair looked up into the other's face in distress at the condition of the youngest as he struggled futily in their arms. Harry's ribs and bones jutting through his flesh. The concealing illusions now ripped away to reveal how little of the scarred flesh he truly had to clad his bones. Eventually, Harry drooped in their grasp. Unable to keep up his original frantic struggle with still silent tear tracks marking his face the teen surrendered to their gentle yet firm hold. "I don't care what excuse Dumbledore or anyone else gives he's not going back," Severus half snarled. "If that means I blood adopt him and claim him under both the life debt owed to his father and the blood sworn bond I had with his mother then I will do it before the sunsets this day! On my life and magic do I swear this!" "By your oath so mote it be!" Voldemort's voice cracked out, laced with power, accepting the declaration of intent to adopt the teen in their arms. "From this day forwards you are both counted under the protection of the House of Slytherin, the House of Peverell, the House of Gaunt, and the House of Riddle. Any who seek to do you harm must also contend with me as the family Lord! You are mine!" Severus hissed and Harry twitched as they were engulfed in the man's magic. A slight pain in the Dark Mark and the scar from the Resurrection Ritual signaled the change in their status. The magic lingered, changing the brand from a serpent and skull into a royal blue cobra with flared hood wrapped protectively around a black panther and its cub. Harry's ritual scar, unable to change in the same fashion due to the lingering ritual magic, became outlined in royal blue with a black panther curled around a cub closer to the body. The blue scar very clearly shielded the black panther pair of parent and child protectively. "My two wounded panthers," Voldemort whispered as he hugged them both close. His grip on them calmed his previously building rage back into low burning embers. He would get whoever did this to the pair but for the moment they were safe in his arms, hidden away in his rooms, guarded by himself and his familiar. It would have to be enough until he could utterly destroy those who had hurt his panthers. "~My hatchlings,~" Nagini affirmed, circling them as she flared her own magic to officially add her claim to the nearly naked pair alongside her stubborn first Speaker. "Well, that's one way to make sure my new patients are taken care of," a woman's voice said archly. *+ovo+* A/n: It got too long so I split it up
A/n: So yeah, here is the rest of it. Enjoy! *+ovo+* "Well, that's one way to make sure my new patients are taken care of," a woman's voice said archly. Voldemort was already turning with a snarl, magic building to strike at the intruder even as he shoved his panthers behind him before he registered the bright green robes the brunette woman wore. She was completely unremarkable visibly aside from being dressed in the green robes of a healer with the healer's symbol of a wand crossed with a bone on her left breast next to the Gringotts crest. The Gringotts healer had arrived and seen practically the whole thing, unable to interfere as the small glaring elf at her side attested to. "Are you going to let me examine any of them any time soon?" the healer asked, completely unimpressed by his growling and ready magic. It wasn't like this was the first time she had to deal with grumpy patients after all. "Youse bes checking all of thems!" the elf squeaked in outrage. "My mistake," the healer said with barely a blink. Her wand was out even faster and the trio found themselves levitated onto the bed, separated, and hit with a petrificus totalus each. The next half hour resulted in them being scanned repeatedly in as many different ways as Severus knew with his own healers certificate and then some. The few diagnostics that Voldemort recognized got him many a glower from the very thorough healer. The joint glow of Harry's scar linked to Voldemort himself made him swallow hard. The thought of previously being determined to utterly destroy the holder of a piece of his own soul was unnerving and made him feel physically ill. Yes, it confirmed his suspicions from their conversation during the raid. It also explained to him, at least in part why he was feeling so much better with both Harry and Nagini nearby compared to what he had been feeling since the resurrection ritual. "First, whoever the hell had duty of care or guardianship of the teen before now is in for a world of pain when I and Gringotts catch up with them!" the healer growled, utterly furious. "Second, Dark Lord or not you are an idiot for splitting your soul. Thankfully, the first artifact you made was destroyed before you got the new body. That combined with being near the snake and the teen has helped heal you a bit and reduced your insanity level to just painfully eccentric instead of burn the world level. I recommend keeping them both near you from now on to reduce the risk of a relapse. Alternatively, fetch the ones that aren't here and reabsorb the next two biggest pieces. In case you thought you were only slicing off a sliver, as most idiots who actually make the attempt at this ritual do, you were wrong and split it in half each time. Gringotts is willing to aid in fixing this travesty of magic and soul under certain conditions." "~That... does not sound good,~" Nagini hissed warily. She had allowed the temporary imprisonment of her hatchling Speakers in favor of getting them healed. She had done so with the full confidence of being able to protect them or sending the elves to rescue them at need if kidnapped. Unaware of what the serpent familiar had said the healer continued her furious lecture. "One, you will be on permanent retainer as an expert in human soul magics with a 35% pay scale of the final transaction as a permanent fine for your idiocy. Two, all existing soul anchors are to be examined by a Goblin Expert who will also retrain you in the aspects of the magics involved that you clearly ignored or where unaware of. Three, if you wish goblin aid in correcting your form you will owe Gringotts 3 unspecified services to be called upon at the bank's discretion. No arguments. Finally, you are to swear an oath on your soul that at no point in time shall you ever again reduce yourself to below half a soul. This is to be enforced beyond question unless the situation is in the defense of the goblin people or the magical world as a whole. The specific classification of which is an apocalypse level event or above," the healer icily informed her captive patient, the Dark Lord. "You are just lucky that I am attempting a second mastery in order to get on one of the Curse-Breaker teams or this could have been so much worse. I will let you think about it as I go over the report on your companions. Before moving forwards on any treatment I will need to know certain things. Things such as exactly why both you and Mr. Potter have Phoenix Tears and Basilisk Venom from the same creatures in your blood with additional traces of untreated Acromantula Venom." All three wizards lay there stunned, still trapped under the charm, as they processed the confirming knowledge of the two highly poisonous venoms and healing tears. Powerful substances lingering in the blood of the eldest and youngest wizards of which Nagini had identified two out of three by their personal scents alone. To say that Severus was concerned was an understatement while Harry just mentally sighed at the weirdness that was his life. "As for you sir," the healer said, turning her scowl on Severus. "It is clear that you aren't taking care of yourself but your health history is what I find most concerning. Most of it has already been properly treated, thank god, but I want you to take a nerve regenerator daily for the next week paired with nutrition potions and rest. You are also required to have something at every meal time even if its just a sandwich. Nutrition potions are not to replace meals. Yes, they give you the nutrients but not the energy from the fuel that is the food the body eats. A daily dose of at least a Knut to Sickle sized piece of chocolate that has both coco and coco butter in it for the next three months will help fix what the potions can't quite cover." Deciding that they were suitably cowed and would listen to the rest of her instructions she released them from the restraint spell. "Now for the hardest one of you to treat," the healer said with a grimace aimed at his injuries. The Dark Lord's soul mess was complicated, expensive, and dangerous if done wrongly but not the hardest set of treatments. Harry was going to need a great deal of medical care even if no one but the healer realized it as yet. "Hardest?" Severus asked, trying not to choke on his shock before quickly Occluding his mind to control his emotions better. One too many blows to his emotional equilibrium in 48 hours had him almost twitchy, especially when it came to Harry. The Healer gave the Potions Master an inscrutable look before continuing with what she had been saying. "I will outline a diet and potions schedule. He isn't currently strong enough with enough reserves to re-break and properly set the bones which have healed wrong. We will start with more bland foods with very lean meats. It should be easier on his system. Plenty of snacks involving peanut butter, milk, fruits, and juices. If he has trouble with the meats give him peanut butter as the replacement protein until he can stomach them safely. Toast seasoned as he pleases but with a heavy encouragement after at least a week to use jams in the morning. As long as he can stomach something he can try eating it but start the heavier fare at small amounts with liberal bland foods and cooked yet largely unseasoned vegetables or fruits in some form. Introducing too much or too strong seasoning could be disastrous if done too early," The healer said sternly. "Rice, porridge, mashed potatoes... things easily eaten. The butter, or milk in the mashed potatoes, normally added to those things will help enrich the foods without putting too much strain on his system. Cheese works as well but limit it as it is sometimes harder to eat depending upon how its aged and how well the person normally consumes milk products." "Potions?" Severus asked with a sinking sense of dread. Simply hearing the diet plan made him sick as it made him even more aware of Harry's uncovered malnutrition. He would have to check over the final medical file she would be leaving with them to see if anything else could be done or if he could tweak some of the potions to work better. "Nutrient potions for at least six months at every meal. Food absorbers as well but only for the first two months or until he can eat a normal plate full of food. A nerve regenerator for the same time as yourself, a week," the healer recited for the potions master. "Calcium supplements in particular, daily for at least a month. Muscle regenerators and organ repair potions for at least a week after the first three months of the rest of it as he will have the nutrient resources at that point. The bones can be fixed a few days after the month of calcium supplements is finished." "I've... already started on the food bit," Harry told her, refusing to look at anyone. "I have to do it every time I come back to Hogwarts. It was just... worse than usual this summer." "Headquarters?" Severus asked quietly. "It wasn't hard to hide how little I was actually eating with the Weasleys there," Harry explained uncomfortably. "I burn through a lot of my magic during the summer to keep going and get my chores done without food and water when I'm under punishment." "Bed rest for a week, and a great deal of taking it easy for at least a month. No magic in that time," the healer scowled. clearly displeased at this new bit of news. "Are the Venoms and Tears going to be a problem for either of them?" Severus asked, completely professional in that moment. "I don't know," the healer admitted. "The Basilisk Venom at least should have killed them both. The tears seem to both be feeding off of it and keeping it at bay. The Acromantula Venom... well it appears to have been largely neutralized by the Basilisk Venom." "And the soul thingy?" Harry asked warily. The soul thing would explain the weird connection and dreams if nothing else but he wasn't sure he wanted to keep it. Besides he wanted a clearer answer than her rant over Voldemort's stupidity. "Honestly? We get someone every half century or so who tries Herpo the Foul's little immortality stunt. It happens often enough and is dangerous enough that the price is fixed. Every Gringotts healer is instructed in both detection of the ritual and who to inform if the subject opts to correct their error. Alternatively, Gringotts eliminates the person as an open threat to the Goblin Nation due to the mental instability factor when they refuse," the healer told them with a sigh. "It isn't as much of a factor in this instance as his clear genius level intelligence combined with having placed two of his pieces in other living beings created a stabilizing effect. Or at least it did once he regained a body. His wraith form would have maintained a disturbing, possibly dangerous, insanity level until it regained a body or one of its pieces did and assumed the role of primary soul piece. It was something which I only caught because those particular scans have an area of effect large enough to cover the room. This was combined with the fact that two of the soul pieces are in the snake and Potter respectively who are, obviously, in the room." "Is it possible to remove it?" Harry asked in a very small voice. "No, not for you or the snake. The only way to remove it and thus break any linked connection is for you to die," the healer said bluntly. "The pieces stored in inanimate objects will be required for examination. I can tell you right now that fixing this mess is going to be a nightmare. Legally, you must be under the Dark Lord's control to some extent because you hold a portion of his soul. He also counts as your closest living relative even if your blood hadn't clearly been used when creating him a new body. Any attempt to remove you from his care now that I have made him aware of your status is tantamount to an assassination attempt on both of you on par with feeding you to a Dementor. Its necessary for his sanity and to help keep you healthy. If you return to Hogwarts for the rest of your schooling you need to spend every weekend with him for the health of both of you, his sanity and your more normal health. I will provide a health certificate to that effect and file the required paperwork at Gringotts." "I... stabilized quickly after a bout of exhaustion once I joined them, platonically, in bed," Voldemort admitted. "Normally, since my re-embodiment, it takes several days to recover. It only took a single night sleeping in the same bed this time." "One or both of them?" the healer asked curiously. "Nagini was in bed with the three of us but she tends to stay toward the outside edge or the foot of the bed unless she has settled in front of the fireplace," Voldemort admitted. "I had put them both to bed and cast a sleeping spell after... well after a private discussion. I wasn't entirely sure why I wasn't willing to just lock them in a guestroom instead of putting them in my own bed and quarters. I knew I needed to keep them safe and secure but beyond that I honestly didn't understand why I placed them here instead of elsewhere." "Do you know why? Nagini, the snake, kept saying stuff about dominance and us being adopted into the nest..." Harry asked curiously. It hadn't occurred to him that the Dark Lord didn't actually have a solid reason for keeping them literally with him. "I don't know a whole lot about her breed of serpent. Magical I presume?" the healer said thoughtfully, with Voldemort nodding wary confirmation to the magical assumption before she continued. "It could very well be a natural part of her particular species culture. I know that non-magical Rattle Snakes over in the Colonies tend towards having something close to colonies and family, staying together without issue in fairly large communities. I'm not sure which specific species of Rattle Snakes do that but the son of an old friend is just obsessed with snakes currently. Hopefully he will grow out of at least describing their eating habits when I'm over for tea and chats with his mother. In any case finding such a strong representation in a non-magical animal makes it highly likely to pop up at least once far more strongly in a magical version. Dominance probably means who is in charge in this case and pointing out that you are coming into her nest and the nest of her wizard so you can't be allowed to be in charge and that you need to know that." "Is there anything you need to do immediately?" Severus asked with professional courtesy. "No. I just need an answer on if Gringotts is going to help fix the soul mess. Legally, as the Dark Lord has technically been reborn, he can't be charged for anything that happened before he got his new body. He was also very insane until recently and thus not entirely culpable for his actions," the healer shrugged. Once she filed her report the goblin warriors were going to have a field day hunting down the bastards responsible for the clear abuse of these three men as well as those responsible for noticing and correcting such situations. Thankfully the extended discussion had helped her calm down just, as she had noticed, as it had helped her patients to calm down. Although, the Dark Arts department was going to throw a royal fit over the stupid ritual getting out again and the latest screw ups connected to it. The exam wrapped up with an official agreement for treatment on the Horcrux issue. The healer left behind firm instructions and a copy of their files for their more normal healer to look over. She had a Wild Hunt to set in motion. Her patients were safely protected by the Dark Lord's people and she wanted to gut the idiots who had thought that hurting any child like the health history reports had shown was a good idea. Blood would be spilled over this before all was marked done. *+ovo+* A/n: Fun fact, the chocolate thing actually works better than official vitamins
A/n: I had this mostly written before the healer chapter so you get it fairly quickly. Don't bank on getting multiple chapters from me in a day as musey isn't usually that generous. Enjoy! *+ovo+* Voldemort frowned over his paperwork before glancing towards where his two panthers were. Harry and Severus were both curled up reading, having taken the prescribed potions and eaten lunch with him not more than two hours ago. He would have to let Severus brew what other potions were needed for the three of them before the day was over but it was also clear they all needed rest. The healer from the day before had provided the first couple of doses out of a special bag linked to the potions storage room that Gringotts maintained for its healers. The pair wasn't going anywhere and Voldemort was clearly never reassigning Severus unless absolutely necessary. Harry was going to need the protection that having both older wizards nearby and on his side would provide. Once the medical decree reached the rest of the school staff there was going to be a nasty uproar. He would need to get Severus to agree to housing Harry in his teachers quarters during that time. As he was going to go to Harry at times instead of always making Harry come to him to keep their bond fresh it would also be easier to arrive and leave through Severus' floo. Hopefully, he could talk the imp into getting a resort into Slytherin but he wasn't banking on it unless the entire school went insane and turned on his horcrux. Then too the children of his minions could help keep Harry safe but he would have to get them on at least speaking terms. "~Stop fretting,~" Nagini hissed at her first hatchling, content as she lounged on the heated stones in front of the fire. "~I have to assume that I can't keep them locked up,~" Voldemort explained with a sigh. "~The green-eyed imp is far too good at escaping things to make it work. Then too he needs to finish his learning before things get too dangerous. I can argue the he needs to be fully healthy before letting him out but those arguments will only get his compliance for so long. He still doesn't trust me and rightfully so. Until I can get him to feel safe around me and willingly accept my authority I have to assume that the old goat and his people will get to him. Even without him holding a piece of my soul... loosing Harry, willingly or not, will be devastating to say nothing of what it could do to Harry himself. I would love to just lock him away in safety but it just wont work. I have to sort out something else before we have to make an appearance outside the defenses of these walls. It wont be long before Madam Bones finds out that I was telling the truth and might demand a meeting or get that official meeting under truce magics set up. Both of which they will have to attend.~" "~My presence will not help unless I am hidden in a small form in the robes of one of them,~" Nagini concluded, clearly displeased. "~I will not suffer another serpent in our nest until I take a mate. It is a pity you cannot make their skin have a fast strike to bring them back to the nest or at least track them if things go wrong.~" "~Fast strike...? Oh, a transport spell or a speed enhancer of some kind and tracking spells, embedded in the skin... Severus has one after a fashion but it changed when we claimed them. Both have, on their arms, a blue shield to mark me and their status with me as well as the two panther tattoos to mark each other and their own status. It almost completely erased the magics in the Dark Mark and ritual scar that was there before the claiming. No, Nagini, I can't do that,~" Voldemort explained after verbally working out what she had meant. "~There isn't time and re-marking them both with my Dark Mark would be... counter productive even if I moved its location. I would need to rework the entire mark and we likely wont have the time. I can give them something to wear always instead but getting them to wear it might be... tricky.~" "~Panther Hatchlings, you will both wear the thing that my Tom will give you to help keep you safe,~" Nagini just flatly ordered the pair who were pretending not to eavesdrop. "Mine will have to be an anklet or something that I can slip under my robes," Severus said quietly. He wasn't going to argue the point and he would really prefer not to get another tattoo without a long discussion involved. "Mine too," Harry grimaced. "Rings always seemed to get in the way from how everyone who has them fumbles in class and people will notice if I start wearing stuff. I never had them before and the tattoos are going to be hard enough to explain." "Anklet and arm bands? Necklaces?" Voldemort mused aloud. "I will have to think on it. For now if we need to attend such a meeting before I can get a proper one commissioned I will give you something before we leave the manor. We will leave drastic things such as embedded portkeys and tattoos for future discussion and as strictly emergency measures." The two other wizards nodded before going back to their books. The enforced rest was already doing them both good. Hopefully, they would be safe should such an emergency meeting be arranged. Voldemort wasn't going to count on it though and the pair would not be leaving his side if they did have to attend such a meeting. Time would tell. Time would tell. *+ovo+* Three days after the Hogsmeade hostage incident... Amelia Bones could not believe what she was hearing. Not only did Fudge continue to insist that the Dark Lord didn't exist but he wanted the man's captives from the Hogsmeade incident legally declared traitors! Despite the ample evidence of the raid over the weekend and the submitted certified health checks on both Potter and Snape, which she had insisted on. Thankfully, the bastard couldn't unilaterally declare the pair as traitors for protecting the rescued students and staff members of Hogwarts and the few captured villagers. On top of that those same health checks showed a disturbing health trend in the pair any way that had her opening up investigations on where exactly they had received the majority of certain injuries. She was just grateful (grateful to the Dark Lord of all people!) that a full in depth health history had been insisted on for the report. She was also suddenly very happy that Child Abuse and Child Neglect had no statute of limitations in the Wizarding World. The old wounds recorded on these two captive wizards' health histories made her sick. It was just too bad that Snape's parents were already dead and Dumbledore was so fiercely protecting whoever Potter had been living with. She couldn't issue the warrant without names after all. It made her oddly glad for the medical declaration that officially transferred Potter's custody over to the Dark Lord and demanded frequent contact between the two. She may not be a trained healer but this wasn't the first time that magic manifested if a frankly weird fashion. Custody changes under the heading of magic gone strange were perfectly legal, thankfully. "Madam Bones! The muggle books you asked us to pick up and check through!" one of her Aurors said breathlessly as he rushed up to her in the halls of the Ministry on her way to the cafeteria for lunch. "What about them?" Amelia asked with dread, her heart sinking at the look of horror on the Auror's face. "Ma'am, whoever told you what to look for... well they were right," the Auror stuttered out. Amelia closed her eyes in dismay and resignation. Taking a deep breath she thought hard about her options. She especially had to contend with the legal fact that the only thing she could actually charge the, now certifiably sane, Dark Lord with was the actual raid she had negotiated over. This... was going to be a nightmare. "I want every Auror and Trainee not on a priority case to gather the Wizengamot Members, with their heirs if possible, and all Department heads are to report to the Wizengamot Chambers without delay. We have a bigger problem than a Dark Lord and they need to see the report now! And find out where the hell Dumbledore got to!" Amelia ordered flatly. "He wasn't at the school when this mess kicked off and McGonagall could only tell me that he was off on ICW (International Confederation of Wizards) business! As the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot I want him here yesterday, damn it!" The Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement (DMLE) didn't bother to lower her voice as she snapped out orders. As a result her voice echoed down the corridor into sudden, brief, silence before a cacophony exploded as people scrambled to obey and the news raced down the Ministry gossip lines. She didn't care as long as the people she had designated showed up to hear the full report. Voldemort was right, damn him! The other frightening thing? Voldemort had included a sanity certificate with a semi-complete explanation on the fact that he had been technically insane before graduating Hogwarts, insanity which was now largely fixed. Included in the package of official documents for her was a packet of emergency plans that could be used if things exploded. Plans, in some cases, that featured him and Potter prominently if they could get the idiots playing at lies and backstabbing that called themselves politicians to cooperate. As much as Amelia hated the Dark Lord's "test" of their society, started during his insane but brilliant phase, she could already tell they would need him and his people to fix this or possibly prepare for a real war. Hopefully they had the time to try. "Parkins! Get the Goblin representative and contact the Centaur representative! Tell them and the Vampire Council we need them here asap! They are going to want to hear this. Michels! Issue a missive to all registered magical family heads informing them of a discovered threat to their family and tell them about the emergency meeting. If they can get here then they need to be here and if they can't they need to show up within 48 hours to hear the record. People, we are on a Code Split Fate! As of now the entire Ministry is on Emergency Duty with a security lock level Red 3. Follow your department's plan for it and when done report to the Emergency Department for temporary reassignment as needed!" Amelia barked out at various people. She was moving down the hall towards her office and already knew that calling an emergency meeting like this was going to turn into a royal clusterfuck. "As much as this is going to screw me over... do you want me to contact the Dark Lord?" Auror John Dwalish offered hesitantly. Amelia closed her eyes, fending off a headache, and sighed before turning on her Senior Auror and answering him flatly, a honed edge of steel in her voice and fury shining in her eyes. "You are on probation... and removed from any investigation that the Dark Lord or his people are a part of. Cases which you will report on if you happen to be placed in connection with any of them as a conflict of interest. As to notifying him... Yes, tell him I need him here with Potter and Snape but that I can not promise safe passage because of Fudge and Dumbledore. So I recommend seeing to his own security. I also politely request that if we find our groups at odds that he stick to non-lethal so that I have a chance at arguing for a future meeting with safe passage. This is going to be the ultimate test for this department to know if he's serious about those emergency plans he sent me to look at and serious about fixing all of this." "If we, the dark faction, prove that we are?" Dwalish asked cautiously. "Then we talk," Amelia said grimly. "There are a great many laws on the books that aren't getting enforced like they should be. The entire department might just have to... brush up on those laws. Hell, most of the objection we have with the dark faction is the killing, torture, and continued attempts at genocide and/or enslavement! If those weren't there we'd be going after Dumbledore's little club for how much damage they tend to do. He's just the only person who has proven themselves able to fight your Lord to a draw!" "That's... not entirely true. Potter can. Yeah, he's not fully trained and its mostly a scramble on his part but whatever happens he always manages to stop the Dark Lord even when his sanity was... questionable. Convince Potter to help keep the Dark Lord from doing something extreme and even if he can't talk him out of it he has a... knack for ruining whatever the plan was with little loss of life if any. Its not often talked about," Dwalish explained carefully, staring pointedly at a wall. Explaining all of this was going to get him crucioed without question but it was a chance he had to take! "We still haven't gotten solid details on those incidents but there is a quiet suspicion among the ranks that whatever he does it's what is responsible for the Dark Lord's mind beginning to heal. The Dark Lord wasn't sane at the end of the last war and we couldn't fix it. The magics in the loyalty oath stopped us from stopping him and mostly kept our mouths shut. Frankly, I'm surprised it hasn't killed me for saying what I have." "Because it falls under trying to get an ally you idiot," Lucius Malfoy snarled as he stalked up and smacked the chatty Auror. "He still hasn't convinced Potter to stick around and this could help with that. You are lucky the magics consider neutralizing Potter as a threat and at least getting him neutral overall to be more important than spilling unconfirmed suspicions from among the rank and file! Besides, the healer confirmed his current sanity. Something which Madam Bones was sent a certificate as proof that he was checked and cleared." "You are being awfully open about this," Amelia observed guardedly. "I was tried and found innocent but that doesn't mean the magics aren't still present. There is, after all, a reason we tend to fight so viciously not to answer questions regardless of when we took the mark or why," Lucius pointed out dryly. He would not actively admit to being in contact with the Dark Lord but then he didn't really need to. Backroom politics aside he had always been a major recruiter and the political head of their faction, the public face. Besides, they had no proof he had done anything illegal and thus couldn't arrest or charge him for it. Then too the Dark Mark did have a few very lethal fail safes. Madam Bones glared but grudgingly conceded the point. She really wanted an excuse to cuff him and dose him with veritaserum. A shout calling her name brought her back to the disaster at hand. Save the world first then see about getting some truth serum into Malfoy. Priorities people, priorities. *+ovo+* A/n: Alright, next step... should we go with the meeting, inform Dumbles of the disastrous (to him) situation, watch the Ministry scramble, or see what the goblins are up to?
A/n: Okay, I decided on small snapshots for a few of the options I listed last time. Enjoy! *+ovo+* The first hint to Fudge that something out of his control was happening was the way his office locked down, keeping him from his much anticipated lunch with Lord Malfoy. The second was the way that the enchanted crest hidden behind the seal of the Ministry of magic burned away the Ministry seal hiding it and the tapestry he had hiding the seal on top of it. The third was the way he watched, in disbelief, from across the room as his official seal of the Minister melted into a bronze puddle of molten metal on his desk. It scorched both desk and set alight a few of the nearby papers that he knew focused on his more behind the scenes endeavors. The actually official paperwork all remained untouched and safe from the burning of the molten metal even when touching the puddle now cooling on his desk. A sick feeling began to build in Fudge's gut and the last thing he heard was the magically enhanced booming voice of someone unknown screaming traitor in his ears as everything went black. In a quiet office across the ministry building a new seal formed out of thin air, sitting next to the official Bones family crest on the desk of one Amelia Bones. *+ovo+* Griphook stared in disbelief at the message from the Ministry, the actual Ministry rather than the Department of Magical Creatures, sitting in the hand of the panting Auror Trainee acting as a live messenger. First that healer sent to Malfoy Manor arrives back from her job snarling about abused wizardlings and stalking into the Wild Hunt department, now this?! All Griphook could think was that the Potter Heir was involved. "This needs to go to your representative immediately! Its an emergency! Everyone has to be at the meeting!" the trainee panted out desperately. "Who else are you to deliver a message to?" Griphook demanded as he started leading the Trainee off of the main public floor into the mess of passages where his people worked. "If I could get Gringotts to send out alerts for the meeting to Family Heads and as many important Faction or People Leaders as possible I was supposed to ask. The meeting everyone needs to get to is supposed to include as many leaders as possible. A threat to all magical peoples has been uncovered!" The Trainee blurted out. "Madam Bones even sent a message with one of the Death Eaters that were hidden in the Aurors to get the Dark Lord for the meeting!" Griphook, seeing that the young man was serious, changed his direction and headed for the Branch Director's office instead of the representative's office. Whatever happened next was going to be important, Griphook knew. Still he quickly led the Trainee down passage after passage. He briefly wondered if he would ever get the proper story from the confused wizard child that he had first taken to his vault with the oaf Hagrid at his young side. The explosion of sound and later activity that spawned from the Director's office was nothing compared to the open fury of the healer who had so recently returned from Malfoy Manor. She had, after all, just confirmed that Albus Dumbledore had a significant hand in not only assuring the previous mistreatment of her patients but was probably still doing it. The furious order that locked down the Dumbledore vaults only came after the Director and said same healer had supper together in the breakroom. To say that the Goblin nation and Gringotts bank in particular was furious was quiet the understatement. Many an owl collapsed in exhaustion by the time of the Emergency meeting. *+ovo+* Dumbledore sipped at his fruity drink. It didn't happen often but occasionally he tacked on a few days or a week or two on to his ICW duties in a resort if only to reduce how much stress he was inevitably under. He timed it all very carefully and tried to do it during the school summer holidays. This time around his only chance was during the first Hogsmeade weekend. Knowing that things were likely to go insane around Halloween even if only because of young Mr. Potter's apparent knack for finding trouble every Halloween he took the risk. He just knew that he was going to need his, unfrazzled, wits about him when he got back but until then... sushi sounded good for lunch. The old wizard would later curse his insistence on a complete communications black out for his rest period. *+ovo+* A/n: So, more chaos at Gringotts? The actual meeting? Our boy's reaction to getting summoned via Dwalish to the meeting? Some idiot getting wind of the meeting and reporting it to the aware muggle side? Dumbledore accidentally showing up for the meeting and his reactions? A look at Hogwarts?
A/n: Okay, someone pointed out how comfortable Harry is with two people who he thought wanted him very dead so I covered why. Be aware that some of this touches on emotional trauma and how it can twist perceptions or the understanding of a situation. As such some of the personal logic is... somewhat odd. *+ovo+* Harry slept somewhat peacefully having been knocked out by the sleeping potion from the healer. Unfortunately he could still dream and he had been very aware of who else was in the same bed as him just before the potion kicked in. Thus, it should have been no surprise to anyone that his mind slipped into nightmares. The first quiet whimper woke both older wizards from their slumber, having learned to be light sleepers as children living in the same building as their tormentors. Both men paused as their minds woke, returning them their memories of the last several days. Severus, having insisted that Harry be on the side of him in bed opposite that of the Dark Lord carefully turned to observe his charge. "~He stinks of terror,~" Nagini informed them softly, not wanting to unnecessarily wake Harry. Voldemort swore quietly as Severus reached over to try and wake his son. The touch of his hand sent Harry instinctively rolling away and curling into a protective ball. He barely avoided rolling off of the bed and onto the hard cold marble floor covered by large rich thick Persian rugs. "No! Please don't hurt me!" Harry begged, still half asleep and clearly terrified. Severus didn't wait, he pulled Harry into his arms and started humming the same tune he had been taught by Lily as a child. Something deep inside the younger wizard recognized the tune and the protective grip, calming him. He was out like a light inside 30 seconds, never having fully woken from his sleep as the song chased away his night terrors. "~His magic recognized both of you but I do not think he was hiding from either of you,~" Nagini hissed contemplatively. "~Odd with how I know you have both hurt him in the past. What would terrify him more than what you, my Tom, have done to him?~" Severus swallowed hard as he recalled why he had no real issue with his so-called fear of the Dark Lord. After all the man had killed his abusive father upon Severus' joining the Dark Sect at Severus' own request. The nightmares of his father coming into his room with a belt or a knife still plagued him nearly 20 years later after the man's death. Those same nightmares that held more terror for him than almost any torture he could possibly face now as an adult. True terror instilled in early childhood was almost always more potent than that which is learned as an adult. "What?" Voldemort demanded quietly. He had seen Severus' look of realization marked with dread and knew that whatever it was had to be bad. "You faced war as a child, not... a single or multiple active opponents with complete access and free reign to hurt you. We did," Severus admitted, keeping his eyes on his son sleeping in his lap. "Remember that I asked for my father's death as a new recruit? I gained a measure of closure but I still have nightmares about him coming after me." It took a minute but the reasons finally dawned on the Dark Lord causing him to swallow down his rage. A rage which made Harry whimper again in his sleep. "After breakfast we will go to Gringotts and ensure that he never returns there again even should something happen to us," Voldemort said quietly, eyes as hard as flint and voice laced with steel. "The bank sent an emergency notice as Head of the Slytherin family about a meeting this afternoon with Dwalish sending a second one confirming a request for the three of us specifically. The Goblins can arrange for him to never go back on our behalf before we attend the emergency Wizengamot meeting. Apparently they wanted to do it yesterday but had to push it back a day. Dwalish may show up later to officially deliver the message instead of using his emergency contact measure." They sat there in silence for a bit, Harry unconsciously cuddled against the snarky Potions Master's chest and wrapped in his arms. "I turned to save Lily. I didn't account for the child as Harry wasn't real to me yet. Upon her death he forced me into an Unbreakable Vow to safeguard Harry. I have been denied access except when he is at school. To keep me obedient both his life and my freedom from Azkaban are held over my head. Either I obey or Harry gets hurt or one of the Slytherins. There are a few other things he uses against me but that is the majority," Severus admitted into the silence of the dark bedroom. "I... was never allowed to get to know him and now he's my son." Voldemort shifted along the bed and pulled the pair of wizards firmly into his arms as he made all three of them lay down. "I don't share my things," Voldemort murmured as he held them close. His odd little family, only a few days old, wasn't an exception to his possessiveness and protectiveness. Humming softly they drifted back to sleep. Nagini watched all of this thoughtfully. She already knew her hatchling had well and truly claimed the other two, spontaneous ritual from a few days ago aside, but the thought of a still existing threat bothered her. She knew it would bother her Tom as well until he removed it with extreme prejudice. Her youngest Speaker Hatchling would have to be watched even more closely. Breakfast came with the three wizards largely ignoring Harry's nightmares from the night before. They set to eating in Voldemort's private sitting area, as they had been since the Hogsmeade raid. Although Snape's quiet confession from the night before had seen a small change with their breakfast fare. Instead of only catering to Voldemort's meal preferences the table now sported the expensive coffee that Severus favored as well as a larger range of options. Neither of the younger wizards commented but both noticed the change. "What happened?" Harry asked carefully, eying his fellow diners as he devoured mashed potatoes mixed with sausage pieces and topped with fruit bits. It had been something he created from the available foods rather than pre-made by the house elves. The new fruit tea was rather good too. "Severus explained the circumstances surrounding why he was already your sworn protector," Voldemort informed him. "Dumbledore tricked him and then trapped him, holding his oath over his head as a leash even as he was kept away from you aside from his duties as your teacher. The situation likely exacerbated any problems between the two of you. There was no betrayal of anyone." "You could say that," Severus snorted. "Yes, I reacted as if he had sealed the final part of the magical family feud but I also wasn't given a choice in poking at him either. I can guess at several reasons why. Just off the top of my head: fostering a hatred of all things Slytherin, a mask to make it look like nothing had changed which also made me out to be evil, stripping the imp of all possible adult support except that which the Headmaster controlled or authorized, inability to get out of the damned leash in the form of the Unbreakable Vow without it killing me... Yes, there were plenty of reasons why I snapped and snarled at you at Hogwarts, very few of which were actually your fault. Still, my actions were also my own." "He threatened me to get you to behave or at least obey him..." Harry concluded with a wince as he closed his eyes, pained at the sudden knowledge of the ramifications of the Vow. "Yes," Severus said quietly. "Something which is not and has never been your fault. So get that thought out of your mind. I could have chosen death or Azkaban but I did not. I never really minded promising to protect you. Yes, I would have preferred being able to choose to die in your protection if it came down to it but it is done. Further the bond we now share makes you my son, we only need to register it at Gringotts or the Ministry to have it officially recognized. The Dark Lord was acknowledged as our patron and protector by the magic to the point of family. The ritual might have been off the cuff but it is no less valid, even more so as Nagini also participated and made the same claim." Harry opened his eyes to stare wide-eyed at his adoptive father. He knew they had been acting like a family he had always dreamed about and had also noticed that the ritual had made him suspiciously comfortable around the other two. What he hadn't known was that it had created a legal as well as magical bond between them all. "I am the family Lord and Head of House for a number of different reasons. Neither of you, to my knowledge, has a current Lordship or are Heir to a Lordship irregardless of if you are eligible for one. We will need to check on that at some point, not today as we will be rather busy, as well as your finances and any holdings you may have," Voldemort pointed out. "Medically, I need Harry safe as well as frequent access to him. Even if we never get along I would rather not face that destructive insanity again, an insanity that is bad for everyone. These things may change to some extent after more of my soul is healed but my protection of you both will never waver. For now we will finish breakfast and then head to the bank before obtaining lunch and going to the ministry for the emergency meeting they called. I will call for an escort at the bank unless we decide to simply use glamours as we will be using to get to the bank." The trip to Gringotts and the Ministry was going to be very interesting, Harry thought darkly. He had a deep suspicion that they were going to be tagged with trackers and other magics to make sure they made it back "home" with the Dark Lord. It was weird enough finding out that he had first been adopted by two of his most ardent enemies and then discovering the health and soul thing on top of it. The fact that he was still hurt from his previous "home life" wasn't really a surprise considering how much it tended to hurt when he wrote with a quill or prepared potion ingredients. It was just another one of those constant pains he didn't bother to comment on with how long it had been there and the lack of care provided by any adult he had trusted with it. Harry had no idea that ever since the health check his new little family was hyper vigilant about his health. All three of them had been closely observing him and none of them had been pleased to realize that this was the most relaxed and at peace they had ever seen him beyond flying on his broom. The Dark Lord, thinking it would help Severus in his current task, had allowed the other wizard to read their health reports properly while Harry had a long hot bath before bed the night before. The one-way silencing spells along with the temporary containment wards had been a good idea. Severus' magic and temper had raged at the damage done to their green-eyed imp. Voldemort had to pin the man down and remind him, very firmly, who was now in charge to keep him from going off and murdering both Dumbledore and the Dursleys. It had turned into a sort of cuddle session as the Potions Master broke down weeping on Harry's behalf. The combined revelations were likely a large part of what prompted Severus into admitting what he had in the dark of the night as they held Harry protectively in their arms after the nightmare. Time would tell. For now they had to get to the bank. *+ovo+* A/n: Okay, the plan is to cover part of the bank next but musey might hijack it in a different direction because she is making very displeased noises with my current ideas. Idea suggestions are very welcome! Maybe Musey will be more happy with something you guys come up with...
A/n: Clearly musey has different ideas than me on time progression... Enjoy! *+ovo+* "Here," Voldemort said as he returned their wands. They had finished breakfast and gotten ready for their day out. Both younger wizards were wearing magically adjusted things from Voldemort's own wardrobe even as the Dark Lord was clad in his pretty boy glamours from the raid. A few of the items had been secretly tagged with trackers, monitoring spells, and two separate remotely activated portkeys that would drag the pair to his side in an emergency. Both portkeys had a back up activator in response to one or both wizards getting kidnapped or captured. The Dark Lord refused to loose the pair to idiots and treachery. "Is there a way we can get my owl back?" Harry asked tentatively. "I don't much mind loosing the rest if you insist. There are just a few things I'd like back. Things from my... birth parents." The other important things to Harry were still in his trunk at school but Hedwig was literally his first friend and deepest confidant. As upset as he would be for loosing the few family things he had, like his family invisibility cloak and the photo album, he would be even more devastated to loose Hedwig. If he knew that she would be okay that was one thing but he had no idea if the Hogwarts rumor mill had started in on him being a baby dark lord again or not. It wasn't inconceivable that some deluded schoolmate would try to kill her for that offense even if he wasn't actually a baby dark lord. There would be hell to pay when they found out the current Dark Lord had declared him under his personal protection along with Professor Snape and it would be worse when the medical thing eventually leaked. "I've seen your wardrobe, its getting replaced," Severus insisted with clear disapproval. "You should not be dressed in rags, no matter your sense of muggle style or what happens to be popular among muggles." "Its... not actually mine. The school clothes are mine but the other ones... they are Dudley's old ones. I'm not allowed..." Harry forced out before trailing off, refusing to look at the other two wizards. "I wanted my owl... my special cloak, my photo album, the hidden map my dad and his friends made, and maybe the Firebolt Sirius gave me... That's it..." "Not sweets? Not the Weasley Sweaters you sport every winter holiday? Not pranks?" Severus asked suspiciously as he tried to remember what else his son had at the school. "Don't really have much," Harry admitted, looking at his feet, still refusing to meet their eyes. "I figured I wont be allowed to keep my cloak or Firebolt even if we get them but I want them... safe. I can put them all in my vault I suppose except for Hedwig but I'm never allowed to keep my key so..." A firm smack of flesh on fabric had him flinching as he quickly looked up, searching for the threat, only to be met by the sight of Severus rubbing his arm. "How," Voldemort asked dangerously. "Could you have missed this?" "He is a better actor than I thought," Severus grumbled. "Besides, I challenge you to see clearly with Dumbledore and the rest of the staff shoving the image of your childhood bully down your throat at every chance. Especially in regards to the one you are looking at and then tell me that you can do so without seeing exactly what they are shoving down your throat constantly. Even if the others on staff probably weren't aware of how much they were hurting me and my relationship with my son Dumbledore was most certainly aware and ruthless in re-enforcing the connection." "Fine, expect a more personal punishment when we get back to ensure you see our brat clearly from now on. Perhaps a spanking? Something to make you remember but not actually cause harm," Voldemort told him bluntly, still scowling over the latest news. "We don't have time right now and I want the pair of you as safe as I can get you without having to fight the pair of you or imprison you both." "What... did he do? Aside from the feud thing?" Harry asked carefully. He really wanted to know why Severus hated his birth father so much. He was slowly coming to realize, just from the change in how he was spoken of by the other two and their treatment of him, that they did actually care about him. He wasn't stupid so he knew that at least part of it was that they hadn't known about some stuff and that what they had thought they knew was dangerously wrong. He knew that the soul thing and his less than perfect health bothered them. He knew that Dumbledore seemed to only care about controlling him and keeping him on a leash to do his bidding. What he didn't know, out of all of this, was why they cared about his comfort and understanding. Harry could see keeping him alive and healthy because of the soul thing. He could even see a reason to keep him somewhat entertained and tracked. What he couldn't seem to wrap his head around was that they actually cared about him. "Black tricked me into meeting Lupin under a full moon before the potion that lets him keep his human mind was created. Had James not rescued me, incurring a life debt, I would have either been killed or turned and Lupin would have been executed. Black, if Dumbledore hadn't covered it up, should have been expelled and charged with attempted murder," Severus explained refusing to look at either of them. "I went to Dumbledore about it and he magically bound me to silence before punishing me for attempting to get his precious Gryffindors in trouble. I can speak of it to you because you hold the life debt that was earned during that incident. You inherited it from your... James." "Considering how many magics bind you to the imp, you are very lucky that we discovered how important he is to both of us," Voldemort said with a glare. "As I said before we don't have the time to sort this out. We will deal with it when we come home." "Times three," Severus agreed softly, causing the Dark Lord to pause in his turn towards the fireplace they would be leaving from. "The number of times my mother refused to step aside on the night she was killed," Harry added thoughtfully. "I know its an especially magical number but I don't know why." "Another time," Voldemort instructed softly, his anger now gone, as he turned back to the fireplace and reached for the floo powder. The powerful number three being so linked to the pair and the bindings between them wasn't something to just ignore. It did, however, highlight the fact that it might not be their fault if it was even something bad. Right then and there Voldemort was inclined to think that it might be something good. A casual toss had the fire roaring green in under a minute as he called out the address of the Leaky Cauldron. His glamoured features wouldn't draw comment until the other two arrived. Voldemort fully expected an Auror escort to show up at the bank to "help" them get to the ministry meeting once word of seeing Harry in Diagon got out. He just knew this was going to be a long day. *+ovo+* A/n: Right now I'm remember that I have a hard time using Time Jumps. *glares at smug musey* Reaction ideas? Entrance to the meeting ideas? How much bad information or how screwy will the Gringotts visit be? Will someone be an idiot and attack our boys while out and about? Will Rita Skeeter see them and pounce?!
A/n: Okay, this needed to be split up so you get the trip through Diagon and then Gringotts next chapter. I may or may not include the emergency meeting with the Gringotts one. I do plan to fully write out both. However, musey sometimes has a mind of her own. Enjoy! *+ovo+* Diagon was bustling that morning even though it didn't have the normal pre-school crowds that Harry was used to running into whenever he got his school supplies. The only problem, as far as Harry was concerned, was the sight of Umbridge in her normal bright pink walking down the street towards them. Unfortunately he wasn't taking into account the stares of the public which just happened to be more concerned than usual. Not as much of a surprise considering the lack of glamours but definitely a concern for both of his companions. They had no idea what the pink clad witch had done to their imp and were thus ill prepared for what was about to happen. The first sign that something had gone wrong wasn't the appearance of the Aurors but in fact the way that Umbridge somehow managed to cruelly grab Harry. "Where have you been boy?" Umbridge screeched as she shook him hard rattling his brain inside his skull. Severus managed to snatch his son back out of her grip but not without tearing Harry's clothes and bruising the flesh underneath as Umbridge was violently removed from contact. The spell that sent her flying had fury and power to spare as red eyes burned through the glamour, causing the entirety to melt away and reveal the Dark Lord in all his glory. The crowd drew sharply back away from them but didn't start panicking yet. After all it was quickly pointed out that he hadn't started it, Umbridge had. Then too why was he, the Dark Lord, shielding Potter?! Until the Dark Lord turned his focus on the crowds they would happily watch the show. "You shouldn't have done that," Voldemort said maliciously. "She rattled his brains! We will be lucky if he doesn't have a concussion to say nothing of the bruises she left and the clothes she ripped through," Severus snarled as he cradled his son close. Harry was easily dizzy and trying not to get sick, vaguely he had to agree with his new father. It did, in fact, feel like one of the many times Vernon had given him a concussion. "Tend to the imp... I think I want to know exactly why she thought that she had the right to grab any child much less that Heir of a Nobel and Ancient house," Voldemort growled out himself. "After all, we were here peacefully heading to the bank. I even catered to the public in using glamours to avoid panicking anyone." "My lord, Madam Bones is expecting you for the emergency meeting," Dwalish said, approaching them from the newly arrived group of Aurors. None of them had any prior knowledge as to what the trouble was when they responded to the panicky floo call. On the plus side Dwalish's newly public status as a Death Eater on the Auror force was suddenly paying dividends. They had someone who could safely approach the Dark Lord to find out what the hell was going on! "I am aware. It was one of the only reasons we bothered to leave the Manor prior to deciding what both Severus and Harry actually need after the healer proscribed bed rest," Voldemort drawled. "I was quite disgusted to realize our world has allowed the Potter Heir to be regularly starved and tortured for most of his life. I will be having words with those responsible and with the Wizengamot over the matter. Although it does show case Harry's strength quite nicely as almost anyone else would have died before ever reaching Hogwarts. This woman grabbed Harry and shook him like a rag doll. In his fragile state that could have very easily killed him." Dwalish, along with most of his Auror fellows, paled at this news. "Harry... What is this?" Severus demanded sharply, his voice suddenly cold. "From detention with Umbridge," Harry slurred. He knew what was being asked about without opening his eyes by the way that the long potion stained fingers tracing the scarred words etched into the back of one hand. I must not tell lies. "I will kill her!" Severus snarled furiously, his obsidian eyes blazing with fury as he clutched Harry close to his chest. "What?" Dwalish asked sharply. He had to get as much information as quickly as possible before everything blew up in his face! "Scars from a blood quill!" Severus spat, glaring hatefully at the pink clad bitch who was only just now clambering unsteadily to her feet. Voldemort growled, low and menacing as his fury burned behind his Occlumency shields. Yet still Harry, winced and bit back a whimper at the intensity of the bleed through flowing down their mind link. "I'm not the only one," Harry managed to whimper before passing out under the combined onslaught of Voldemort's rage and the concussion he had sustained. The silence that suddenly engulfed the alley was deadly. "How many? How many of our children have scars because of you?!" Voldemort spat as he slowly advanced on the, by now, completely terrified witch. "Kill her later!" Severus ordered as he shot towards the bank and their on site healers with Harry bundled in his arms. Passing out on top of a concussion was a very bad thing and Severus refused to loose their imp with help right ithere/i. Voldemort, trusting Snape's judgement, took up the rearguard as they headed for the bank. Not a single spell was fired at them as they retreated into the bank and no one was crazy enough to follow after them into Gringotts territory. "Unhand me you imbecile! I am the Undersecretary to the Minister!" Umbridge screeched as a couple of the Aurors decided to arrest her. "Funny, I don't believe temporary Minister Bones appointed you. After the magical purge that swept the Ministry after the magic declared Fudge a traitor and killed him it also either killed, trapped, or incapacitated everyone allied with him. The magic gave a listing of all newly empty posts and you just listed one of them. I don't remember your name on any of the ministry personnel lists. Unless, of course, you haven't been to the ministry since the ancient magic was triggered. That's the only way I can see you as not being in custody," Auror Jones said darkly. "Lets see, what else was it he said? Ah, yes, Torture of a Minor, Torture of a least one Noble House Heir, Misuse of Power, Use of a level 5 Dark Artifact on a Minor, Use of a level 5 Dark Artifact on a Noble House Heir... Did I miss anything Max?" "I can think of a few more easily just based on this mess in the alley," Auror Max said darkly. "She's lucky that the Dark Lord thought healing Potter was more important," Dwalish snorted in disgust. "Right, he's being peaceful but it wont hurt to leave a few behind while this waste of air gets dragged into the Ministry cells to await trial." The other Aurors murmured agreement and everyone sorted themselves out with Umbridge portkeyed to a cell and the Alley gaining a few extra Aurors for the day. *+ovo+* A/n: Okay, ideas on what they will find in the bank records? Or should we just stick with picking up an overview file and getting both Severus and Harry new wardrobes in a rush before the meeting? Skip most of it for the meeting? Or really lay out how screwed up things are?
A/n: Okay, you guys asked for a few things with the overwhelming opinion that I should lay out the mess at Gringotts. Upon review of what exactly has to be laid out and how fast events are going for our boys... well they need more time. So! The Emergency Meeting is going to go over a portion of the mess and the bank mess will have to wait. Please remind me if we don't get back around to the bank again within a reasonable time/chapter amount. Also, please feel free to offer up ideas for everyone's accounts, heritage, holdings, and accomplishments with the same for any past family. This will make my job easier and make it more fun for all of you! That said Enjoy the trip to Gringotts! *+ovo+* Harry drifted in the dark, his head throbbing, aware that everything felt like moving through bubbly molasses. He could feel the magic of both Snape and Voldemort curling protectively around him as he drifted, trapped in the mental syrup caused by the concussion. He knew this didn't always happen with a concussion but it was still something he associated with a bad blow to the head. Then he started hearing quiet voices near by. "Why did he react so badly to being shaken?" that voice had to be good ol' Voldy. "Shaking a child roughly enough can kill them," Severus' voice corrected. "Its one of the easiest ways to kill an infant. Harry's weakened condition and the high likelihood of many previous concussions makes him more vulnerable to taking damage from such mistreatment. We are lucky that the healer found no extra damage beyond the rattling of his brain inside his skull, although that can be bad enough. He passed out from pain, probably from his link to you considering how inflamed his scar was. Small mercies." "That isn't good," Voldemort hissed quietly in upset. "I realize that the healer said it was too soon for me to attempt to correct my mistakes but I am uncertain if we can wait until my health is optimal before trying to heal my soul. If this is what happens to our imp... Well lets just say that I refuse to leave him vulnerable and I am not stupid enough to think he can't escape if I try to keep him out of mischief." "He needs a measure of freedom," Severus' voice warned softly. "I know," Voldemort agreed reluctantly. Harry could tell just from listening that he really did know. Harry picked that moment to groan and force his eyes open. He was in what amounted to a private infirmary. from the permanent clock enchanted on the wall he hadn't been out for more than twenty minutes. At a guess Voldemort hadn't opted to punish anyone or Harry knew that he would be in more pain and would have likely slept longer from the spill over down their link. "Thanks for not cursing whoever," Harry croaked. He was helped into a sitting position and handed a glass of water, which he thankfully drank. "And how, exactly, do you know I didn't curse anyone?" Voldemort asked softly. "Because you would have used the Cruciartus curse and that always bleeds through when you're angry. I'm not feeling the effects of the spell so you didn't do it," Harry explained. He ignored the sudden quiet from his fellow wizards as he ran through a mental check list. The potion residue that was in his mouth when he woke up and the lack of dizziness or headache told him that his concussion was probably fixed. Anything else that happened hadn't left side effects so he figured that he was fine. "If you can manage it try to rest for the remainder of the day. Otherwise you are fine, beyond what my colleague had already found and set treatment for," the on site healer told them, checking over his medical files again. "You are free to leave with your companions as long as you stay with them in case of a relapse. Your file indicates that both are aware of your current health and the healing plan so I wont go over it again." They watched as the healer calmly left the infirmary, belatedly realizing that they had been dismissed. "Brat, don't scare us like that," Severus admonished softly as he helped Harry get to his feet. The healer hadn't bothered undressing him so the Gryffindor was still in his current set of shrunken Dark Lord clothes. Voldemort mentally sighed in both relief and irritation as he contemplated getting his panthers a few quick outfits until he could sort them out properly. Just because he liked them clothed in something of his as another claim of ownership and protection didn't mean the pair weren't in need of their own things. It didn't take the trio long to find themselves in front of Voldemort's account manager after that. "May your vaults over flow and the blood of your enemies soak the ground," Voldemort offered politely as he ushered his two panthers into seats. "May your gold grow and your enemies tremble at your name," the goblin offered with a grin. "How may Gringotts help you this day?" "I need to add these two to my family and certify the family bond we established a few days ago. There can be no risk that they will ever leave my protection and, if necessary, guardianship," Voldemort explained. Severus made an indignant noise but a look from the Dark Lord quieted him without further issue. "I will also need an overview of their holdings to go over at a later time. For now, as family head and lord, I want Dumbledore and his Order of the Phoenix banned in any form from taking anything out of their holdings or having access to their properties. Depositing is fine but I also request that everything from that source is suitably checked for tampering. All correspondence should also be routed through Gringotts and checked before being sent on." "But!" Harry protested. "My friends!" "This is to keep you safe," Voldemort pointed out. "It isn't about stopping you from sending letters or receiving them but instead stopping things that would hurt you or remove you from safety. It wouldn't surprise me to find out that Dumbledore implemented similar measures when you were younger and has simply not removed them beyond adding exceptions for your friends. If he hadn't you would have been buried under gifts and mail mixed with dangerous curse carrying and poison laced letters. It also wont surprise me if we discover that he and his little group have been stealing from your accounts but I suspect that would be more politics than actual malicious intent. We wont know for certain until we go over your accounts and investigate everything. Something that we wont have time to do any time soon. As it stands we will likely have to hire tutors to at least get you through your OWLs. At some point we will need to look into getting you both a back up wand and possibly a different focus, a bracelet perhaps? Something harder to loose and harder to break." "My friends and Sirius are the only ones who ever send me anything... well except for the school and the Headmaster," Harry said quietly. "You did not receive the Gringotts missives for your accounts?" the goblin asked with a fierce frown. This was important not only to the customers but to the integrity of his people! "No and I never really got to hold my vault key... is that important?" Harry asked cautiously. From the way everyone else immediately scowled it bloody well was important! "I want an audit on their accounts, hidden and public, as well as any account they may have potential access to," Voldemort ordered tightly. "You can't!" Severus started to argue only to cut himself off at the glare he received from the Dark Lord. "~I don't think you quite understand. I claimed you. Not just as family but as more. As far as I am concerned neither of you will ever again have secrets from me and I will discover anything I don't already know. Your accounts, along with discovering anyone who has messed with them, are included in this,~" Voldemort hissed succinctly. There was no point in letting the goblin overhear this after all and it was time to lay out his current intentions to the pair of them. "~I will touch you, platonically, when I please and you will both sleep in my bed until such time as you marry a suitable spouse. I am highly possessive and it is not a trait that I am willing to curb when it comes to anyone I see as mine. I expect you both to speak up if you disagree with something or if you are being harmed by something, even me. The joint sleeping arrangements and random touching are as non-negotiable as my protection of both of you. Unless it is unavoidable I have no intention to return you to the old man's clutches. Dumbledore will not reach either of you ever again if I have my way.~" Harry gulped at his serious tone but couldn't hide his bewilderment over being wanted. Yes, he could understand being used, he rather expected it to various degrees by this point. He could even understand doing things for him out of friendship... but this claim? This need to protect him? Even with the soul thing involved? He just couldn't understand it. Between the Dursleys and always being shoved to the front line in a fight or fighting for his life every year this idea of a... safe haven with actual caring adults was foreign to him. Severus winced mentally at seeing the lost look on Harry's face. If the brat's only experience with actual care was the Mutt, Molly Weasley, and his friends... well Black wasn't sane and he is a Black complete with the family madness. Molly? Her "affection" manifested more as unbreakable orders and attacks that threatened to suffocate the recipient rather than provide an actual hug. Then too Ronald seems determined to keep their Imp completely isolated... possibly on Dumbledore's orders. No, it was clear to him that Harry needed them for more than just practical protection. "~Our Imp might just need that, aside from the medical concerns,~" Severus grudgingly admitted. "~I, on the other hand needed to keep secrets to simply stay alive. I no longer know what might kill me out of all the secrets I hold.~" "~Then it is high time you shared,~" Voldemort glowered before turning back to the waiting goblin, reiterating what was to be done next. "They are both to be added to my family. We need to certify the family bond that was enacted several days ago and, for your records, record the fact that they are under my protection. Audit their accounts and report on the results but do nothing until instructed unless dictated by your own laws. I want a chance to destroy any threats properly and that may necessitate allowing them to continue to dig their own graves for a time." "Understood," the goblin said unhappily, making a note about not stopping the thieves immediately but also notably more cheerful at the thought that they could apply goblin law. "~If it will aid... I will accept the gender change and blood adopt Harry as well,~" Severus offered in a pained tone of voice and a grimace. The parseltongue slipping from his lips in a quiet hiss as the goblin fetched the needed paperwork to confirm their family. "~I know you don't object to the imp as your son so it must be the gender swap,~" Voldemort chuckled maliciously. Severus glared but didn't argue the point. After all he knew better than most that it would be permanent and very complete. If he wasn't careful his fellow Death Eaters would get... grabby. Not that some didn't need to be cursed any way for the same reason prior to this but it had been handled. This time Severus might not be so lucky. "~I will not require it... for now,~" Voldemort hissed in a smug tone that told Severus his... offer had been a good idea. After all offering showed his dedication and the lack of need for it to actually happen. This time there were no objections as they signed the paperwork. Voldemort planned to cuddle with them a great deal once they got home. Although, they still had the Emergency Wizengamot meeting to get through before he could curl up with them in bed. *+ovo+* A/n: Alrighty then! Let us all thank musey for cooperating without too much fuss for this chapter! The current plan is to address Dumbledore as the opening act of the Emergency meeting. This may change depending on how much of a brat Musey happens to decide to be. Again, please feel free to offer up ideas for everyone's accounts, heritage, holdings, and accomplishments with the same for any past family. Other ideas are also welcome even if they don't currently fit in the story. After all I can always reshape part of the plot to fit them later! Especially, if Musey really likes them! ^.^
A/n: Okay, a little background building and then Dumbledore! *+ovo+* Minerva McGonagall frowned over the last report she was checking for one of the Aurors that happened to be a part of the Order of the Phoenix. As deputy to both the School and the Order there were things she had to deal with on a regular basis. Thankfully Moody handled most of the Order business as Albus' primary combat lieutenant. She had insisted that she had too many jobs as it was to run both those of the order on sensitive missions as well as being a prime public contact point. Unknown to all she was also a part time Unspeakable stationed as part of security for high risk and high ranked students at the school. Among her official charges as an Unspeakable was Harry Potter (Wizarding Hero), Susan Bones (Niece to Law Enforcement Department Head), Draco Malfoy (son of a Magical Lord), and Justin Finch-Fletchly (Son of a Muggle Lord and high ranked Judge) to name a few. By accident she had figured out that several other teachers were also Unspeakables: Filius Flitwick, Argus Filtch, Rolanda Hooch, and Aurora Sinestra. She had also realized that young Harry was also on the watch list for Filius Flitwick as both an Unspeakable and a part goblin representative of the Gringotts Nation. Thinking back to just after the disastrous Hogsmeade visit made her remember exactly how angry she was with Dumbledore. It also reminded her of the highly selective staff meeting afterwards. -oOVOo- -oOVOo- Flashback "Minerva? Where is Mister Potter?" the small part goblin professor asked carefully as the last of the students hurried past the waiting staff into the safety of the castle. Minerva could only give him a grave look. "Shall I grab the Counters team or send out a call for the Headmaster's Bird Club?" Professor Sinestra offered her obviously distressed colleague softly. "I will inform the... Bird Club later. Call the team... one of our students has been legally remanded into the current Dark Lord's custody," Minerva answered somewhat woodenly. "The rest of the students need to report to their common rooms. Their remaining meals will be served there. Tell Umbridge, assuming that she is even in the castle, that we are discussing something a student did which is interfering with the wards and acting to fix it. After all we can't call in a Wardmaster without the Headmaster and the Governors signing off on it." The soft cursing in various languages did nothing to comfort the nearby lingering students or the staff who were not members of the unofficial "Disaster Squad". Three hours later, the mixed group of undercover protectors sat in stunned silence after having watched the entire confrontation using the projective enchantment on the School's pensive. A pensive that Dumbledore frequently pretended was his personal property and thus not available for school use. "Did you honestly not know him?" Filus asked as he studied his colleague. "It took me time but I did, in fact, figure out who he was," Minerva admitted. "The tip off was that he called me Minerva so familiarly and that he was assessing me as if he was fully aware of my dueling style. The assessment, however, noted a former weakness from school that I have since fixed. His eyes also looked for a protective amulet that I used to keep on my belt as a student. From these clues and from a brief memory of seeing the back of the enchanted diary that young Harry destroyed in his second year I can only conclude that the Dark Lord was one of my schoolmates, Tom Riddle." "Well I can tell you just from that memory alone that he is more stable now than during the last war," Argus Filtch offered up with a scowl. He had been a front line fighter during several fights but had always used something to hide his face. As a result his appearance as a "squib" looking for a job combined with his unusually high talent for wandless magic made him a perfect shoe-in for the nasty castle caretaker position. "Does anyone know about the protection that Severus offers Mr. Potter? I couldn't understand the Parseltongue, of course, but we might get a better idea of what he was instructed to swear if we knew the other oath," Aurora inquired thoughtfully. "Vow," Filus corrected. "The original was an Unbreakable Vow. You could tell by the coloring. As long as Severus is able to protect Mr. Potter they will both survive this. Also, I will need some way to know Mr. Potter's warrior status to get any significant aid from my cousins. Something which you have denied me previously." "I didn't, Dumbledore did," Minerva shot back, just as irritated over the lack of detailed answers over the years as her colleague. "We can ask them when we get them back and we will get them back," Aurora said pointedly. "For now... the Dark Lord legally and magically holds them hostage with some unknown deal made by both of them to protect the students and possibly the staff." "This has to be reported," Rolanda Hooch said firmly. "I realize that we all have other charges but we also all have Potter on our list for various reasons. Minerva acted as witness and thus helped seal the deal, protecting our charges and our lost boys. At this point we can only do damage control and hope that the parts of the deal we can't understand aren't too horrendous or that we can help them get out of it. Fudge is an idiot but we still have to report in. It is, as the muggles say, above our pay grade." "Watch Poppy," Minerva warned. "None of us have figured out yet if she is actively colluding with anyone, incompetent, bribed, bound by something be it magic or threat, or oblivated. Severus was always our official medical back up whether he realized it or not. I refuse to loose any of the children, special charges or not, to something that could have been prevented or fixed." That ended the meeting. By morning their reports would be in the hands of the Unspeakables and the goblins. End Flashback -oOVOo- -oOVOo- Minerva grimaced at the next memory which detailed her rather sharp chewing out in polite, official, terms. Something which had then been followed by a "good job, next time try to keep the kid safe inside your area of further protection". If wasn't long before she was back to playing the loyal deputy to the Defeater of Grindelwald... even if it did make her feel sick to play the part from time to time. Dumbledore, having gotten back to Britain the night before the Emergency Meeting, stalked furiously down the Ministry corridors in the direction of the Grand Meeting Hall. He was absolutely enraged when he had discovered the official notice for the meeting and the flat statement that it was a call to all magical leaders, thus granting all attendees safe passage and amnesty under the old magics meant to protect all of them in times of great danger. Voldemort would be there and he would be unable to do anything about it. At least, Dumbledore thought, Harry was safely at Hogwarts and wouldn't be drawn into this mess though it was his right by blood and magic to attend. Minerva McGonagall had said something had come up while he was out of the country but that Madam Bones had officially handled it. Dumbledore, distracted by the meeting notice, had promised to review everything after the meeting, brushing her off. Minerva had been visibly displeased but unknown to her employer she had already handled the Order Members and was ready to rip him a new one. After all Harry might be legally and magically protected by the deal she had stood as witness for but the Headmaster's unhealthy interest in her student had been noticed by the woman. She had also noticed his marked disregard for Harry's mental and physical well being over the years. This? This was just the last straw. As far as she was concerned Severus was now Harry's primary guardian and caretaker, damn the official paperwork! If she was lucky she would be able to talk both younger wizards into letting her help. In the end, Dumbledore left for the ministry without ever realizing that he had completely lost control of his Deputy, his pet Potions Master, and his young weapon. The Grand Meeting Hall had been designed by Merlin and King Arthur for balls, galas, international meetings, and the rare times when all of Magic or the entire Realm was at stake. It had many protections but it answered first to royal blood in case of mass rebellion. The current Royal family hadn't set foot inside the hall since the Statute of Secrecy had been enacted when an official split, kept secret, between the Magical and non-magical branches of the Royal Family had occurred. The Magical branch had been purposefully hidden within many loyal pureblood lines, blood adopting all of the magical royal children at the time as instructed long ago by Merlin. A family secret to protect the realm both by magic and by law. Rough hewn stone greeted the observer with equally rough carved runes that glowed with eldritch power. Carved stone benches and various wooden seats lined the hall for those attending to such serious business as that which opened the hall for use. Dumbledore watched over the hall with a mix of disgust at those assembled and smug knowledge. Knowledge that he only needed to declare one or more of them as dark to Harry and the public to see them destroyed... or so he thought. Any observer would only see his grandfather act and that was the way he liked it! "Come to order please! Come to order!" a scribe announced as the doors shut, linking with ancient wards to protect the room and its occupants. Dumbledore quickly found his seat and happily ignore the water beetle shaped reporter that he had allowed to catch a ride on his robes from the Atrium. Rita Skeeter was going to have a field day and if Dumbledore played it right she would happily crucify any opponent he happened to have in this very hall. Once everyone was seated Dumbledore was surprised to note that Madam Bones and several Aurors were putting the final touches on various materials to share or present. Taking a quick glance around the room he realized that the stupid woman had called a full magical court of every species and people that she could reach. His heart sinking Dumbledore could only think of one thing that would let her issue the call for such a meeting without first going through him and the Minister. The entire magical world faced a threat that could wipe them out down to the last. Glancing around again at those summoned for the apparent presentation Dumbledore nearly had a heart attack! What the devil was young Harry doing here with Severus at the side of the Dark Lord no less?! *+ovo+* A/n: Fury to come anyone? Ideas on what technologies and history events they should be panicking over?
A/n: Right, so this took some doing... I opted to stick with just population and bombs being spelled out for the shock factor. Enjoy! *+ovo+* Harry looked around the truly massive rough hewn hall with glowing runes and spellwork creating a rainbow of colors scattered across the stone of the walls and ceiling. He was seated off to one side with Severus while Voldemort joined the mixed group of Aurors and Unspeakables as they set up the presentation, correcting a few things here and there. Harry could only guess that the Dark Lord had been invited to help by the note he had received when they had arrived. It was the only reason he could come up with that had the unstable wizard directing them to a protected seating area and then leaving them there. "Let us begin," the announcer person stated. What followed was Voldemort outlining the fact that his entire campaign had been both a wake up call and a test to see if the magical world could handle the abrupt collapse of the Statute of Secrecy. "As informative as this is," a voice rumbled from one of the Vampire representatives. "Why, exactly, did you feel the need to even start this... test? Also why did you call all of us here?" "Because of the threat the muggles as a whole present," Madame Bones informed them all white faced. "Some, if not all, of you have heard of the raid and stand off at Hogsmeade where in the Dark Lord took custody of Potions Master Severus Snape and his student Harry Potter. At that time the initial reason for the raid was derailed when young Mr. Potter offered a deal to ensure the safety of those captured. The deal was struck and magically witnessed." "The deal was also performed in Parseltongue and became even stronger as a result of being agreed upon using a magical language to negotiate," Voldemort added. "After both of them entered my custody certain things came to light which have perforce placed them under my permanent guardianship and protection as certified by the Gringotts Nation. At the time of the raid, as a courtesy for not making things worse than they had to be, I directed Madam Bones to the information on the muggles that had sparked the reason for my test of our community. Simply put? Muggles have a population of over 7 billion where as, counting all intelligent magical species, we only have a population of perhaps 1% which equates to roughly 70 million sentient magicals of all known species. If we limit the numbers to just humans... its closer to a 10,000 to 1 ratio. It is also a large part of the reason why my attacks against the muggle population were largely ignored despite their and our media picking up on it. There are too many of them to kill but our abilities will immediately be seen as a threat as they were during the days of the witch burnings. This to say nothing of their current ability to destroy entire cities with bombs. I would like to direct your attention to the results in London, Bristol, Cardiff, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Southampton, Swansea, Birmingham, Belfast, Coventry, Glasgow, Manchester and Sheffield during the blitz of the war with Grindelwald. I would also direct you to the devastation of the nuclear incident at Chernobyl as well as the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan. These happened during the war with Grindlewald which the muggle world calls the Second World War." The pictures projected magically into the air of the various locations, many of them from muggle history books or library archives showed the devastation and loss of life. "What?!" the Gringotts Bank director croaked out into the shocked silences several seconds later. "My fellow magicals, I lived through the London Blitz every summer during my Hogwarts schooling, always denied a place of safety simply because I was an orphan. This devastation among our peoples is what I am trying to prevent!" Voldemort announced harshly. "Yes, I attacked our peoples but I first tried to warn you. Instead I was blocked and banned for 'being dark' to the point that I could only get a job in a run down shop off of Knockturn Alley. It was at that point, when no one would listen that I turned to find alternate ways to make the threat at least visible so that we had half a chance at surviving what will come. It was made clear to me that the only way to get you to see the threat was effectively a couple of stinging hexes to various rear ends. During the process of applying those hexes several rituals I had performed over the years came back and bit me on the arse. As such by the time I went after the Potters I was utterly insane. Some of the damage has been repaired but as you can see from my appearance the healing is as yet incomplete. One of the things I requested at the end of the Hogsmeade raid was a chance to present my evidence to, at the very least, the Wizengamot. I limited myself to asking for the Wizengamot because I honestly thought that I couldn't get an entire conclave convened to hear about the threat we now face." "Of the techniques we have found that the muggles now have the Statute is barely holding. As it is more to do with the fact that the highest levels of their government are helping us that we have not been exposed," Madam Bones said bluntly. "We are exposed and have been for some time. It is only the general public which is unaware of us. Something which has been allowed to continue to avoid mass panic." "A gun can kill faster than a wand can be drawn. This has been a fact since I was a child and their weapons have only improved as have their detection ability and security measures," Voldemort told them all flatly. "You need to return Mr. Potter to his family," Dumbledore announced. "The rest of this is nothing but scare tactics. The muggles have nothing to fear from us. They will welcome our return with open arms. "Look at the families of the muggleborn! They are delighted to have magical children! We must continue to trust in the integrity and understanding shown by these muggle families. Even Mr. Potter's loving family show that we have nothing to fear from being open with muggles." The incredulous looks aimed at the Headmaster for his open delusion. Harry, observing all of this critically, decided to take a little revenge. It wasn't like they didn't need to know about this any way but he knew telling these people this was going to emotionally hurt him. So the only way he could, for now, rationalize sharing it without having ever discussed it with anyone else was teenage revenge even if that little voice in the back of his head said he really just wanted answers. "If they were so loving then why did I spend the first ten years under there care stuffed in a cupboard? Treated like a House Elf with barely a cup of soup or a slice of bread each day?" Harry's question to Dumbledore rang out across the hall, silencing the hall in an instant. "Explain to me how you can condone the beatings, the refusal to even allow me a name? Explain to me why I have been used a toy, a thing rather than a living being? Explain to me why, as your supposedly favorite student, I am denied medical treatment when something happens until you have dragged every scrap of information on it out of me!" Severus couldn't wait, he literally couldn't help himself, he gathered Harry into his arms. Glaring at the rest of the room he brought his son back into the protection of his arms. His magic, answering an unheard call, flowed into a shimmering shield that wrapped protectively around the pair. Even if he hadn't known the imp would say something the content was disturbing enough that he was willfully indulging the new parent bond with his brat. The fireworks, after all, were about to start. "A CUPBOARD?!" Voldemort's voice carried his fury clearly across the hall. It was clear in his tone that he wasn't just referring to the cupboard but to all of it with cupboard being a representative of it all. The open fury had Harry immediately clutching at his scar from the pain flowing down the link even as he let Severus drag him to a slightly safer location in the room yet within easy reach for the Dark Lord. The former Spy's magic never faltered as it fueled the shield around them. Severus, on the other hand, was remembering even as they moved that he had bypassed the pink bitch yesterday who had also hurt his brat. He couldn't understand why he had forgotten being shown the blood quill marks during the raid and then the listing of it on the healer's report. The earlier urgency to get Harry to a Healer was understandable and helped avert a bloodbath. Severus could only consider the missed opportunity as a bit of a disappointment. Although he knew that by the time the Dark Lord remembered about the vicious bitch her death would be assured despite being in Ministry custody simply because of the damage she had done to Harry. The abuse and the cupboard was something that could be handled later... Dragging his wandering mind back to the issue and task at hand Severus stared looking for a better spot to keep his son protected in if a battle broke out. He was, however, surprised by the open fury on many of the faces in the room. It seemed that his son was getting extra support from his little outburst. "I am not a be-damned blade!" Harry was shouting at the old man. "I am not a weapon to be forged and sharpened!" Severus realized that he must have missed something important. Well his imp always did have a way of getting under people's skin so no surprise there. He would just have to review his memory of the event later, when they were back safely behind a great many powerful wards. "Placing you there was for the greater good and they are your family," Dumbledore said soothingly. "I suppose that you think repeatedly sending me back to the orphanage in the middle of the London Blitz with no recourse to go elsewhere was also for the greater good?" Voldemort sneered. "Never mind that the staff and nearby priests had repeatedly tried to kill me, had me exorcised as a demon, and that the only way I had any kind of safety in that blasted place was to terrify the other orphans into leaving me alone! To say nothing of the utter destruction of the bombs falling all across the city or the lack of funding to even feed and clothe us." "Was it for the greater good that you kept sending me back to my father who would frequently try to beat the magic out of me? Was it for the greater good that you allowed Black to set a werewolf under the influence of the full moon with no potion on me in fifth year? Was it for the greater good that you encouraged those four to literally torture me all throughout my school years?!" Severus growled in fury. It was only his arms still wrapped around Harry that kept him grounded in his rage at that moment. He had to protect his imp. Revenge could come later once his temper was down to a simmer rather than at a dangerous boil and ready to explode if the old goat answered wrongly. "But of course," Dumbledore said, looking at him as if he were stupid and disappointed by that stupidity. The rumbles of shock from the assembled people were ignored by those involved in the discussion "You are insane," Harry said with incredulity. "I was very pointedly told that I should have died with my parents and that everyone with magic should be killed by my relatives! The only reason I even made it to Hogwarts alive is because of my magic and some letter you sent them! I would have been dead any way without my magic even though they tried to beat it out of me!" "You are exaggerating. I am very disappointed in you for lying to these important people young man," Dumbledore rebuked him. Harry flinched backward into Severus' arms. The low growl of fury from the former Spy the only thing helping him stand tall and glare right back into the eyes of the man who had made himself out to be his protector and savior. "How many of us have you sent back into danger?!" Voldemort demanded harshly. "How many students never returned because you sent them back to their abusers or sent them into other danger?! I know from my own memories that at least 30 of my own classmates never returned from London because of the Blitz. You have led the magical peoples astray and now we face potential extinction because of your policies and actions!" "~As a distraction from this mess so that we don't loose out tempers... do you want to know how I became able to speak the tongue of snakes?~" Severus offered his charge. Allowing the hissing language to echo across the hall and visibly startle the old goat as he stared in open shock at his former Potions Master. "~Yes please,~" Harry agreed quickly. "~I need a distraction or I will try to kill him.~" "~Believe me, the feeling is mutual,~" Voldemort agreed as he opted to join the pair and force his temper back under control. "Now see here! That language just proves your evilness!" Dumbledore exclaimed in outrage. "At least Mr. Potter is young enough to be led away from such foulness! I demand that you unhand him at once and return him to my custody as his magical guardian!" "You are no guardian of mine!" Harry snarled at him. There was a distinctive snapping sensation as whatever unknown magic bound Harry to the old man broke in front of the entire assembly. The flare of Harry's magic rose, coaxing out the magic of his fellow Parselmouths and twining with them before subsiding, displaying the recently formed family bond to briefly shine undeniably across the hall. "You bound his MAGIC?! Are you bloody well insane?! It would have eventually killed him!" Severus bellowed. Handing Harry off to the Dark Lord he stalked towards his employer, drawing his wand in an open rage. "It was necessary and for the greater good!" Dumbledore declared piously as Severus was grabbed by his new family and held back while the trio glared at the old man. Severus, not wanting to hurt his son or his Lord, refrained from forcing himself free to continue his attack. Opting to let them pull him back into the safety of their arms and the magic shield he had instinctively created earlier to protect Harry. The shield had a calming influence on all three of them, helping them to avoid attacking the old man over the revealed wrongs done to them. "Right, Gringotts has heard enough from the insane one. His actions have harmed the nation and as such all assets will be seized in recompense. I recommend to this body that the insane one, born Albus Brian Dumbledore, be executed for attempted assassination of all magical peoples," the goblin representative declared. "We refrain from acting and simply killing him now out of the warrior respect for this body and those various clans and peoples they represent. Wizarding Dark Lord we of Gringotts would be happy to review your raids and a full listing of your original goals with the eye to an alliance in keeping our peoples protected. We will be contacting the local muggle leaders with a similar offer to begin talks in an attempt to avoid an unwinnable war as well as possibly arrange for our young warriors to be blooded on the battle field or at least in a decent arena match against some of their own. We do however request a full accounting of the Hogwarts incidents from Mr. Potter to properly accord him his warrior ranking and a time to judge his combat skill. Wand Warrior and Charms Master Flitwick has never been able to gain a proper accounting for us due to the insane one's interference. We also would like to offer the young warrior a chance to speak to our combat recovery experts that they may aid in healing any mind injury that occurred from those combat incidents." Dumbledore looked around at those assembled belatedly remembering where he was only to see various looks of horror, disgust, and fury aimed at him. He decided to retreat with what dignity he retained and never saw the stunner hit him from behind. A stone faced Amelia Bones followed her attending Aurors as they first knocked out and arrested the Defeater of Grindelwald. "You are hereby arrested for child endangerment and child abuse by proxy," Amelia Bones informed the unconscious man with open fury. "If I didn't think it would violate my oath of office to uphold our laws I would kill you right now." "Why?" one of the representatives asked, reminding her of her own audience. "If he did this to Mr. Potter, Master Snape, and the Dark Lord - probably causing him to become the Dark Lord - then the stories my niece brought home, no matter how incomplete, of Mr. Potter's exploits take on a far more dangerous tone. I will need copies of Mr. Potter's memories for the same evaluation as the goblins but also to bring formal charges against any who have risked the lives of our children," Madam Bones informed them. "The only reason I don't officially request them now is that I don't want them to be thrown out. I will have a subpoena shortly for official copies of the involved memories and testimony just as soon as I can get a judge to sign off on it." "Get one for my memories as well... birth name Tom Marvolo Riddle," Voldemort offered with a grimace over his birth name. "I may no longer be at risk of being charged due to the rebirth ritual which largely returned my sanity but you deserve to be able to officially close any open cases that I have answers for." "You have my thanks," Madam Bones inclined her head stiffly. She would never like the man who had ordered the death of her brother and sister-in-law but she could respect him and his attempts to sort out the mess of his campaign while protecting their world. The results of his insanity were unfortunate but it was clear that he was trying to fix or at least heal the damage done. She would give him a chance and pray that she didn't regret it. "Are there any plans to deal with this? Obviously discounting anything Dumbledore came up with?" Lord Lucius Malfoy, attending as the Head of House Malfoy, asked. The sneer aimed in the direction of the downed Headmaster was accompanied by many and varied glares across the hall. "I submitted a number of possible plans to Madam Bones when I sent her the health certificate for Potions Master Snape and Mr. Potter as well as my own sanity certificate. I wanted no possible mistakes so the healer that checked us came from Gringotts," Voldemort announced. He hadn't really wanted to admit that his sanity had been checked but it gave weight to his previous condition of insanity and a good reason why he was suddenly far more reasonable. "I thought Nagini called the healer?" Harry pondered aloud. Voldemort twitched at that pronouncement and proceeded to ignore the comment. Those wizarding family heads who also happened to be his followers noted his reaction and lack of response with great interest. It seemed to them that Nagini had a greater amount of influence with their lord than they had guessed and that both Potter and Snape's position had changed within the Dark Faction. "In the coming days messages will be sent out to inform all of you as to what the new potential emergency protocols will be. We will also entertain suggestions from those assembled here which do not include 'kill all the muggles' or similar," Madam Bones announced. "A packet of techniques and weapons used by muggles will be created and distributed along with the finalized emergency plans. This will be created with the aid of muggleborns, who have lived with muggles their entire life, and the Dark Lord as well as a selection of Lords. Should any of the other races represented here wish to also participate we would welcome their involvement. Until this crisis is solved or at least the risk reduced to something manageable all other over riding ministry business will likely take a backseat. We can fight about the current laws and the like after the risk of us all dying is reduced or eliminated. Thank you for attending this emergency Conclave and I apologize for Dumbledore's insanity as he has probably managed to hide it for a very long time. We should have caught it long before now." "Gringotts accepts the Ministry apology but will expect better understanding between the goblin nation and the British Ministry in the future to avoid this happening again. You get one chance to prove you were not planning the deaths of our people as a whole," the goblin representative warned firmly. "The Vampire Covens also accept the apology with the same caveat," the Vampire representative added. "As do the Centaur Herds," the centaur representative announced. This lead to the Leprechauns, Dwarves, Dryads, Merpeople, Sirens, Harpies, Veela, and various foreign representatives to make similar comments. Voldemort and his two panthers didn't stay long after that as the meeting officially ended. He had to get them in proper clothes laced with protective enchantments after all. They could keep using his own wardrobe for only so long. He was completely unaware of Rita Skeeter's presence at the meeting and thus would receive a nasty shock from the next morning's paper along with the rest of the wizarding world. *+ovo+* A/n: Okay, that was a rough chapter to write... I think going light next chapter might be a good idea... Shopping anyone? Or should we go with a review of Harry's yearly adventures? How about setting people after the Dursleys? Or should we wait on that until Gringotts at least gets copies of Harry's memories? Should we have Voldy be stubborn and start his soul healing early? Other ideas are very welcome! I'm editing/posting this while tired so I might have missed an idea route... Also for those who found the messed up version of this chapter... its fixed?
A/n: Shopping trip is undecided but many of you seem to want me to write it or at least something that is a part of it so I will seriously sit down and think about it. For those few who hate the idea of a shopping scene I will try to make it at least somewhat entertaining should I go that route. *+ovo+* "You've pushed too hard," were the first words that Severus spoke to the Dark Lord once they were free of the hall and headed out of the area. "Are you saying I should have left them ignorant when I finally have them listening?" Voldemort asked in a softly dangerous tone. "I am saying that, medically, this event was too much for both of you. Anything you planned for the rest of the day will have to wait," Severus corrected. "Both of you need rest, Harry more than he is willing to admit and you more than anyone aside from Nagini can force you to admit. Both of you are flagging after today's events. I'll take whatever punishment you want for the back talk as long as both of you are in bed for the night within the hour. None of us have been following the Healer's orders today and it is showing." Voldemort growled under his breath but a closer look at Harry proved Severus' point. Not bothering to give the various assembled Aurors and Ministry personnel they passed the time of day he swept his two family members, still officially his captives, through the floo and back to Malfoy Manor. Nagini and her assigned house elf Misty took one look at the trio before bundling them into bed. Grumpily Voldemort allowed it as he settled in with both of his fellow wizards in his arms. Harry mumbled a bit but didn't fight and even Severus' own grumbling didn't deter the Dark Lord. All in all, Voldemort was glad that he had not only left the glamours off once they failed due to his temper when facing the pink bitch but also that he had allowed them to be sent to bed early. It had been a very long time since he had actually cared for another human being and he would have to be careful not to mess up with his two panthers. Failure was not an option. "~Stop brooding! Sleep!~" Nagini scolded as she settled protectively at the foot of their bed. Tomorrow would come as it would. The next morning they were faced with a Daily Prophet special edition that made Harry immediately cringe. Headlines included but were not limited to: BOY-WHO-LIVED, DARK LORD, & EVIL POTIONS MASTER ABUSED?! DUMBLEDORE ADMITS TO ENDANGERING OUR CHILDREN! DUMBLEDORE ARRESTED FOR CREATING THE DARK LORD! MUGGLES NOW ABLE TO DESTROY LONDON WITH ONE STRIKE! MUGGLES OUT NUMBER US 10,000 TO 1! DARK LORD WORKING WITH BOY-WHO-LIVED TO SAVE US ALL?! Most of which were authored or co-authored by Rita Skeeter. "I am going to kill her," Severus announced with a sort of forced calm that made Harry actually believe they would be finding her dead body as soon as his father got the chance to produce it. "She's a water beetle animagus," Harry offered after a minute or two of consideration. "That," Voldemort said very deliberately as he overly calmly sliced into his sunny side up eggs, making them bleed yoke. "Explains much." "How exactly did you discover her form?" Severus inquired while slicing into his morning ham. "Hermione," was Harry's only answer as if that were enough and indeed for the potions master it was. Grumbling about bushy haired know-it-alls as Harry snickered the former spy returned to his breakfast. Voldemort made a mental note to have some of his follower's children actually look into the girl. Maybe set some of the Ravenclaws on it? It was something to think about later. Today they had to sort out wardrobes for both his panthers and possibly retrieve some of their personal things from Hogwarts. Hopefully Minerva would be reasonable about fetching or allowing them to fetch those things... hopefully. "~You do not object to my Tom calling you panthers... why?~" Nagini asked unexpectedly. The three parselmouths hadn't even noticed her entering the room, as a result her question startled both Harry and Severus but only caused Voldemort to sigh. "~Because I am one,~" Severus said simply before returning to his part of the daily paper which Voldemort had silently split with him when they first both opted for coffee. Harry was given a choice of tea or various juices when he had arrived at the table and barely spared a glace at the coffee the older two were drinking. "~Animagus?~" Voldemort hissed, intrigued and somewhat smug. His choice to claim them as his was proving even better than he had first thought. Severus inclined his head in acknowledgement before returning to his second cup of coffee. Harry opted not to answer. He really didn't think they would be happy to hear that even with everything between them he was taking the claim to family seriously. Legal and magical bond or not he really wasn't sure, despite the various ways they told him, that he was really wanted for himself. Although the news that Severus was a panther animagus quickly chased away those more depressing thoughts in favor of curiosity and mischief. "So not a bat then?" Harry grinned in quiet mirth. The brief shadows of his self doubt fleeing but still noticed by his breakfast companions. "Brat, finish your food and drink your potions," Severus fake scowled at his son. He took his own potions very pointedly and Harry sighed but followed suit with a grimace. The rest of breakfast was fairly peaceful and soothing. Upon reflection Voldemort had to reluctantly agree that Severus had been right the day before, pushing to get the basics purchased would have just hurt all three of them. Percolating in the back of the Dark Lord's mind was the fact that he had never been so content in his life. Subconsciously he wondered if this was a mix of platonic love and the instant recognition normally given to the term "Love at first sight". After all not all love was romantic love now was it? It could be slow or fast, burn brightly or slowly sneak up on those involved, but it was still love. Love doesn't stop you from arguing or fighting with someone, it doesn't stop you from hurting or getting hurt, it doesn't stop you from living. The soul piece from Harry finished the thought across the bond, "Love enhances life and is only devastating when snatched away because of how much strength it provides in the first place. Without some form of love all true strength is lost and all the person is doing is surviving instead of living." Voldemort, unaware as yet of the revelation he had just learned, only felt a weight lifting off of his shoulders. Far away, buried under the brick and mortar and ancient enchantments in the Department of Mysteries a white orb on a shelf went dark before shattering into dust. There was no longer a need for the pair listed to fight for the elder of the two had learned what was needed to live. Forever would they be bound together until God re-ordered the universe yet the actions called for in the prophecy had been completed and the understanding of the ultimate power in all time passed to one thought incapable. Love, terrifying and beautiful, the essence of God Almighty had settled into the battered soul of one born Tom Marvolo Riddle. *+ovo+* A/n: I am incredibly tempted to end it here but for the moment I'll work on more for this story.
A/n: Okay, first - Tissue Warning! Second, You can easily tell that I have opted to continue this story. Enjoy! *+ovo+* Nagini watched thoughtfully as her speakers got ready for the day. The way that her Tom and her Harry were acting sluggish and tired worried her but Severus, clever spy that he was, watched the pair with his own wary eyes. Nagini resisted the urge to chuckle or demand that they all get back in bed. Severus wouldn't let them over do it again if he could help it, she knew. The plan was to head to Hogwarts and retrieve the things both of her younger speakers had left behind. Nagini was somewhat glad they had forgotten that sending one of the brownies was possible. After all, the castle had been calling for her Tom since he was quite small and only the old goat had stopped him from living there. Voldemort stumbled as he moved towards his office, immediately drawing Nagini's sharp attention. This would not do! "~Sit! If you are more rested after mid-day meal you may go but the very fact that you are not moving well means more rest!~" Nagini ordered all of them with a hissing growl. "~Nagini!~" Voldemort protested only to unconsciously cause his fellow wizards to realize that he was subtly shaking. "How hard did you push yesterday!?" Harry demanded as he gave in to the urge to just push the older man into a chair. "And why are you the one shaking just to stand if I was the one knocked silly?!" "~Foolish hatchling!~" Nagini hissed in obvious displeasure. From her position on the floor she rose up almost to the height of a full grown man, towering over the now seated Dark Lord. "~Your shaking harms your ability to strike! Neither of the other speakers have been taught yet. They can not yet defend the nest! What did you do? What foe did you fight? Or must I insist on many days in the bed-nest after each outing without me?~" "~I defended us against the ones who would destroy all nests!~" Voldemort snapped. "~The old goat tried to take Harry away and the one in pink who marked his hand tried worse! I will not stand for them being taken from us!~" Nagini regarded him sternly, occasionally scenting the air with her tongue, refusing to return to her prone position on the floor for the moment. "Insufficient rest will encourage others to come for us, mistaken as a rescue attempt or not," Severus warned softly. "Also, why can we not call a house elf from the school to fetch our things instead of risking a violent confrontation with the staff and students?" "The house elves... are not an option due to the binding with the school staff," Voldemort admitted with a grimace. "Using the Malfoy elves is not feasible for the simple fact that its not their territory and within elf society unless you have legitimate reason to be in another elf's territory or household can be bad. Unless the local elves don't like their charges the invading elves can be returned in pieces or not returned at all. This is in large part due to previous historical and quickly stopped attempts by purebloods to use house elves as assassins. I would rather not risk the various consequences of being seen as one who tried to bring back that failed practice. Getting permission first is one thing, sending them in without first clearing it is quite another. Its, quite frankly, simpler to just show up at the castle ourselves and sort out the mess I have made of your previous positions at Hogwarts while retrieving at least some of your things if not all of them. Besides as a statement it would be particularly powerful and ensure that even the children understood I am serious about fixing this... well I am not quite sure what to call it anymore. Campaign? Society? Our World? The Dark Faction? Well you see my point." "Now that you have highlighted the problem you want to prevent panic and get people moving towards an actual solution," Severus summarized, nodding slowly in understanding. The concerns about the house elves were actually a bit more reasonable than he had thought. This was especially true as he had forgotten that he might not count as staff to give permissions to the elves at the moment. Until their official status was sorted, at least in regards to the school, there was an honest concern that they could accidentally activate the school defenses. If they made any attempt beyond an official and completely above board to retrieve their things and/or enter the school it could end in utter disaster. "What if we owl Professor McGonagall first?" Harry suggested. "Besides shouldn't we tell Madam Bones and the Goblins that we will let them look at our memories soon?" "~The healer will be displeased that you have risked yourselves. I am displeased. You are all still hatchlings,~" Nagini hissed with blunt displeasure. "~You do not have any where near as many seasons as I under your scales or did you never wonder why it was so easy to bond with me without even your own body-form?~" Voldemort gaped at his familiar, flummoxed by this new fact about her. "~I have been bonded to you since before you first wailed for food with nothing but pink flesh to bite into prey with. Every wizard of your line has a spirit serpent bound to them yet most never meet them. You were a hatchling that I could not aid for all that you were mine before your birther bled out with you in her arms. I finally managed to merge with a mortal non-magical mother snake that was dying while your soul screamed for aid in that forest,~" Nagini hissed furiously. "~If you think for one striking move that I will let you or the other hatchlings kill yourselves through neglect or idiocy then you are very wrong and need a great deal more time in the bed-nest!~" "How...?" Voldemort asked, completely bewildered. "~How do you think you speak our noble tongue?~" Nagini chuckled as she lowered herself to eye level instead of towering over her unruly hatchling. "~Even those not born with it and bound to a spirit serpent since they first drew breath must have one of us to even speak. Although, more than one can be bound to one spirit serpent as can more than one spirit serpent be bound to a speaker. I made my claim to the three of you, accepted by magic, and any other mortal, immortal, or spirit among the serpents will bow to my rulings as your mother snake. A spirit serpent taking on a physical form is never easy, simple, or without importance. The fact that I am a great many more seasons old than many a being except for the fire-bird can count is but a side effect. I am the one who first granted the gift of Speaking to the line now claimed to Salazar Slytherin. I refuse to see my hatchlings destroyed through pure stubbornness! You will rest and we will revisit the idea of leaving the nest once all three of you stop showing signs of potential collapse, such as shaking.~" "~Yes mother,~" Voldemort said contritely, still floored by the morning's revelations. Nagini scented the air then nodded slowly before settling back on to the flood. She just adored the warming charms in the floor but the warm comfort would not lull her into watching her hatchlings destroy themselves. They would rest, they would heal, or she would bloody well know why! Under the serpent's watchful eye they spent another rest day around the fire in the sitting room reading or doing quiet paperwork. Not a single one of the parselmouths tried to cross the mother serpent that day. *+ovo+* At Hogwarts most of the school was still in a massive amount of shock. The cause stemmed from the reappearance of the Dark Lord, the proof that Potter had been warning them in truth rather than lying, or over the fact that the Dark Lord now held Potter and Professor Snape prisoner. The only people at the school who really knew what had happened during the raid were the Staff members who doubled as Unspeakables and Hermione Granger. Of those in the know Hermione was the only one the school had proper access to that might have understood what had happened for all that there were other witnesses to the oath. Her simple answer when asked? "Harry traded himself for our lives! Haven't you all done enough to him?!" Blaise Zabini, 5th year Slytherin, approached the owlery with a malicious smirk and his proudly displayed Junior Inquisitor badge on his chest. He was the one who had managed to snag Potter's owl the first time for High Inquisitor Umbridge and she had tasked him to keep the owl at the school by any means necessary until she returned. It was just too bad for the beauty that someone (a cousin in the ministry) reported to him that the Savior brat had tried to arrange for his mother's death using his influence. A little mission for his (mafia) family, kill the beloved owl and make the family's displeasure over the clumsy attempt known. Blaise didn't even have to nudge all that hard to get one of Potter's own dorm mates to agree to toss or destroy his things. The crazy Gryffindor Pyromaniac would probably burn them but that was no skin off of the smirking 5th year Slytherin bent on killing Potter's familiar. Hedwig watched warily as the boy wandered into the flyer's domain and looked at her with malice in his heart. If he was looking at her like that then her Harry-chick was in danger! In a flash of white Hedwig flew into his face, clawing at him as she tried to take out his eyes while batting him around the head with her strong wings. Every owl there knew the risk of a wand drawn so when he threw her against the wall and furiously drew his wand, something he had been known to do in the past against the school owls, they struck! A big barn owl slammed into his side as a pair of smaller pygmy owls worked in tandem and snatched away his wand, determined to loose the thing deep in the forest they knew well for food but rarely saw humans in. Hedwig, heavily injured, watched in grim satisfaction as he was driven from their roosting area. Breathing heavily she hoped to see her Harry-chick again but knew that with one wing and several ribs broken she might not last the night. Between the castle cats, unskilled human hands from students and staff alike, and the weather for late October/Early November in the Scottish Highlands few owls injured so badly would survive without aid. Hedwig would fight to live as long as possible for her Harry-chick but knew that the snapping of the familiar bond would hurt him. If she managed to survive this she would make him find a magic that would let her stay with him always when she wasn't delivering messages. She would also demand a deeper familiar bond, one that went both ways better than the one she had first forged with her human chick. With that pleasant thought Hedwig tried to go to sleep to escape the pain she couldn't even voice. The loyal owl would never wake up again, passing in the night. Her death would cause her Harry to wake up screaming and crying as he felt the familiar bond snap. The Serpent and Slytherins would cocoon him in warmth and love as they exchanged a look of pain on his behalf. Both older wizards knew the pain of loosing a familiar. *+ovo+* A/n: First - don't kill me. Hedwig needed to die for a couple of different reasons. One of which includes giving Harry a new familiar but another, less pleasant, reason is to show how vicious and petty some people can be even if they learn to change later. I wont list the other reasons, instead I'll just inform you that Musey demanded it if we were going to continue the story. Animals, especially ones that bond with humans, are far from stupid even if their understanding of the world around them is so very different from how we understand things. I took no pleasure in killing off Hedwig but her death and other connected events will help weed out the trustworthy students from those who are dangerous for Harry. I am still debating sending him back to the castle and as a result am proceeding with the assumption that musey will insist upon it at some point even if its just for a day. As a result these preparations are necessary for future points in the story.
A/n: This should have been part of last chapter, sorry. *+ovo+* Harry curled into the arms of his new father and Head of the Family. Nagini guarding them, separating them from the doorway and fireplace as potential entrances. "We felt the bond snap as you screamed," Severus finally admitted, hours after Harry had finally stopped crying. "Who would hurt Hedwig?" Harry asked brokenly. "Why? She was just and owl. She was my first gift and my first friend..." "Most would think that she is only a pet because of how young you are but from your reaction she was a true familiar. Her death, if deliberate, will count as an assassination attempt," Voldemort explained quietly. "If you didn't perform the familiar bonding ritual..." "The what?" Harry asked, a glimmer of interest sparking in his eyes. "A natural familiar bond," Severus concluded with a wince. "A natural bond, especially if the starting creature was non-magical or one of those with lower magical levels with a large magical reserve and a powerful bond... Harry, magic might give her back to you," Voldemort whispered in awe. "It could take years, more years than your life, but there is a high chance that she will be re-born as something far more magical and powerful than a simple owl." "Really?" Harry asked with hope starting to shine in his tear stained face. "I had forgotten about that possibility... It takes several important factors, all of which you just told us existed in your bond," Severus said thoughtfully. "Most people can't meet the requirements." Harry was able to sleep soon after that, leaving the others awake to watch over him. "The owl should have arrived nearly the same day we did as his familiar," Severus pointed out roughly, fighting with himself not to do something stupid and possibly wake his son. "Which means she was trapped," Voldemort agreed grimly. "Whether he knew it or not his life has been at risk since her capture by parties unknown. If they kept her in the owlery and he simply didn't try to use her for letters for whatever reason... Harry would never have known. Too many assassination magics can use or require the capturing of a wizard's familiar. The very fact that he isn't dying in our arms means that the owl died on her own terms and not under someone's wand. Find who did this. Use the excuse that we need some of his things and go without us come morning. Hopefully the owl marked the one who killed her." "By law killing a pet is a fine... Killing a familiar is a murder charge," Severus agreed grimly. "I will head to Hogwarts for breakfast. Voldemort watched over Harry as he slept through the morning, unaware that his father was raging through Hogwarts in search of Hedwig's killer. *+ovo+* A/n: So yeah, there is a chance to bring Hedwig back...
A/n: Okay this one got split up a bit and yes, I know this technique is not typical of our Sev but bear with me! After all his new son just got nearly killed right in front of him. *+ovo+* Severus Tobias Snape fumed as he stalked up the pathway from Hogsmeade to the castle entrance. Adopted or not, a long time spent as his son or not, someone had hurt his child! He would find out the perpetrator and they would rue the day they had been born! Deciding on shock tactics and blunt demands Severus stormed into the castle and, upon a mental check of the date and time, into the Great Hall during breakfast without a pause in his stride. "Severus?! What?!" Minerva McGonagall spluttered as she watched her colleague and long time friend stalk into the Great Hall in an overwhelming fury. "Who killed Potter's owl?!" Severus demanded, voice thundering across the hall and quieting all those present. "Severus?" Flitwick inquired carefully. He knew something had gone wrong by the simple fact that Severus was here rather than with young Mr. Potter. "What are the by-laws regarding the murder of a naturally bound familiar?" Severus asked his fellow staff bitingly. Those staff in the hall paled simultaneously. "Oh god!" Minerva whispered into the silence of the hall. "Is he alright?" Aurora Sinestra demanded. Her fellow staff, especially the other under cover members, needed to know this! "We were with him when the bond broke and were able to quickly stabilize his magic as he grieved. I have no doubt that he is still sleeping off what little of it he can. Even with the stabilization if his health had been any worse than it already is he would be dead and so would a large area of magical Britain as his control collapsed with more force than Dumbledore could ever muster," Severus informed them furiously. "Whoever killed his familiar will be facing official charges and possibly the Dark Lord for their idiocy! I doubt their family or the Ministry will argue the point either." "You can't do a thing, sir. It was authorized by the Ministry's High Inquisitor," Blaise Zabini smirked darkly. "Then again considering who my family is I doubt the Dark Lord wants a shadow war, especially with his new... status. Besides, it wasn't a familiar, just a pet - one that drew too much blood as it died." "Stupid as fuck. Even the Gryffs know better!" Malfoy swore as he scrambled away from his brain dead yearmate. The other Slytherins followed suit. It was clear that the idiot didn't realize his power play within the house had just screwed him over. Zabini gloated smugly as the furious Potions Master stalked towards him, unaware that his life was forfeit for the favor to his cousin. He didn't care about the growing upset of his schoolmates, after all he was Heir to the Zabini Lordship and part of the family for one of the powerful Italian mafia bosses. They wouldn't dare touch him and if they did they would find swift, vicious retaliation even if Blaise couldn't do it himself. "Wrong!" Severus snarled as he reached his student only to grab him by the back his shirt and hold him up high like a naughty puppy or kitten. "Severus, unless this attack qualifies as a knowing assassination attempt I can't let you take Mr. Zabini," McGonagall warned with a grimace and an open reluctance to stop her friend. "Even with it being a murder charge due to the owl's familiar status all I can do is call for the Aurors." "Did you receive a copy of our health assessments?" Severus inquired, still glaring at the helpless and disarmed brat that was by now actually starting to look worried. "I haven't had the pleasure... Why?" Minerva asked suspiciously. The majority of the staff got an immediate sinking feeling in their guts when it came to what appeared to be the man's non-sequitur. "The bond with the owl is not the only one the green-eyed imp is sporting to say nothing of the protection oaths I happen to be under," Severus growled. "To say nothing of exactly how... upset the Dark Lord happens to be over the damage the imp suffered from the backlash while in his care with his own oath on the line!" Severus didn't comment that it also counted as an assassination attempt against both Harry and Voldemort because of the soul connection. He would discuss that little gem with his colleagues in private on the off chance that Harry would return to the school for classes at a later time. Minerva closed her eyes briefly in comprehension. The little idiot had nearly killed Harry and Severus on top of murdering Harry's familiar. Then too the protection aspect of the deal in Hogsmeade was nearly voided by the death of the familiar and the backlash from the breaking of the familiar bond! "Which means that Mr. Zabini, regardless of reason, attempted to kill someone who holds life debts for every captured person from the Hogsmeade incident. Assuming we count all of the other times Mr. Potter protected us I dare say he owes Potter a few life debts himself with at least one confirmed as a baby. This means that he has directly caused harm to the debt holder," Flitwick reminded all of the staff. "Actually," Hermione spoke up hesitantly into the grumbling quiet of the hall, drawing all eyes and arresting all movement. "Harry saved everyone from You-Know-Who at least three times since coming to Hogwarts. Didn't Dumbledore tell the staff?" "No, he did not. It is something that is being officially addressed once the paperwork is in order. Expect to be interviewed by the Aurors and Gringotts," Severus said shortly as he eased up on his captive student enough to let him breathe instead of being lightly choked by his tightly gripped uniform shirt. The school robes being gripped supported most of Zabini's weight so there wasn't a real risk of hurting the idiot... yet. "Yes, sir," Hermione acknowledged. She quickly sat back down, having stood up to properly address everyone. Hermione had hesitated to ask if Harry was alright but instead found herself glaring at a mutinous Ron scowling into his food. The prat's hatred of all things Slytherin had flared once again and combined with his jealousy of Harry. Hatred helped along by one yearmate with a need to conjure rum and a knack for fire both boys had, unknown to Hermione, burned Harry's things. Ron had kept a few of the more valuable items and this would be not only his downfall but also that of Seamus Finnigan. "Perhaps this should be discussed away from the students? We should also call the Aurors in any case," Pamona Sprout suggested delicately. She knew that this situation could easily turn dangerous just by glancing at the various upset students and the anger plainly displayed on Severus' features. "Let me see the boy. I'll see to anything wrong with his health and you can collect him after you talk with the others or, if necessary, the Aurors," Madam Pomphrey said with a scowl. Having finally parsed out what the devil they were talking about after not enough rest the night before she hustled over to where Severus still gripped the 5th year firmly by the collar. Severus allowed her to collect his student reluctantly, tossing a stunner at the younger wizard as a precaution. He didn't bother to argue with the glare of disapproval he got back from the Medi-witch in return. It wasn't like Zabini was leaving the grounds without him or an Auror escort and he did have to speak privately with the other staff. Then too he also had to retrieve Harry's things as well as some of his own belongings from his quarters. Unfortunately his suspicious nature found the brat's rescue entirely too convenient. There was also the problem of the brat's act against Harry's familiar being ministry sanctioned. There would be hell to pay when he brought that nugget back to the Dark Lord. Severus allowed himself to be ushered away to one of the staff only areas and settled in with breakfast, complete with his normal unending coffee. His colleagues knew him a bit too well. *+ovo+* A/n: Yes, I know that Zabini is a right little shit without bothering to understand exactly what he's done but I am extremely tempted to give him to our Dark Lord to play with... or stick him in the same cell as Umbridge. She is still waiting on getting dealt with. For those who missed it Fudge is dead and Amelia is holding down her official job as well as the Minister job until they can get someone in place temporarily. The royal magic embedded in the Ministry building was the one to pick her as temporary Minister. Right, next step? Plans for finding what remains of Harry's things then the memories after a day or two of rest. Ideas welcome!
