A/N: Epilogue compliant. The kids are mentioned but they are not in the story - they're all off at Hogwarts. Rated M for smut starting around chapter 5, and also lots of language and talk of death because they're both widows in this fic. Draco is further along in the grieving process but still has some obstacles to overcome and Hermione is still learning how to cope. Expect around 10 chapters and a happy ending. Disclaimer: All characters belong to J. K Rowling. She is standing at a podium and I am in a sea of people, but I can swear she is looking right at me. I feel our eyes lock and something passes between us beyond that old familiar distaste, something equally unpleasant and infinitely more painful. Her curls move in the wind, covering her cheek for a second before she sweeps them to the side and refocuses on her audience with a renewed passion. Maybe I reminded her of why she was speaking out, or maybe I reminded her she's not the only person in the world to feel the boundless pain she woke with that morning. Her audience is captivated by her call to action, and I along with them. No matter how deep her grief, she speaks with the same contagious conviction we've all grown to expect from our Minister, but I can't be the only person in the audience astute enough to see that hallow look in her eye. Unlike the rest, it is that look which captivates me. Ron Weasley has been dead three weeks now. Dead like Astoria. Dead like the fallen fifty. It is everywhere I look, death. I stand among a crowd of corpses in the making; we are all heading rapidly toward that inevitable end and all except the young ones know it, yet they squander their minutes here, waiting for a hopeless woman to give them hope. Sadder than our own fates is watching those around us meet with theirs. I used to believe my worst fear was death and now I know better than that, because living, loving, losing really is the harder path, knowing that the people closest to you may vanish at any moment, and time will just churn the fuck on as if they never even existed. No one was spared from it; not the good, sometimes not even the young. Hermione Granger had made all the right choices, she'd lived a fucking saintly existence and life had still steered her down the same dark pathway, because being good didn't beget a good life. The loss she feels and I feel wasn't the shallow pain of losing a loved one you saw once every week or two, nor was it the brutal but often expected pain of losing a parent. It was the thorough and persistent agony of waking up alone when there should be a warm body beside you; the wretched loneliness of taking meals across from an empty chair. It was knowing that the future you'd carved out for yourself on your wedding day would never fully come to pass. Those we loved would never grow old. They'd never meet their grandchildren. And that warm embrace taken for granted after a decade or more of marriage would never be granted again. I can see Astoria's lifeless body just as clearly as I see the woman and child standing in front of me in the crowd. I feel her as vividly as the cold wind; limp and heavy in my arms; achingly beautiful and completely void of life. I've seen my share of dead bodies, too many to count, but none so haunting as my Astoria. Had she seen Weasley's lifeless body? Had she hugged him and shook him and begged him to come back as I had done? I feel a strong and painful emotion when I meet Hermione Granger's eyes, and though it is a foreign feeling, I recognise it as empathy. I'm not going to pretend to mourn a Weasley, but the feeling grows stronger and stronger every second I stand there. Fuck. I hurt for her. Three days later She resigned from office, effective immediately. I'm surprised at the disappointment that knots itself in my chest. I sort of thought she was stronger than that. Yet I temper my judgement, and imagine navigating this dark pathway with a thousand eyes watching me, knowing that their fate rests in my hands and one poor decision could have devastating effects. Perhaps she wasn't strong enough to keep her head, but perhaps she was strong enough to give up what she wanted for what they needed. Two months later The petite blonde witch in the booth across from me is staring at my near-empty glass like I am some sort of alcoholic. I'm not. I choose to drink because I like to drink, just as I like to smoke and fuck and a million other things that bring pleasure and dull pain. I am not compelled to do it like some fucked up addict. I decide at that moment that tonight will be our last encounter. I don't need some uptight bitch passing judgement on me. She is too young, too fucking perky, and she has no clue about anything. She's never felt any substantial pain, substantial fear, substantial regret. I can sense it in her countenance. She is fond of my money and I am fond of her body, that's where it begins and ends. It almost always does. Potter is two booths over, and though we don't like each other all that much, I can't shake the feeling that I'd much rather be over there, drinking with the mourners. When he goes to the bar, I make up an excuse to follow him. "How's Granger?" I ask. He looks at me suspiciously for a second and then relaxes. I suspect he's thinking of Astoria and that one big thing his good friend and I have in common. I am. "She's not good. She went to Australia, and... I'm not sure she's returning." I'm not certain why, but I feel like I've lost something. I feel remorse, pity, anger. She is running from it. I am still sleeping in the bed Astoria died in and Granger fucking ran. "I'm sorry," I reply. And I am. His golden trio is a distant memory, and he is here in a bar with a stumbling drunk Weasley brother. I'm not sure which one - I honestly can't tell them apart. "I keep hearing that." "Yes well, you should see your face, Potter. It's pretty pathetic." My words have no bite to them. "Voldemort himself would hand you a fucking handkerchief." He laughs. I buy him a drink. One year later I rather like it at the Potter's cottage. It feels like an old jumper. Worn out and ugly, yet warm and comfortable. I feel a similar way about Ginny's cooking. "Well did you shag her or not?" Ginny asks me. "I don't kiss and tell." "Ugh. You always say that right after you shag someone, and right before you dump them." She picks up my dish and sets it in the sink. "You're a slut." "I prefer playboy." That's what she called me last time we had this conversation, a little over a month ago when I broke up with my last girlfriend, if you can call her that. "Can't you decide if you like someone without shagging them? You know, instead of leaving a pile of bodies in your wake?" "A pile of bodies?" "Yes, a heap of beautiful naked crying women, Malfoy. They're all across London." "Europe," Potter adds. I glare at him because he's supposed to be on my side this time. "They ought to form an alliance and rip you to shreds. Like inferi," she makes a scary face and raises her hands like a zombie. "If they're crying, it's because they couldn't get to my Gringotts vault," I reply with a drawl. "You can tell within five minutes if they want your money. Yet you proceed to wine them and dine them and shag them. It's not right and you know it." She's scolding me again, and I'm feeling defensive again. This happens a lot. My grip is tight around my glass, but my smirk is unfailing. "If I don't fuck them, Ginny, how do I know if they're worth the money?" Potter shakes his head. I'm being deliberately crass. "Malfoy, you're going to rot in hell." "And your punishment for all eternity will be a pile of naked crying inferi women eating you alive," Ginny adds. She's adding levity to the situation to prevent an argument, because we can both sense it brewing. It's a tactic that would work fine if I wasn't a complete arsehole who sort of wanted to piss her off. Just for fun. "Yes, well how about a compromise. I'll stop fucking them when they stop offering themselves up." I light a cigarette, because I smoke when I drink. Ginny scowls and casts a charm to keep the smoke off her things. "It's not going to happen of course, because they all like sex as much as I do." I really don't know why they put up with me at all. "They think they're doing it with someone who gives a shite. Draco, I mean it, you've got to stop treating women as you do. It's not right." She's looking at me with a familiar expression that says, 'please, please be a decent person. Don't make me wrong about you.' Shame sets in fully, and I sit with the harsh truth. She's right, I've been callous in my treatment of women lately. I wasn't always like this - I was celibate for a long while after Astoria passed. And with the first few women I dated, I was a true gentleman. But I saw the very worst of witches that first year, and I tossed out all my manners. I run a hand through my hair. "I know. I'm sorry for it." She's still staring at me because it's not good enough. "Alright, I promise. From here out, I'll try to be a gentleman." "Maybe you need to go out with someone your own age," Potter says with a shrug. "Someone with a bit more life experience. Seems like these twenty-somethings are really not working out for you." "I like older women just fine. Prefer them really." I take a drag. "But where the fuck are they? Married with children." I wave my cigarette toward Ginny. "Don't gesture toward my wife." Potter cringes. He thinks I like her a little too much. I probably do. "I'm only making my point. But if she ever left you..." he looks at me like I'd better not say it, so I smile and shut up. Ginny throws a dishrag at my face. "Draco Malfoy!" She's appalled. And flattered. Thirty minutes later, we're laughing about Ginny's new favourite band. The conversation ran its natural course: married women, bitter women, bitter women singing. Bitter women singing horribly. The familiar pop of apparition interrupts our conversation, and a minute later, a predicted knock on the door. It's soft, like the person knocking doesn't really want to do it. I know in my gut who it is before the door opens. They welcome her at the entryway, hugging her and asking her useless questions, most of which she answers with a polite but fake smile. When she sees me at the table, she freezes and her eyes widen. Potter shuffles nervously, and a hand scratches his neck because he had no reason to share with her that we were friends. She lives on another continent. "Granger." She's a Weasley now, even if her husband is dead. I don't care. "Malfoy," she looks at me, at the three glasses on the table that prove we were all drinking together and getting along splendidly, then look at her two friends. "So, yeah... we adopted a Malfoy." Ginny smiles and gestures toward me with open arms, smiling like she acquired a shiny new toy. I really do like her a lot. "He's like a stray pup, you know. All he needed was a little food, affection... a bit of house training..." I roll my eyes. "He does tend to mark his territory," Potter adds with a smile. Granger looks at him like he's lost his mind. "He likes a good scratch on the back," Ginny comes over and scratches me between the shoulders and I smile in spite of myself because she has nails and it tickles. "And he humps anything that moves," she slaps my arm and sits in the chair beside me. "Knock it off," I warn her. It could be funny if Granger wasn't looking at us like we are all completely barmy. Hermione pulls Harry into the next room and I hear them talking quietly. Ginny's eyes flash with some negative emotion I cannot pinpoint as she watches them walk out. "I should go." I scoot out my chair. She shakes her head no. "Stay. Try to get past it. You get along fine with me and Harry." "It's different. She hates me." "If she does it's because you deserved it. You're not that person anymore." I pull out a cigarette and Ginny lights it for me. She enables me when I'm moody and I love it. I look back at Granger through the doorway. "It's hard to reconcile the present and the past sometimes." "She looks miserable," Ginny remarks. "You look miserable." Her eyes shot to mine. "No, me? I'm fine." "Liar." She leans her chin on her hand with a haunted expression and watches me smoke. She's thinking of Ron. Of all those she's loved and lost. I keep her distracted from that pain. That's why she likes having me around. I resent Granger for bringing it back to the surface. Two minutes later, I leave. Three days pass before I return. It is the longest I've gone without coming over in a solid six months. Even then, I only did it because Ginny owled me and told me to stop being such a wanker. She didn't say it but I think she misses me. I miss her too. It might be abnormal and somewhat unhealthy to feel this level of attachment to a married woman, but she's the best friend I've ever had in my life. Potter is a very secure man and I almost admire him for it. She likes quidditch, cooks a damned good meal, and she isn't afraid to speak her mind. She's mourning the loss of her brother and more recently her parents, but she is not broken. She's completely intolerant of pouting, whining or feeling sorry for one's self, and she won't let me succumb to it which is exactly what I need. She's a life raft on a stormy sea. So I come over for a tense dinner and do my best to make small talk with Granger. She's not like Ginny at all. She puts on a brave front, but she is broken and frail and clinging to her grief in a way I can relate to. Her eyes are still as hollow as they were a year ago, and though Ginny and Potter try to keep her engaged in conversation, they try to make her laugh, the smile never quite reaches her eyes. She's skeptical of me and makes it clear that she is irked by my presence. I don't let it bother me. I'm not here for her. But I do think she's beautiful. In just one month she returns to Australia, and then I have the Potter's to myself again.
I drop by two days later, unannounced. I never owl first anymore. They told me not to bother, which took some getting used to having been raised with manners. But with Granger staying there, the rules may have changed. I test them deliberately because it really bothers me that she's interrupted my life. I knock twice and open the door. Granger is at the counter and freezes at the sight of me. "Sorry Granger. Forgot you were here." I didn't. "Well don't stop on my account," she says in her most swotty voice. I'm pretty sure it's reserved for me alone. "I won't." I step in and close the door behind me. "Where's Gin?" She seems wary at my use of Ginny's nickname. "She's at the grocer. Harry's in there." She nods toward the living room, and I get the feeling she's shooing me away. I can take a hint, so I go. Potter is on the couch taking a nap. Who the hell takes a nap at 7pm. I walk back into the kitchen, and Granger is unsurprisingly absent. I consider leaving, but I really do need to see Ginny. I broke up with what's-her-face, and I feel like a shitty person. And Ginny will tell me I'm a shitty person, and then I'll apologize to someone who still thinks there is hope for me and I'll feel much better about it all. So I pull the firewhiskey from the cupboard, grab a glass and wait. Granger walks back in after a few minutes and stops in the doorway. I think she would have turned back the other direction if I hadn't already spotted her. I know I need to make her like me if I don't want to be banished for the remainder of her stay. I challenge myself to do it. I made the Potter's like me. I can make her like me. "Want a drink?" She's surprised I asked. That I'm making an effort. "Sure." I'll give you one chance, Malfoy. So I go to the counter and pour a glass as she takes a seat at the table. It's her seat, Ginny told me once as she was reminiscing, and Ron's was to the left. I purposely pick a different chair after I hand her the drink. I pull out a cigarette, because alcohol and stress are a wicked combination. She wrinkles her nose, and I roll my eyes. I light it anyway. "So what changed? Why are you all friends suddenly?" "I'm sure you heard the story. I had drinks with Potter a few times, came over for dinner and Ginny took a liking to me." "Yes," she replies, "But what I don't understand is why it happened now, and not a decade ago. With me and Ron out of the way it seems like you just sort of waltzed in and made yourself at home." She stops herself then, knowing that she said too much. I caught a whiff of insecurity, so instead of seething, I blink. "You're not so easy to replace. I wouldn't dare try it," I reply. Her brow furrows, and she takes a drink of her firewhiskey. "But you're right," I continue, "the timing was no coincidence. Potter wouldn't have needed someone to get drunk with if you and Weasley had been around. And I... wouldn't have bothered buying him a drink. Because he had a very full life a few years ago. We all did once, didn't we?" The look she gives me speaks of her pain and her pity. Her lips part like she wants to say something but no words come out. Yes, Granger. We have one very big, life altering thing in common but I'm not going to speak of it. Not yet. "Time changes everything," I continue. "Whether we like it or not. And all we can do is look for a path forward." "I'm sorry," for being a bitch. "And you're right. You seem to occupy a very unique place in their lives." Unique is correct. There's no real way to categorize a friendship that stemmed from mutual hatred. But I know why they keep me around, and it isn't purely for their own entertainment. "They want to fix me." Her eyes widened for a second, because it was true and she didn't expect me to recognize it or admit it aloud. "Can you be fixed?" She replied. I smile a little. "I'm a better man than I was a year ago. They make me want to be..." I pick up my glass and swirl the liquid, "...better. But, I think this is as good as it gets for me." I take a drink and let it burn away the hint of emotion I feel, because it's not easy being honest with someone I don't trust, even when they are looking at me with big brown trustworthy eyes. "And you may have noticed, that isn't very good at all. I smoke and drink and curse, and whatever the hell else I feel like doing. I don't really know why they bother." She pulled her knee up in the chair. "They see you clearly, Malfoy," and they like you anyway. "My personal observation...It seems like part of you wants to be... good, and you also know what it entails to be good, yet you don't try very hard at it. Why?" It's a damn good question, and I know the answer but I don't really want to answer it, so we both sit in awkward silence for several seconds. When I see that she's going to wait me out for a response, I decide that being honest cannot hurt me in this instance. I am who I am, and there's no point in pretending I am anything else. "I spent the better part of my life feeling obligated to conform in some way. But you know that. You saw it." I look her in the eye and she acknowledges the truth of my words with a slight tilt of her head. "This is the first time in all my years that I have ever been able to do whatever the fuck I want, whenever the fuck I want, with whomever the fuck I want, with very little recourse. Life is short. And if I have to choose between being good like you lot for the rest of it and living my life to the fullest…?" I take a drag of my cigarette and I blow it out away from her face, because sometimes I do nice things. "Bit of a hedonist then," she said with a half smile, not waiting for me to continue, and I return the gesture because even though I don't typically accept such labels, it is fairly accurate. That, and she's smiling at me for what I think might be the first time in our lives. It feels nice to be on the receiving end of it. "That doesn't bother you?" I ask, and ash my cigarette in the tray. "It answers a lot of my questions. The smoking, the drinking, the women." She quirks a brow at me, and I assume it's probably because Ginny has told her a few horror stories. "I'm not as bad as Ginny makes me sound," I reply. "Just ask Potter. He has a different perspective on the whole thing." Granger laughs. "Yes, he has a man's perspective. The whole lot of you are lechers." I put my hand on my chest like I'm offended. "Lechers? God Granger, such sweeping generalizations. I know women who are far more lecherous than any man I know." "Oh, like who?" "Pansy," I reply. She rolls her eyes like it doesn't count. "Parvati." She bites her lip because she knows I'm right. She shared a room with her so she must know. "And what do you know of Parvati's lechery?" she asked. "Never mind that," I reply with an amused expression. She smiles ever so curiously at me because, I realize, she finds my sex life intriguing. Thinking of Granger and myself and sex in the same sentence feels forbidden. I think one forbidden thought, and then another, and then like a downward spiral, I see our bodies entwined. It hits me like a bludger to the chest… holy fuck I want her. It's a thought that's been prodding at the back of my mind for years, but it is this moment - with her smiling at me, and breathing in my second hand smoke, and looking at me with those big brown eyes - that I understand the depth of my desire. It's intense enough that I feel my heart leap in my chest, and I know cannot look at her a second longer without giving myself away. So I go to the counter under the pretense of pouring myself a new glass of firewhiskey, and I think of something dull to talk about. Something we can both agree on, like the undeniable excellence of Ginny Weasley's cooking. Supper would have tasted better if it hadn't been preceded by a half-pint of firewhiskey, but it was still delicious. The Potter's were used to me getting drunk at their kitchen table by now, but they seemed well and truly shocked that Hermione had followed suit. She's charming when she's intoxicated. She laughs freely and touches casually, which is both a blessing and a curse because I spend the entire evening semi-hard and trying not to be obvious about my newfound affection for the witch. Making a move on Hermione Granger would be a profoundly stupid idea. She would leave in less than a month, and Ginny and Harry would be in my life forever if I had anything to say about it. Risking something permanent for something temporary didn't make any sense, and yet it didn't fix the root problem which was my suddenly deep longing to have my tongue in Granger's mouth and my hand up her skirt. It was dangerous. We shared stories of our good times the past year, and there were many, many more than I had expected. As we started listing them out, it occurred to me that this might have been the first truly decent year of my life since Astoria passed. Hermione laughed at photographs of me and Ginny dressing up for Halloween, and it was an honest laugh, the sort that made her eyes sparkle. Harry had worked that Halloween, and though she didn't say it I knew Ginny didn't want to spend it with her brothers when Ron was so clearly absent. So we transfigured ourselves into wretched monsters and scared a few young children. It was delightful. When I pour myself a glass of firewhiskey, Granger slides her empty glass to my side of the table and my hand brushes against hers as I take the cup and fill it. I wonder if she feels the same electric tingling sensation that I feel. I think she does because she avoids eye contact with me for a minute or two after that. Ginny gives me the side eye while I am watching Granger, so I glance at her with a questioning look. Don't you trust me? I ask without saying it aloud. NO, her eyes respond. No I don't, and rightfully so. I think it is rather ironic since I had been trying to appease her and Potter by being friendly in the first place...but I suppose when they said to try and get along, they probably meant something different than fantasizing about touching her. Watching her writhe, breathe, come. Fuck. I decide not to tell Ginny about the breakup after all, because it matters much less by the end of the evening than it did when I arrived. That, and hearing that I am single will not improve the sour look she gives me any time I smile at my new, sexy, drinking partner. A/N: I love reviews!
She is sprawled on the sofa under the window, reading a book when I walk in. It isn't the first time I've found her reading in this spot, but as she peeks up over the top of the book and smiles like she's genuinely happy to see me, I know it's different this time. It's overcast outside, but the sun is peeking through the clouds and rays of vagrant light are streaming in the window. I like the way random things are illuminated; the white knit blanket on the back of the sofa, the glass side table, her outstretched legs. She resumes reading her book. "Ginny's upstairs finishing her article," she says, assuming that's who I'm here to see. It isn't this time, but I won't tell her that. "Then I'll leave her to it and grace you with my presence," I reply. She pulls her feet inward to make room for me without looking up, and I silently take the seat she's offered. Her feet are bare, and her toes are a pale pink that compliments her skin tone. I don't typically like feet at all, but hers are interesting to me, perhaps because I've never seen them and they remind me of all the other body parts I'd like to see and haven't. Fuck. "A Christmas Carol?" I say, reading the title on the spine of her book. "Isn't it a bit early?" She continues looking at the pages. "It's a week to December. A good time to get in the spirit...so to speak." I laugh lightly, because it's not funny and she said it anyway, which in and of itself is stupidly amusing. "Have you read it then?" She asked. "Mm-hmm. I was once compared to Scrooge and felt compelled to know the reason." She drops the book on her chest and grins at me. "Is that so?" "Well I have a lot of money and I don't especially like the holidays. I'd say the similarity ends there." Her eyes widened. "You don't like the holidays?" "Oh that must be blasphemy to a woman like you. Your Christmas spirit is," - I lift the book from her chest – "apparent." It's a flimsy old paperback that looks like she's had it for thirty years and read it at least that many times, and I imagine it's likely true. She seems like the sentimental type who would read the same exact book every Christmas her entire life. I flip through the pages, holding her place with my thumb. "How many times have you read this?" Plucking the book back from me, she replies, "Many many times." And then she decides to share spontaneously, wistfully, "I used to read it to Rose when she was younger. I miss that." I smile, because I had often read books aloud to my son. I don't think I miss it as much as she does; not because they aren't good memories, but because I try hard not to think much on the past. "Read it aloud if you want." After a long pause, she says, "You want me to read to you?" "I've a very very busy afternoon, Granger. If you're going to restore my Christmas spirit, best get to it quickly." And then, as she turned back to the first page, "From where you are is fine." "Alright." She sits up a little and grasps the pages in her hands with a small smile. She looks at me inquisitively once more, and then begins. "To sit, staring at those fixed glazed eyes, in silence for a moment, would play, Scrooge felt, the very deuce with him. There was something very awful, too…" I sit and listen, allowing myself to get caught up in the story, and her perfect telling of it, with well-timed pauses and admirable pronunciation. She never once detracts from the story, but instead brings it to life in a way only a fucking Christmas do-gooder ever could. At the fourth stave, Ginny walks down the staircase and stares at us with a puzzled expression before softening into a grin. After a few minutes in the kitchen, she returns with three mugs of hot cider, which she hands to each of us silently before she curls up in Potter's armchair. That is usually my favorite place to sit, and I wonder if she noticed that I'd broken routine to sit beside Granger on the far less comfortable sofa. I think, when she meets my eyes, that she does know and it's only a matter of time before she calls me out. Though I try hard not to stare awkwardly at Granger as she reads, her expressions and gestures keep drawing me back. I like the way her lips move when she pronounces Fezziwig, fettered and foreshadow. I want to hear her say fuck. By the end of the book, I'm questioning reality. Somehow this day has turned into one of my favorite Christmas memories and it isn't even December yet. That, and I think, if I spend too much time listening to her read and pronounce F words, I might fall. Fuck. "Favorite Christmas memory," she asks after Ginny leaves for the office to turn in her article. I know the answer instantly, but I'm not certain I want to share it. She sits silently, sipping on her second cup of cider, which is spiked this time because she saw me top off my glass and followed suit. "The Christmas Astoria and I agreed not to invite our families over for the holiday," I say with a smile. "Scorpius was ten or so - it was the year before he went off to Hogwarts. Everyone was furious - her parents, my parents." I take a drink, caught up in the memory for a moment. "Her mother moved in with us that following year and... there went Christmas." She leans forward on the sofa, clutching her cup in both hands for warmth. "Her mother lived with you? At the manor?" I nod, shifting uncomfortably. Her mother had wanted to be there for Astoria in her final days, much to my dismay. I liked having Astoria all to myself. It feels like yesterday suddenly. Her smile, her laugh, that white scarf she wore in the snow. Granger must have seen me drift away in thought. Her next question catches me off guard. "Do you feel guilty for letting her go?" "Who said I let her go?" I reply a little too quickly. I really really haven't. I haven't. Maybe she thinks I let her go because I see other women, but there's a reason I don't commit. There's a reason women don't come back to the manor with me, that they don't meet my friends or my son or wake up beside me in the morning. But I won't tell her this because she didn't ask, and she wouldn't understand. Fuck. Did I let her go? I drink, and then I drink again as she waits silently and watches me. It's her go to manipulation tactic, and although I like to think that understanding manipulation reduces its effectiveness, with her it works every god damned time. Maybe it's because she means well and I know she does. Maybe it's because I want to hold a conversation with her, even if the topic she chose is a difficult one. I've settled on my answer. "I held tight to my misery for a long while, but at some point, I had to put one foot in front of the other and trudge on." I took a deep breath. "Time changes things whether we want it to or not. But to answer your question..." It hurts to say it. "Yes." She nods, mulling over my words. "I feel guilty for surviving. For leaving. Everyone hates me for leaving." Hate is a strong word, but I understand what she means. "I just couldn't bear it. I couldn't live in our home. Couldn't live the life we built together with him missing from it. In Australia, it kind of felt like I was on an extended vacation and he was back here waiting for me." He wasn't. I'm surprised she confessed her feelings to me so readily. Maybe she needs to say it to someone who gets it, who has been through it, but I was one of the many who held a bit of a grudge after her disappearance, and still feel a little irked that she just picked up and left. But I have no right to an opinion on how she handles her grief. No one really does. I'd considered burning the Manor to the ground a few times, but I just couldn't do it. I doubt the old magic would have allowed it anyway. "Did it help?" I asked, truly wanting to know. Maybe I should have let it all burn. "It was easier to get through the day. But..." she pulled her hair off to the side of her neck. "Now I have to live with the consequences. My life here is...gone." The word is a painful whisper. She left and everything changed. The world moved on without her. Without Weasley. She searches my eyes, looking for empathy, but I have none to give. Finally she says, "Tell me about Astoria." I take a sip of cider and resist the urge to react, but my chest constricts at the sound of my wife's name from Granger's lips. "What do you want to know?" "Anything. Everything." Sensing my hesitation, she adds, "I've often wondered what such a sweet girl would have seen in you." I don't know why I smile. I didn't feel like smiling at all. Yes, this witch is good at getting people to talk; she had been a politician after all. "She was a sweet girl, wasn't she? I don't know what the fuck she saw in me." Granger grinned back at me, and something about the sincerity of it makes my own smile feel more authentic. Maybe time has made it easier to speak of her, and maybe there's a tiny part of me that wants to share with Granger, so I resign to give her what she asked for even though I hadn't spoken of Astoria with the many people who asked; the dates who liked to pry into my past, the Potters who wanted to open me up and expose me as a kind person. I really wasn't. But I loved my Astoria. "She was... quiet. Too quiet sometimes, especially when I first met her. A bit shy, but never awkward. I didn't think it was going to work out honestly. I never much liked a wilting wallflower..." I watch her sip her drink, curl her legs up on the sofa, and listen. Whenever I try to stop or redirect her, she asks another mildly invasive and well-intentioned question and I continue on awhile longer. I don't hold anything back, even when she summons up the courage to about her death. Her eyes look rather pretty with their red rims, glistening with tears that she won't allow to fall. I feel my throat tighten at the sight of her, so I go to the kitchen and fetch a stiff drink, because I need to be numb and I'm not. "We've barely gotten any snow this year," I said as I lounged in Potter's recliner. Ginny beat me to the seat next to Granger, which I found mildly amusing and also a little annoying. "I want it to fucking snow already. Tired of this drizzle." The rain taps against the window a little harder, mocking me. "So do I," Granger agrees. "It never snows where I live now." Ginny rolls her eyes. "People always say they miss the snow, and then it gets here and the whining begins." "Well let's not wait for it then! I've heard it on good authority that it's snowing right now at Hogsmeade. Let's go tomorrow." Granger sits up from her comfortable position looking excited for the first time since I've seen her again. I smile, because it's kind of cute. "Sure, I'll go," I say with a shrug. "I have to work. The Cannons play tomorrow." What a difficult job she has, watching quidditch and writing about it. Granger looks at me tentatively. Does she really want me to accompany her to Hogsmeade, just the two of us? Oh she looked so fucking excited a second ago, and I really want to make her happy for some stupid reason. "It's fine, we don't need her," I say. "She'd spend the whole time whining anyhow." Ginny looks at me like I'd better watch myself, now officially suspicious of my intentions. So I add, "Is Potter off?" "He has the day shift. Maybe he can meet you guys when it's over." Wouldn't want us to be alone together too long. "Right then. Hogsmeade tomorrow!" Granger smiled at me, and I smiled back, but it faltered when I glanced at Ginny. The look on her face says she will fucking skewer me if I try anything. When Granger walks out, footsteps lighter than usual, I look to Ginny and say, "Relax. I'll be on my best behaviour." "Promise me, Draco. You will not seduce my best friend." Her voice was stern, but her eyes held a plea. "I thought I was your best friend," I grumble. She's never actually said anything of the sort. I'm just being presumptuous. "Don't be a child. I get to have more than one." My chest feels a little warmer than I think is normal, like all my blood is leaking out of my itty bitty heart and filling up my chest cavity. "Now, I mean it. Promise!" I lean back in the recliner and look up, not wanting to see that look on her face. "You really think so little of me? That I'd pull something like a 'fuck and flee' on Hermione Granger?" I was met with silence, and interrupted it with a groan. Of course she did. "Do you think so little of her then? She's a bright witch." "Christ Draco. Have you looked at yourself in the mirror lately?" I sit up and look at her, brows raised. "Ginny Potter, did you just call me hot?" "Oh shut up. I only have eyes for Harry." It's too bad really, but probably for the best. "But you are objectively good looking, and she's..." Beautiful? Single? Lonely? Fuckable? Deprived? My mind continues filling in the blanks in rapid-fire until she continues. "Well never mind it. Just promise." Hermione waltzes back in, and I'm glad because I really don't want to promise. "Draco." I ignore her. "Draco!" "Fucking fine, Ginny." A/N: Does Draco break his promise? Probably a little... Snogging next chapter is definite, and the rest comes later. I don't see this version of Hermione as a hop in the sack on the first date kind of woman. She's still struggling with the idea of moving on, and Draco will patiently ease her into the idea of intimacy. Also, there's mention of their kids in a few chapters but they're not going to make an appearance in this fic.
Hogsmeade is fairly empty, with all the kids in school and the cold driving the locals indoors. It's a relief because I don't really want to deal with a crowd or long store lines. The snow is fresh, fluffy under my boots, and my mind swims with old memories. Oh sure I was a right prick to everyone back then, but life was simple really, my first few years at Hogwarts. I didn't have to worry about much. My family was intact, grades good, I had friends to do my bidding, and didn't care much one way or the other about being a good person. After all, I had almost zero consequences to face. I pick up a snowball and throw it at Hermione's back end, just because. She yelps and turns around with a shocked look that morphs into a radiant smile, and my heart leaps a bit as I laugh. She looks just the same as I remember her, with her rosy cheeks and frizzy curls sticking out of her little red woolen beanie, all bundled up in her winter coat. God, she was beautiful even back in our school days, and somewhere in the back of my fucked up brain I had known it. For my life, I cannot remember why I hated her anymore. I am still transfixed by her when the snowball hits me in the neck, wet ice dripping down the inside of my robe. I shriek (a manly shriek) as I pull at my collar, trying to get the snow off my chest. "Good god were you aiming for my face?! Because that would be very fucked up of you!" Another snowball strikes, this time hitting my abdomen. "I wasn't aiming for your face! My aim is just really that bad," she laughs. I hit her shoulder with a monstrous snowball, and laugh heartily when she topples backward into the fluffy snow. I move quickly toward her to make sure she is okay and am glad when she looks up with a grin. Her laughter rings in my ears as she fires another snowball my direction unexpectedly. It lands squarely in my chest and explodes in my face. The perfect hit. "Blasted woman!" I shake the snow off and hold out a gloved hand to help her to her feet. "No more shenanigans, we've got Christmas shopping to do." "Alright, I got my revenge," she says with a grin as she pulls herself to standing, still wobbly from the fall and the slippery snow beneath her boots. I reach out and hold her shoulder to steady her. We touch like old friends... with a sprinkle of rivalry and a healthy dose of sexual tension. "She'd like it." I am looking at a trinket that I think Ginny might like, though I hadn't said who I was shopping for, and I glance over to Hermione with an amused look. Was I that obvious? "Are you in love with her?" I was gobsmacked. "No!" It was too strong of a protest. "What are you on about?" "Well you spend a lot of time with her-" "She's happily married-" "That doesn't keep us from falling for people." I turn to face her fully, irritated until I look her straight in the eye and see something different than I expect. "I'm not in love with Ginny. I do love her though." "Are you going to say in a sisterly sort of way?" she asks disbelievingly. "No, in a best friend sort of way. She's incredible, but she's taken, and unlike other men I'm able to shut down that sort of internal bullshit and keep my eyes where they belong." I put back the trinket, since I now have zero intention of buying it. She raises a brow. "So you're shutting down your feelings about her?" I am done with this conversation. Another hour in, we're at Honeydukes and Hermione shrieks with joy when she hears the door jingle and sees Longbottom walk in. She practically leaps into his arms and I feel a sudden fit of annoyance over it. That is pretty much the opposite response I receive when I walk into a room. I stay back and look at the old chums as they chat and catch up, and I try halfheartedly not to eavesdrop. "Draco," Hermione summons me. I like the way my name sounds on her lips, the way she smiles and waves reassuringly. I don't like the way Neville is looking at me though, like he just might pull out a wand and hex me at any minute. We've seen each other several times since the war and he's never seemed quite this irritated with my presence. I think he thinks I'm with with her, which for some odd reason brings me great satisfaction. So I make my way around the shelf between us and I rest my hand on Hermione's back, because it's fun pissing people off, and if he tries to hex me it will be easier to push her in front of me. Yes, I mean it. And I find it amusing when she doesn't move away. "Longbottom," I pro-offer a hand, and he shifts uncomfortably. I take a breath and roll my eyes, but I don't retract it. "Oh come on, you're not going to leave me hanging here like an idiot are you?" The corner of his lip upturns into a grin that looks more like a grimace and he accepts with a firm handshake. He doesn't want to look like the bad guy. People are predictable and I know how to get what I want from them. "Malfoy." "Hogwarts treating you well?" I ask, because I'm having a truly pleasant day and I'm in no mood for a row. "Yep. Just saw your kids an hour ago by the lake, and I was thinking how odd it was for them to be... well you know. Together. And then I get here and..." he looks down at my hand, still lingering at Hermione's waist. My mouth opens in shock and then closes rapidly. "Together, you say?" "Exactly how together," Hermione said, raising a hand, "if you can elaborate." Neville's eyes widen. "Well, you know. You mean they haven't-" "No." "No." "I shouldn't have said anything," Neville mutters. Hermione and I exchange a look, neither of us giving away a reaction beyond complete and utter shock. "Well life is full of surprises," she says with a hesitant smile. I think of halfblood ginger Malfoys and ancestors rolling over in their graves. I think of my parents faces when I told them I was marrying Astoria, who was not one of their precious sacred twenty-eight. And then, I think of my son. Fuck it. "Whatever makes them happy." Hermione beams up at me, and I think perhaps I just made her day. "Did they seem well?" she asks Neville. "Yes," he says with a half-grin, but it falters as he looks between us. "They've both had a rough time, you all have, but I'd say they're pulling through it. And it helps that they have each other." He looks me squarely in the eye. Yes, I see what he's up to, still poking at me to see if I'll bristle. I'm not. I won't. Fuck. "Oh I do wish we could see them. All these bloody visitor rules..." I think he'd break the rules for her, ex-Minister for Magic, but they were put there to keep out my sort. We invite Neville to the Hogs Head for drinks, but he has errands to attend to and detention to oversee later, and I think he knows Hermione will continue hounding him for details on our children, so we bid him farewell. I am glad he is leaving, but well and truly irritated by the way he holds Hermione in a hug goodbye. Perhaps it's just me, but I think it lingers an inappropriately long while. She is a very thorough hugger. "Did you mean it," Hermione asks over our first round of firewhiskey, "When you said whatever makes them happy?" "Yes," I reply without hesitation. "But it's not worth overthinking. They're young and never know how it will play out." I see her look of concern so I add, "If by some chance they marry and all that, at least we don't hate one another." She swallows and nods, and I think by the look on her face she must be imagining how Weasley would react if he were around. I can see his angry scowl and balled up fists and it brings me a sort of twisted satisfaction. I try my best to look sympathetic and not maniacally happy. Over our second round of firewhiskey and after a few topic changes, Hermione says with a quizzical smile, "You let Neville think we were together." "So did you," I reply, equally amused. "And perhaps I was trying to deter him from flirting. You seemed rather taken with each other." "Oh nonsense. He's happily married!" "That doesn't keep us from falling for people." I use her earlier words against her with my best 'so there' look. She remembers and her grin fades into regret. "I'm sorry I said it. It's not my place to have asked." "No, it isn't. But I'll say it again so it sinks in your thick head. I'm not in love with her any more than you're in love with Potter or Longbottom. They're a perfect couple, almost disgustingly so, and I'd never do anything to come between them. And what's more, I'd never do anything to risk losing either of them. We've come too far for me to fuck it up." "They really mean a great deal to you." "Yeah." I sit back and drink. They really do. And the way I've been fantasising about this witch across from me is a dangerous thing. They will never forgive me if I 'pull a Malfoy', so I'm determined not to act on my thoughts. When the third round of firewhiskey is delivered, I ask, "Do you always drink this much or am I a bad influence?" She grins and takes a drink, then replies, "I like drinking. Always have, but..." After a second, she adds, "I'm not very fond of drinking alone. So I guess the answer is... you're a bad influence." "Lovely." I raise my brows. "Any other bad behaviours I can encourage?" Fuck. Don't fucking flirt. Her face is flushed but she's still smiling. "Trying to corrupt me?" She leans back in her seat, trying not to look uncomfortable, but we both know I don't mean to offer her a cigarette. "Indeed I am." And then, knowing a topic change is a very good idea, "You've turned out to be a good drinking partner." "I wouldn't think they're hard to come by." "Quite hard to come by as a matter of fact." "Then what do you do on the nights you're not with us? I highly doubt you're drinking alone." She could just be curious, but I think she wants to know if I'm seeing anyone. "Haven't been out much. Just quiet nights at home reading and whatnot." I do drink alone but I'm hardly going to tell her that. "Tell me about your last night out then." I run a hand through my hair. "Fuck. It wasn't my finest moment actually." She grinned and silently implored me to continue. "I'd been seeing her for two weeks or so," I prefaced, pulling at my collar which felt a bit tight all of a sudden. "She was... killing me. I couldn't make it through the night. So I broke it off with her right there at the Leaky and got a drink thrown in my face." She laughs and it's followed by a single clap. "I'm going to need details." Disastrous. But I'll be honest and see how that works out. I don't mind a laugh at my own expense on occasion. "For one, she kept calling me sweetie, and I really really don't like pet names." "They're awful aren't they?" "Pansy called me-" "Draky-poo, I remember..." "God it was torture." "For all of us." "Astoria never even tried. I was... blessed." "Oh Ron tried a few times but he stopped early on when I told him I didn't like it." Her smile faltered and then returned as if it had never happened. "So continue, I want to hear about the drink in the face." I swirled my firewhiskey, "She spent an hour complaining about her roommate, her job, her pet that kept barking in the middle of the night... and all this was fine, tolerable until I realised it was leading up to a request. To stay over at the Manor." I lick my teeth while I try to think of a way to say this that won't make me sound like a complete prick. I quickly realise it's futile. "That's not something I do... Ever. So I told her... politely... that my home was off limits. She implied that I was being secretive, I implied that she was being clingy... and then," I gesture toward my handsome face and she laughs again. Clearly she enjoys the idea of me being publicly humiliated. "I probably deserved it." "Probably." Her grin is infectious. "But tell me more about this rule of yours." "Not much to tell. The manor is for my friends and family, not casual dates." "Well then where do you-" she put her fingers to her lips, silencing herself. I smile widely. "Awfully curious aren't you. If you really want to know, I prefer going home with them. But if I like them enough I might take them out on the yacht." "Of course you have a yacht." "But you can learn a lot about a person by their home," I continue. "Take the Potters for example. Warm and welcoming. A never-ending supply of firewhiskey in spite of the fact that they don't drink much. I knew right away that they liked having company but few came over to visit." "Fair assessment." She leans in and takes a drink, her grin weakening. "What does your home say about you?" "That I'm a spoilt rich man, prone to self-indulgence," I swallow because I feel an overwhelming urge to be honest with her, and I think, from the look on her face, that she can handle the truth better than most. "And that I'm still very much in love with my dead wife." I finish the last of my firewhiskey and avoid her eyes for several seconds, because I know they hold all the emotion that I'm trying hard not to feel. "Well, I've been living out of a suitcase for a year. I'm sure that says something about me, but I'm not sure what." "What's in the suitcase?" I ask. "The essentials. Clothes, my favourite books and a few photographs." "That says quite a bit though, right? And I'd be willing to bet that all your clothes are nicely organised-" "Naturally." "Folded up into tight little squares, all the way down to your white cotton knickers." "They're not all white," she says biting her bottom lip adventurously. Fuck. "Some of them are cream coloured." "Fuck. Practical is very sexy, you know?" She thinks I'm being sarcastic. I'm not. By the end of the fourth glass I'm fucking dying to kiss her, and by the fifth, my effort to hide my attraction falls by the wayside. I find myself looking at her lips for longer than appropriate, glancing down at her breasts as they hover over the table. I think she must notice, but she acts like she's completely oblivious and I'm thankful for it. Her warm laughter keeps a smile on my face, her constant semi-invasive questions keep me talking. With each drink I'm more animated and she laughs more freely, and I feel like I do when I'm with Ginny and sometimes Potter. Accepted. It's a good feeling that I lacked for a big part of my life, so I know how to appreciate it. Potter's clearly not joining us or he would have been here more than an hour ago, and his absence is both a blessing and a curse, because as much as I do love having her all to myself, I'm making poor choices that I wouldn't if he were here. Fuck. It's like I need the Potters beside me at all times to act as my conscience since my own is basically non-existent. I go outside for a cigarette that I've resisted for the last hour and she chooses to accompany me just because. It's cold and foggy, so when I find a wall to lean against and light my cigarette, she stands close beside me, absorbing my body heat. She nuzzles a bit into my shoulder and I tick off the drinks she's had in my head, but I lose count. We're both rather pleasantly drunk, and though I know my judgement is impaired and I shouldn't do it, I put an arm around her shoulder, welcoming her a little closer under the pretence of warming her. She puts an arm around my waist and even with several layers of clothing between us, I feel her touch like a scorching fire. I take a drag, blow out the smoke. It seems to go on forever, mingling with the cold fog. I watch her breath as it hits the air, clouds, disappears. I can only think of one thing on an endless loop: she's a perfect fit against me. My hands are freezing, but I leave my gloves in my pocket because it's not so easy to hold a cigarette while wearing them, and also because I want to touch her. Fuck. This is a bad idea. When her hand moves to my abdomen and snakes into my coat for warmth, I'm already hard. I should still her hand because she's drunk and I think she must have forgotten who she's with, but I don't because it feels good to have her this close. I throw down my cigarette because that's not what I want anymore, and I let her slip her arms around me fully, glad my coat is long enough to disguise my arousal. Her body presses into mine and I enjoy her warm curves, the tremble of her hand against my ribcage. I welcome what I shouldn't. She nuzzles into my neck, and I stroke her curls, encouraging her in spite of the nagging feeling that I ought to pull away. The feel of her warm breath has my mind reeling, my heart fluttering. God. I want her. "Granger. I think you're drunk." It's taking every ounce of willpower not to lean down and kiss her. "Mmhmm." She leans into me on her tip toes. "We should-" She kisses me, and like the broken and weak man that I am, I pull her in and I kiss her back. My body ignites. Her lips are soft and pliable, and the way her tongue moves against mine is absolutely sinful. She might be drunk, but she's not sloppy. She's uninhibited, sensual, sexy as fuck. My hand tangles in her curls, drawing her further in. I don't recall a single kiss more exquisite, none so filled with longing and quiet desperation. It was like a millennium of pent up sexual tension screaming to be released as we moved against each other, hands eagerly reaching, grasping, clinging. Good god, this is a woman who knows what she's doing. And she's really fucking good at it. She joins me inside my coat and I continue allowing her bold exploration, thankful for my warming charms. I want to open her coat and feel her against me but I resist it, because that nagging voice in the back of my head keeps reminding me: She's drunk. Tomorrow, she will regret it. I know I need to end this when she presses forward intentionally against my straining arousal. My breath hitches. Fuck. This is intense. End it. End it. I pull back for air but she doesn't stop so I use a bit of brute strength and flip us around so she's the one against the wall. I tell myself to hold her there and pull away, I really do, but she makes this sound that's somewhere between a moan and a whimper, and I cave into my carnal impulse to make her make that sound again. One more time. I grab a fistful of her jean clad backside, and I squeeze it in a very uncivilised way, and for a solid unrestrained minute, we devolve into pleasure seeking. With her petite limbs around me, tongue curling against mine, my conscience is an afterthought. A particularly icy gust of wind jolts me back to awareness, and with a reluctant groan I forced myself to pull out of the kiss and still her roaming hands. This is completely indecent for a public place, and while there is no one in our vicinity we could easily be stumbled upon. "Fuck. As much as I'd love to continue this," I start as my thumb glides over her lips, "you're intoxicated." "So are you," she reminds me. She gives me an out that I desperately want to take, and while I mull over the consequences which seem so far in the future right now, she takes advantage of my weak resolve and she kisses me again. Her hands run through my hair, cold fingers tracing my hairline. I sink back into her embrace slowly, hesitantly deepening the kiss. God she feels good. My arms wrap around her fully and I pull her body flush against mine. I relish the feel of her curves, her warm mouth. My willpower is wearing uncomfortably thin, and that Slytherin part of my brain starts considering where and how I'm going to take her. Against this wall? Pay for the room above the pub? Floo to the manor? She hooks a leg around my waist and uses it to pull me in. Against the wall. I break from the kiss but she pulls me back in for another, then another. Goddamn it she really wants this. I place a hand firmly against her chest and let my lips hover over hers, sharing her warm air. "Granger, I'm trying to do the right thing and you're not making it very easy." I'm breathless. Beseeching. She's going to regret all of this in the morning and it's going to be my fucking fault. "I'm tired of doing the right thing," she whispers. I can feel the rise and fall of her chest beneath my hand. Her coat is parted there, warm flesh beneath my thumb. I move it down the center of her chest bone until it snags on a button. I want to take it off. "The things I want to do to you right now are truly...indecent." I choke out the word because she's moving against me, and it feels incredible. My forehead drops against hers. "I would need a level of consent you are incapable of providing." Her nails rake at my scalp and she pulls her bottom lip between her teeth. She moves against me in a very consenting way, and my hands drop to her hips to stop them from doing their maddening dance. She would be an excellent fuck. She pulls me forward and kisses me again, and I let her for a second before I grab a fistful of her hair and pull her gently back. I move my lips to her ear and run my teeth over her earlobe. "Fucking a drunk woman against a wall outside a pub is objectively wrong. But you should know I am not above it." She moans and arches like my words are incendiary. Fuck. There's no scaring this one. I have no doubt she will let me do it. I grit my teeth and collect my thoughts. I know what I have to do. "Let's go." I push off from the wall so she knows I mean it this time, then I grab her wrist and pull her toward the pub, guide her around the tables to the floo, and put her into it. She gives me a pouty look that makes me regret my decision to be a gentleman. "Goodnight, Hermione." A/N: Hope you enjoyed! Sneak peek at the next chapter, Hermione is predictably mortified at her drunken behavior.
