I built the bridge across the stream of consciousness It always seems to be a flowing, but I don't know which way my brain is going Oh the rhyming, and the timing, keeps melodies inside me And I'm climbing til I'm running out of air Are you prepared to take a dive into the deep end of my head? Are you listening to a single word I've said? Wordplay - Jason Mraz Chapter One—The World's Worst Birthday Proposition Rose decided that if one more of her dad's old team-mates threw an arm over her shoulder and said: "Nine more years until you turn thirty, Old Rose," she would black the fuck out. And when she came to, bad things would have happened. There would be blood. And lots of it. Mum used to say that getting older was akin to becoming happier. "You'll begin to know yourself," she'd told Rose the day before her seventeenth birthday, "Your boundaries will coalesce, and your openness will expand, all at the same time." The generality of her mother's esoteric abstractions were what infuriated Rose most. She'd been twenty-one for nearly nineteen hours, but still felt like the same sixteen-year-old who had asked what it felt like to get older. Rose was still waiting for all that shrinking, expanding, and self-actualising stuff to happen. Well, it wasn't going to happen tonight. She was almost sure of it. Every year - scratch that - every fucking year, Rose was subjected to this brand of torture where everyone she knew, and many she didn't, crowded under a tent just outside the Burrow to celebrate not just her birthday, but the start of a brand new year. In five years, what had started as a one-time solution to the problem of two overlapping events—Rose's Sweet Sixteenth and the family's annual New Year's Eve celebration—had been turned into a complete freak show. But of course, the party was going wonderfully for everyone who was not Rose. Funny how that worked. Laughter and conversation were punctuated by the clanking of champagne glasses and the warble of Daisy Bladvak cutting through the air. It wasn't much of a surprise to Rose that the makeshift dance floor was virtually empty, save for Uncle George and the gaggle of little kids he was jumping around with. While the wizard standing in front of her made small talk, Rose let her eyes aimlessly wander the room. She hated small talk as much as she hated crowds, so the combination of small talk in the middle of the crowded tent was something she really wanted to bury. And fast. Rose caught her grandmum looking in her direction and whispering animatedly to her granddad, which was never a good thing. She was plotting—again. As far as grandmum was concerned, Rose was the worst kind of late bloomer: a lazy one. She worried most about Rose becoming the old lady with ten cats and a fondness for non-perishables. It was a ridiculous fear. Really. For starts, she hated cats. And she wasn't completely hopeless when it came to relationships. She'd had boyfriends before. Plenty of them. Good ones, bad ones, boring ones, weird ones, and a few shady ones. Rose never took any of them seriously because they never stayed around longer than a couple of months; something that really worried her family. Part of the problem was that Rose had never been good at relationships, and she accepted the blame for it. She'd never been completely clear on how they worked, or if they were worth her time. It wasn't like she had many examples of how sane relationships worked. Sure, her grandparents were stable, but she had a sneaking suspicion that the success of their marriage had something to do with two wars and the amount of time granddad spent in the shed. Hugo was asexual and couldn't be bothered with the opposite sex. Her cousins went through more 'serious relationships' than she went through Pepper-up potions during cold season. Oh, and her parents had gotten married because her mum had been sick of her dad. "Truthfully, he wouldn't leave me alone." Hugo busted out laughing while Rose just blinked. This was not the story she'd expected. "What?" Her mother chuckled. "He kept randomly saying 'I'm gonna marry you.' I wasn't sure if he was trying to convince me or himself, but after a year of it, I finally said 'Prove it' to shut him up." It was a wonder Rose wasn't living on a farm in the country, wearing a floral pink muumuu and feeding her twelve kids porridge. She shuddered at the thought. "Are you cold?" Rose jerked her head up at the sound of a male voice. She tilted her head to the side, trying desperately to recall his name. She really should know. They'd been talking for the last—she checked her new watch— ten minutes. "Oh, I'm fine. The Warming charms are perfect…." Her words trailed off when she met her grandmum's excited eyes. Rose died a little on the inside when she beamed and nudged her granddad, who was more interested in his cake. Rose manoeuvred herself so she couldn't feel the weight of her stare. "Everything okay?" the wizard asked with a raised eyebrow and a smirk. "Oh, just fine, but I'm pretty sure that my Nan's planning our wedding. Is she still looking over here?" He snorted in an attempt to cover his laughter, but his shoulders were shaking when he answered, "Yes, she is." "Just try not to look like you're having a good time. So what were you saying before?" Another snort quickly followed her request, but he quickly fell back into—well, whatever they had been discussing before. It was only a matter of seconds before Rose's attention drifted to something else, like trying to find other familiar faces in the crowd. Strangely enough, there were just as many 'famous people' there as second and third cousins twice removed whose names she couldn't recall. She saw Hugo sitting at a nearby table between Lorcan and Lysander, James and his girl-of-the-week were sneaking out the tent, Scorpius and his date were across the room in deep discussion—probably about serious current affairs, and Albus was out there somewhere. Thankfully, the parental units were still out of sight. Good. Rose definitely wasn't happy with them now. Following the birthday ritual of singing, blowing out candles, and cutting quite possibly the largest cake she'd ever seen, her mother had given Rose instructions to go mingle – alone. While Rose knew her mum had her best intentions at heart, what she failed to understand was that sending her off on her own wasn't a good idea. Not at all. She always needed someone present to make sure she didn't make an arse of herself. If Rose was famous for anything, it was for her ability to butcher the English language when forced into social situations. "…isn't that strange?" What? Oh. Rose smiled. "Yes, it was. So…" she trailed off, still unable to remember his name. Quinn? Quant? Quartz? "Quincy." He gave Rose a dazzling smile that made her cheeks redden. Truthfully, it was really hard to remember his name when he was towering over her and looking at her intensely. He was giving her one of those 'I know everything about you, even though we've never met' looks. Rose, unfortunately, was quite familiar with that look. It was one of the many curses of being the daughter and niece of war heroes. And with her grandmum's eyes burrowing a hole into the back of her skull, the look he was giving her didn't make her any more comfortable. When he approached her, Rose had done everything to act indifferent to his proximity and to his blue eyes. She obviously was a great actress, or else he'd pretended not to notice her discomposure. Either way, it really was criminal for a man to be so attractive. Rose smiled and carefully swept her auburn bangs aside. It was a completely useless act, but it made her feel better. Slightly. "Sorry about that. I've met a lot of people tonight. It doesn't help that I'm horrid at names." "Understandable." A brief pause later, she mustered enough courage to ask, "So, Quincy, what do you do?" "I'm a model for Playwitch." Her eyes bugged. "You do know I'm not a model, right? I wanted to be one when I was ten. I have a good walk, but I'm too short and like eating too much. And we know how that works in the industry—oh. Not to say that you don't eat. And I'm not a glutton or anything, but…bugger." Quincy's smile was wide. "I ramble, sorry." "You don't have to apologise. I think it's cute." Rose would've blushed if she didn't feel so weird. "In an awkward way, I'm sure." Leaning closer with an intact smile, he said, "No, just cute. Like you." Really smooth, Quincy, Rose thought sarcastically. Too bad she couldn't get those words out. Probably because she couldn't shake the idea that he was actually sincere. "Umm…" After unsuccessfully willing herself to say something sassy, she gave a half-hearted sigh. She was never any good at intentional wit. Or accepting compliments. Or flirting back. Or anything like that. "I think I need a drink." "What's that in your hand?" he pointed out. "An empty flute…all gone. I'm suddenly—nice to meet you, Quincy." With that, Rose made her way over to the cake table and cut herself a large piece—her third of the night. And after briefly searching the room, she spotted an empty table in the corner of the room and out of her grandmum's sight. Quickly, she sat down. She couldn't help but wonder if there would ever be a time when she didn't feel extremely weird when someone admired her. Especially good looking wizards. Every thought vacated her mind when she took a bite of moist birthday cake. "Hi, Rose!" She bit down on the fork, cursing to herself as Lily sat down. "Hai," she muttered. What did she want? "I feel like I haven't seen you in weeks." Despite having a mouth full of cake, she replied, "Vou habbn't." Lily wrinkled her nose, trying to cover her disgust. "Right. Well, I've spent my last few weeks in a number of studios, collaborating with various singers. I must've written over thirty songs in the last six weeks. It's exhausting, yet rewarding, but such is life as a songwriter." With a number one single, Daisy Bladvak had taken Lily from writing terrible jingles for commercials on the Wireless to writing terrible songs for all the top pop artists. In Rose's opinion, it was a lateral jump that just happened to pay a lot more. Rose gestured to her cake, silently asking if she wanted any and hoping that she would accept. Anything to shut her up. Of course Lily killed all hope of a quiet existence when she said, "I don't want any cake, unless it's strawberry… is it strawberry?" "No, but it is good," she answered in between bites. "I can go and—" She shook her head. "No, I was thinking that we could sit here and catch up." Her eyebrows disappeared behind her bangs. "Huh?" "Yes, like where do you—oh that's right, Al told me you quit your job in Floo Regulations, just yesterday, right?" "Yes." Rose stabbed the cake. She was going to kill Albus…or hire someone that would. "Four jobs in one year, that's a record, even for you." Or maybe she would just kill Lily and get it over with. Lily smiled and flipped her wavy red hair over her shoulder. "I really think this is your year Rose. The year you find a career that you love, so that you can be just as happy and successful as I am." That insincere—Rose started to shove another piece of cake into her mouth just as an attractive wizard walked towards their table. Oh fuck. What was his name, again? Fon—Re—Alfonzo! The tall bloke with the crooked smile her dad had introduced to her. He'd given Rose an excited—not one but two—'thumbs up' as if she should've jumped into his arms and shoved her tongue down Alfonzo's throat right there. Clearly, Rose had missed something important. With a sort of grace she never thought a man his height could possess, Alfonzo slipped into the chair next to her. "So we meet again." A smirk crept across her face at his corny greeting. "It looks like it." Alfonzo touched her shoulder. "They say the second time is always better." He was making it easy for her to reject him for the second time. Rose brushed him off. "I'm positive that the third time is actually the charm. So, why don't you walk away and—" Lily gave her a rather hard 'introduce me' nudge that made Rose wince and cut a death stare in her cousin's general direction. However, the look softened when she came up with the perfect plan that would kill—get rid of two birds with one stone. "Alfonzo." Her eyes had a mind of their own and rolled involuntarily. "This is my cousin, Lily Potter." Alfonzo politely shook her hand. "The daughter of the Harry Potter?" Her cousin's smile was disturbingly bright. "Yes." "Nice meeting you." And then, to Rose's surprise and Lily's shock, Alfonzo completely dismissed her. She could almost feel the steam of Lily's anger when he said, "So Rose, I was wondering if you would like to dance." Dance? With him? She inwardly snorted. Not if she could help it. Alfonzo was about as intriguing as a fruit basket. And her dad liked him. Enough said, really. "Oh, I'll have to pass on that intriguing offer, but I'm sure Lily here will be more than willing to take my place." Alfonzo looked disappointed, but stood and took her cousin's extended hand. As they started towards the dance floor, he turned to say something—probably to ask if she would reconsider—but Lily pulled him away. Rose tried not to laugh at the strange look Alfonzo gave her. Lily was his problem, at least for the next few minutes. Success. Rose crossed her legs at the knee and enjoyed the freedom that came with Lily's absence. She tried to relax in her chair, but the music and the few glimpses of Lily dancing like a moron made that difficult, nevertheless she was determined. Once Lily returned, Rose would be right back to stuffing her face with birthday cake while she babbled on endlessly about a four minute dance. Although, now that Rose thought about it, she could handle that sort of thing. It was behaviour typical of Lily. The whole 'let's chat like we're the closest cousins in the world' thing…was not. It was actually quite frightening. When it came down to it, Rose clearly didn't know her cousin well because Lily returned from her dance with Alfonzo more chatty and incorrigible than ever. "Do you know who that was?! That was the Alfonzo Plumpton! I danced with Alfonzo Plumpton." Grinning, she dropped back into her seat as if she weighed nothing at all. Rose blinked. "Okay…" "His great grandfather is Roderick Plumpton. He made the fastest snitch-catch, ever! It only makes sense that he's the Seeker for the Montrose Magpipes." It wasn't that Lily was a big Quidditch fan; she was a fan of the good-looking wizards who played. For a second, they watched dark-haired wizard with his friends. One of them punched him in the arm and said something that made him frown. "I think he's very cute." Rose agreed reluctantly and silently. "He looks sort of like Peter McLaggen—too bad he's probably just as much of a pompous wanker." "You're too judgmental, Rose. You don't even know him." "True, but I do know his kind. Overly beautiful and arrogant people are usually idiots. Why? Because our universe, in general, is fair." Lily rolled her eyes. "Whatever." She had a light bulb moment. "Is he single?" Her cousin tsked. "Of course he is, but I'm not so sure why. He's one of the most famous Quidditch players in Britain. Any witch would be lucky to have him." And now Rose knew why her dad had introduced them. He hadn't let go of the dream—or nightmare, in Rose's opinion—that his little Rosie would grow up and marry a Quidditch player. Like him. She snorted at the thought. Conversation moved on to Lily describing every detail of their dance, and then to her gossiping about everyone at the party—and even those who weren't. After what felt like hours of non-stop chattering, Rose seriously considered strangling her, but knew it would only end with tears, a torn family, and many years in Azkaban. Not worth it. At least not at the moment. Certainly her mind had to change before the night was over, right? Right. Besides, strangling someone took time and effort that could be put into other things. Like seeing how fast she could eat this piece of birthday cake. "Alfonzo told me that the lead singer of The Veelas is dating his best friend, who just so happens to be a Chaser for the Montrose Magpipes," she babbled. "I bet it won't even last a month. She'll smother him to death. I worked with her just last week on their new album, and I know for a fact that she hates being single. We even wrote a song together about it!" Rose shoved another forkful of cake into her mouth. Seriously, what did she want? "Mum told me that Minister Havelock is furious that his daughter is dating the Seeker for the Tutshill. You know, I actually met him tonight - they're both around here somewhere. I saw them while dancing I was dancing with Alfonzo. They look nice together and they seem happy. I'm not sure what Minister Havelock's issue is." She leaned closer. "Oh, and between you and me, I've seen a lot of pictures of him in Witch Weekly, but he's even more attractive in person." Despite being cousins, they had never been close, not like she and Albus were. So, being around Lily for no reason was as strange as a mosh-pit at a Celestine Warbeck concert. Lily wanted something— that much she knew, but she didn't know what. "Oh, and have you seen Scorpius' date for the evening?" Rose's focus was currently on trying to figure out what she would do now that the last fudge treat was in her mouth. Fortunately, she'd heard enough of Lily's question to give a short nod in response. Scorpius had come with Henrietta Sweeting, who was infamous for breaking quills during tests and having tea stains on her clothes. Henrietta was in Rose's year, but was a Ravenclaw, like Scorpius. They'd had Arithmancy and Ancient Runes together, but weren't more than passing acquaintances. She always had a feeling that Henrietta didn't like her. Rose didn't know if it was because she was a Slytherin or because she often barged in on her and Scorpius' study sessions while they were in school. Those Ravenclaws knew how to hold a grudge, especially if it involved their academics. "I know they came together as friends, but like you, Rose, he can do so much better." She continued to chew and nod along until—wait a second. "Wike mwe?" Lily frowned. "It's no wonder you can't keep a serious boyfriend." "Vat's dat sufpoosed—" Rose held up one finger and quickly swallowed the cake before she tried again. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Nothing." She highly doubted that. Lily rested her elbow on the table and laid her cheek against her fist. "Speaking of Scorpius, I've been wondering something all night…" Ah, here it was. The moment Rose would finally find out why she had to endure excruciatingly long minutes of Lily torture. She gave her cousin an expectant, 'go on' look. It was probably another one of her inane questions about Scorpius. She'd been asking a lot of questions about him lately. "Well, do you think you could set us up?" Rose looked all around, expecting to see James and his group of knuckleheaded friends hiding in various areas of the room, armed with Extendable Ears and laughing their arses off. When she didn't see anyone out of the ordinary, her mind kicked into overdrive. James must've Polyjuiced his sister, hid her, and was using her to get—no. That made no sense. Well, Rose hadn't worked that far into his dastardly plan, but that had to be it, right? Polyjuice had to be the reason why Lily was asking her to set her up with Scorpius, of all people. Wait a second. She wasn't stupid. James couldn't imitate all of his sister's little quirks that annoyed Rose most. The way she flipped her hair and smiled, or the way her voice made her want to claw out her eyes. Those things couldn't be faked. So maybe she was part of the plan, after all. But why? And— "Before you go all 'detective' on me, this is not some crazy plan my brother cooked up to throw you off balance." Lily assured. "I'm actually very serious. I like Scorpius. I like his hair, his personality, the way his lips pout—" "Lips pout—say what?" "Yes! And so much more. I've liked him for a while, but Al said he won't help me because he 'knows' Scorpius isn't interested." She rolled her eyes. "I figure with the new year coming, I could change the way he sees me. You could talk me up to him, and maybe—" "Do not say another word." This was one of the most bizarre conversations she'd ever had. It was right up there with the time mum had decided to use diagrams and flow charts to explain where babies came from. "Let me see if I understand this. You like Scorpius. Al refuses to set you up with him. And rather than approaching him yourself, you decide that pestering me for sixteen minutes would make me want to do you a favour? Do I understand this correctly?" Lily smiled. "Perfectly!" Clearly, she was under the heavy delusion that Rose was her buddy, confidante, and sidekick in all matters amatory. "Now," she continued. "I was thinking that you could start talking about my best attributes—" "Are you insane?!" She was almost certain that a relationship between Scorpius and Lily went against one of the natural precepts of the universe; or broke one of the golden friendship rules that said: Friends don't let friends date Lily Potter. Rose briefly wondered what drugs were pumping through Lily's system to even make her think that she would be a good match for him. "What do you mean?" Lily looked confused. Rose pointed at herself, like maybe there was a chance that someone else was sitting next to her that she hadn't noticed…and Lily was talking to them. "You want me to—" "Set me up with Scorpius. We've been through this already." After blinking at her for several moments, Rose sat back in her chair and said nothing. While Lily used the strange silence that followed to make sure that her hair was perfect and hum along to the awful song playing, Rose scanned the room for a champagne tray, but found something that brought a relieved smile to her face. It was salvation, in the form of Scorpius Malfoy, walking towards the table, armed with two glasses of champagne. Bless him. She was determined to put Lily's request out of her mind and enjoy the evening, but first…. As soon as Scorpius set the flutes down, Rose picked them up and guzzled them down in a flash. "I was planning on drinking both of them." Scorpius informed her. Stingy beast. "Sorry, but my needs were greater than yours. Trust me." He started to argue, but something caught his attention. Rose followed his line of vision to Lily, who looked like a jungle cat on the prowl. Of course, she'd seen that look several times before, but it was only now that she understood what it meant. Oh, shit. Rose jerked her head to him. Oh, buggering shit. Scorpius' eyebrow came out of hiding from behind black-rimmed glasses. "You know, I just might." He cleared his throat. "Are you all right, Lily? You look hungry." "I am hungry, but not for food." Lily gave him her best seductive look, which actually made her eyes look like they were about to pop out of her head. Rose was waiting for her to snap her teeth at him, but something better happened. Lily had the nerve to ask, "Aren't you hungry, Scorpius?" An incredulous bemusement twisted his features. "I'm a vegetarian." Naturally, Rose's face turned bright red as she strained not to laugh. Lily was still smiling, which meant she didn't fully understand and that made it all the better. Scorpius had a talent of cutting someone down without them realising it. He'd inherited what Aunt Ginny called 'the Malfoy drawl' and it made everyone focus on his tone instead of his words. If they had paid any attention, they would notice that his sarcasm was often as dry as the desert with twice the venom of a snake. He would've done well in Slytherin with her. "Henrietta, Al, and I were discussing the relationship between Arithmancy and Muggle Probability. She seems to think there are no significant similarities and I thought you might have an opinion." Or maybe not. "You're seriously having a discussion about numbers at a party? Don't get me wrong, I love everything about numbers, but there's a time and a place for everything…and this isn't it." Scorpius smirked. "Actually, they were debating it. I was more than happy to stand there and commit the sight of you running away from that bloke to memory." Rose stuck out her tongue, which only made his smile widen. And to think she considered him as her best friend. She folded her arms petulantly, but inwardly cringed. Best friend. She never did like the label. It was immature and created a strange possessiveness, which diminished the intensity of the feelings of loyalty involved in a friendship as close as theirs. 'Best friend' was okay to say when she was ten, but Rose felt it lost its linguistic fervour as she aged. "I'll have you know that I'm a lot more socially graceful than you think," she informed haughtily. He blinked. "You're about as socially graceful as a—" "Do not finish that sentence if you want to live." She never understood their friendship, but never questioned it because she was a believer in 'whatever works'. She and Scorpius? They worked. Where she was belligerent and restless, he was easy-going and patient. Rose often resented the stigmas and expectations that came with being a Weasley, but there were a lot more that came with being a Malfoy and Scorpius seemed unaffected. Over the years, she'd adopted his way of thinking...and it made things easier for her. One of the best things about Scorpius was that he was intelligent without being pretentious, reserved without being dull, and one of the few people her age who knew that an ostrich's eye was bigger than its brain. "Where's Al?" "Somewhere around here with Henrietta. Come on, we'll dance, then we'll go find them." He reached for her hand, she offered the other, and let him pull her from the seat. Unfortunately for Rose, Scorpius' tug was a bit hard and it sent her clumsily crashing into him. Her forehead hit his chin and she caught a whiff of his cologne—something spiced and warm. "Ow!" Rose rubbed her head, frowning. "Were you trying to knock me senseless?" "I didn't know you had sense in the first place." She blew raspberries at him. "Ha, ha. Really funny, Rock-chin." He flashed a typical, relaxed-Scorpius grin. "I try my best." Rose punched him in the arm as hard as she could, which caused him to wince and glare. "That actually hurt. Do it again and I'll leave your violent arse here." Unrepentantly, she cackled on. That was until he mouthed the two words that silenced her. "With her." Rose pouted. "If I'd known eight years ago how evil you really were I'm not sure I would have befriended you." "You befriended me? How quickly we forget things—" "Blah, blah, blah," she cut him off while making faces. "It's my birthday, and I refuse to hear the story about how I was some charity case you spent time with on a whim of kind-heartedness." "That's what happened!" "Exactly, only Al was sick with Spattergroit during your visit to the Burrow before third year. Your dad was out of the country, and your mum wasn't even an option, so you were stuck with nothing to do but read your books and be pestered by James and Lily. And I—on a whim of kind-heartedness—saw your anguish," at that, he rolled his eyes, "and begged my parents to take you in like a stray so that I could introduce your deprived arse to the wonderful world of Muggle movies." "I like my version better." Scorpius ran a hand through his medium blond hair. Rose quietly thought that it should be a crime for a bloke to have better hair than her. "I bet you do, probably because it doesn't involve you sniffling at the end of—" He covered her mouth. "For the last time, I have allergies!" She rolled her eyes as dramatically as she could. "I think," he let go of her mouth. "We should take this argument out on the—" "Or maybe, I could step in for you again, Rose," Lily piped in. "Like I did last time." Rose had completely forgotten that she was still sitting there. She looked over her shoulder to address her, but snapped her mouth shut when she saw her messy-haired cousin lounging in the chair next to his sister. Just where had Al come from? A strange feeling tried to rise in her chest, but she stopped it by smiling brightly. "Al! How long have you been sitting there?" "Since 'Rock-chin'." "Where's Henrietta?" Scorpius asked, briefly looking around. "I still believe you should know that." Rose poked him in the chest. "She's your date, after all." He straightened his glasses. "Well, I've been here with—" "Actually," Albus interjected. "She wanted to help Uncle George prepare the midnight fireworks." Rose laughed. "Only because Scorpius is such a crummy date." Before he could retort, the crowd of conversing guests parted, and out of it emerged her father. The look on his face was very Rose-oriented—a mix of frustration, affection, and worry with a bit of blind optimism thrown in sparingly for luck. She'd already seen it twice tonight and wanted no part in whatever was going on. Especially if it had something to do with her. Rose considered diving under the table, but she wasn't in the mood to hand Scorpius and Al another thing to make fun of her about. Besides, she didn't want to ruin her dress. Rose had dedicated more than enough time and energy to manipulating—wait, convincing the clerk at La Femme Boutique to sell the overpriced black and cerulean robes to her for only four Galleons. After releasing a resigned sigh, Rose waved at her dad. He gave her a rather harried smile and gestured for her to come over. Rose frowned, excused herself, and went to him. Her dad kissed her on the temple, which reluctantly brought a smile to her face. Rose was—and always would be—a daddy's girl, at least until the end of eternity. It was quite pathetic. "C'mon, Rosie Posey—" at that she glowered while he just beamed. "Your mum wants to talk to you." "Not that I mind an excuse to get away from this terrible music or out of letting Scorpius embarrass me on the dance floor, but what's going on?" "Not here." When the song changed and the sound of Daisy Bladvak singing yet another Christmas song filled the room, Dad made the face he always made when mum bought him sugarless candy. "The music is terrible, isn't it?" "Terrible doesn't even begin to cover it," she balked. "It made me consider ritualistic suicide. Twice." He paused, mid-step. "Don't let your mum, Lily…or anyone hear you say that." "I, at least, have some tact, dad. Give me some credit." "Key word: some." He had a point. That much she couldn't argue. "Okay, how's this? I promise that for the rest of the night, I won't say anything rude—" "Or sarcastic." She rolled her eyes and repeated with a sigh, "Or sarcastic." "Good." He wrapped his arm around his daughter and hugged her against him as they walked out of the tent and into the Burrow. Silent moments between them were rare, but this was almost peaceful and reflective. Rose found herself rewinding her day; past the bantering with Scorpius, past being trapped with Lily, and past the beginning of the New Year's party of doom. She stopped it during the hour she'd spent with her family, opening gifts. It was the best part of the day. By the time she'd finished opening gifts, she had a dozen cards with Gringott's deposit receipts, a knitted scarf from her grandmother, another fifty Galleons from Aunt Ginny and Uncle Harry that would be used to purchase her very first sofa and coffee table, books from Albus, two movies from Hugo, a remote that ran on magic from the ever-practical Scorpius, a watch made from butterbeer caps from Mrs. Luna, and two front row tickets to a Daisy Bladvack concert from Lily. Truthfully, it had been a pretty good day. No one had pulled her aside for the 'I'm worried about you, Rose' talk, dad had only given her 'the look' three times (a record), and mum hadn't given her the third degree for quitting her job in Floo Regulations. Life was good. It all changed when she stood in the doorway of the drawing room where her mum sat with that therapist look on her face. After checking the room for copies of Pea Soup for the Witch's Soul, she crossed the threshold, confident that this was no intervention. "Come on in," her mum said in a very nurturing tone. Rose instantly had a flashback to the night she'd announced that she was dropping out of Auror Academy…six months into the program. Her memories skipped back further to when she was nine and dreamed of being a famous ballerina, much to her dad's horror. It had lasted for six weeks, precisely when she realised how fucked up their feet were. And then there was the time she— Mum cleared her throat, patting the seat next to her. The worst seat in the entire room. Of course, Rose eyed the recliner, but her dad quickly plopped down and started playing with the lever, which earned him a stern glare from her mum. She tried not to giggle. "Come sit." With a reluctant sigh, Rose dragged herself across the room, sat down, and picked at her cuticles until her mother's hand covered hers. "Rose, let's talk." There wasn't much she could do in this situation. "Okay…" And then her mum looked at her dad. "Would you like to take the lead on this, Ron?" To which he replied with reclining the chair as far back as it would go. "I'll take that as a no—" "A hell no, actually." Dad always knew just what to say to set mum off, and effectively take all the attention off of Rose. She, of course, didn't mind. And she didn't mind their squabbling, either. Yes, squabbling. It wasn't fighting, per se. They never really fought in the traditional sense of the word. Fighting involved the hurling of hurtful words, and according to everyone, they'd done enough of that when they were younger. "Just once it would nice if you took some initiative…." Still, listening to them was like watching two tree sloths race: amusing, absolutely, but Rose never really learned the purpose. Like now. Mum was criticising him because he wasn't taking initiative, but it wasn't in his nature to do such a thing. And for her to carp now was sort of like fussing at the sun after getting sunburned. Rose was far from the most observant person in the world, but she knew that dad was about as laid-back as they came. He supported mum, kept her from going off the deep end, but he never actively participated in her madness. "I'm here, aren't I?" her dad pointed out. "I voted against this, remember? And here I am, so let's get on with it before we miss the countdown and fireworks." "And the ringing in of the New Year is more important than our daughter?" "Yes!" He then looked at Rose and said, "No offence, Rosie." She shrugged. "None taken." Her mum rolled her eyes. "Well, forgive me for keeping you away from picking some young tart—" With a smirk that looked sort of familiar, dad waggled his eyebrows and said, "I only have one witch on my midnight snog list. She's incredibly bossy and, not to mention, brilliant. She has bushy hair and—" "Okay, ew," Rose covered her eyes. How sickening! "I can leave if you two would like to be alone." "No. I have something for you." Her mother's cheeks were a little red when she presented her with a little box. When Rose started to question what was in it, she gently said, "Just open it. It's our gift to you." So she did, and was instantly confused. She held the card up. "I know what this is, but for laughs, can someone please explain to me why there is a St. Mungo's identification card in this box?" Rose looked closer. "And where did you get this picture of me? It's ghastly!" Naturally, her mother ignored her final question. "I pulled some strings and got you a job as a Healer's assistant—" "You what?" Rose shrilled. "Better yet, why? I can't work at St. Mungo's!" "Why not?" Her dad looked just as intrigued as her mum, which was not a good thing. "Everyone knows that if you're not an experienced Healer, the shifts are long and the pay is unspeakably bad." She told them candidly. "Besides working there will cut into my allotted ravenous-reading, movie-marathoning, savvy-shopping, and aimless-alliterating time. And I just can't have that." Her logical mother had to input with: "Well, aren't you always saying that you have to try something for at least six months to really—" Stubbornly, she folded her arms. "Not with this, I don't." "You never know, you may like it," her dad inserted with a half-shrug. "Et tu, Brute?" Rose accused, the beginnings of a pout forming on her face. When he returned with a blank stare, she rolled her eyes. That wasn't going to work. Her mother was staring with a humoured gleam in her eyes that made Rose want to scream. "Argh! Mum, I appreciate this, but I'm actually certain that I won't like it. I hear enough horror stories from Scorpius as is." Her mum's face lit up. "Ah, that's right! He just started two months ago! That's another reason why you should give this a shot." And when Rose just blinked, she added, "Didn't you want to be a Healer at some point?" "When I was seven! I also wanted to be an astronaut, a reporter for The Daily Prophet, a comedian, a Potions Mistress, an archaeologist, a professor at Hogwarts, a princess, a deep sea diver, an Auror, a food critic, a ninja, an Obliviator, a photographer, a treasure hunter, the Minister of Magic, an inventor, a—" "Didn't you want to be an architect?" Dad piped in. "Until I realised I couldn't draw!" she shrilled. He laughed. "You didn't even make it six months in cello lessons, either." And his smile faulted slightly, "Come to think of it, I can't think of one thing you've kept up with longer than six months." With an infuriating smile on her face, her mother patted her hand and said, "I have a proposition that will change that." Rose didn't like the sound of that. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: A heartfelt 'thank you' goes out to drcjsnider and kate0404 for betaing this for me. This was written for the Birthday Prompt Challenge at The Dark Mark. Also this is my very first attempt at Next Gen and Rose/Scorpius, and boy is it a scary leap having to admit in my writing that canon actually happened. I intended on this to be a oneshot, but an idea popped into my head and then this crazy plot bunny bit me. This story's genre is really romance/mystery/drama/humor all rolled into one, but ffnet only let me pick two. Also, as for their characterizations. I've read a bunch of Next Gen stories that have Rose and Scorpius as carbon copies of Draco and Hermione...I decided not to take this route. There is a lot of Ron in her and some of Hermione (with regards to her intelligence), but for the most part she's her own person. The same goes for Scorpius. I'm not exactly the biggest fan of Lily Potter II, but this story is not going to bash her. As always, there is a method to my madness...and to her characterization. :)
This conversation Information that you wanted me to share But I didn't want to be there So I'll grant you one wish that won't come true. This Conversation is Over – Acceptance Chapter Two — Lies and Recurring Dreams Scorpius wanted to travel the world. He wanted to visit the Kremlin in Russia, float along the waters of Venice in a gondola, stand in front of the statues on Easter Island, walk through the ruins of Pompeii, ponder the deeper meaning behind the design of the Zen Garden of Kyoto, and experience everything that was Reykjavik, Iceland. It was strange for a Malfoy to have such dreams, but Aunt Daphne loved the idea. She often rambled about self-discovery and feeding the human soul with inspiration. Scorpius figured that her Elf-wine induced babblings were code for: "Don't let your family force you to marry the first rich coot that throws Galleons around after the war or else you'll end up like me: miserable with too many children." Or something like that. The rest of his family, however, were harder to convince. When Scorpius announced that he wanted to do some travelling, they all had incorrectly assumed that he would be using his trust to fund the trip. So when his father only regarded him with a raised eyebrow before he continued chewing on his steak, every one of his close relative got together and decided that since his father wasn't going to ask any questions, they would. They began bombarding Scorpius for details about accommodations, an organised agenda for each week of his travels, and thorough financial reports. Ever since before he could remember, his entire family had been fanatical about making sure that he had enough sense to not squander the family's wealth after the elders were dead and gone. They also were completely obsessed with the idea of Scorpius marrying a high-class, pure-blooded witch from a powerful family. Scorpius refused to even think about that. He figured they would relax when he explained that he wouldn't be using any of his trust money for his travels, but that knowledge only upset them more. "Malfoys always travel in style and never travel light," his mother told him on her last visit as they walked the Manor's gardens. "You simply cannot do that on your insufficient salary, Scorpius." He had half the mind to tell her that she hadn't been part of the family in years and that it was too late for her to start being his mother, but thought better. He loved his mother despite their rocky relationship and her many flaws. Needless to say, talking to his family was one of those lose-lose situations that Father had told to him about. There was no point in trying to change any of their stubborn minds. The men in his family lived by strategy and logistics, the women had a hand in their husband's pockets but firm foothold on the ground, and everyone always asked the question he hated most: "Why?" And Rose always wondered why he was always so damn practical. Every time he dared to sway from the pragmatic and mundane, he could hear all their nagging voices in his head resonating, "Why?" Logic and sensibility had been ingrained into his life since birth, and it worked well for him, but he'd learned that sometimes it was okay not to have a plan for everything. When Scorpius explained that to his sensible grandmother, she had shook her head, as if dealing with an ignorant child, and chanted her personal motto: "A structured life leads to less stress and more success." But as the countdown to the New Year started and anticipation all around him started to peak, Scorpius ignored Lily's batting eyelashes, casually shoved a grinning Albus, and disagreed. "Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! …" He thrived on chaos, lived for the stress that came along with it, and loved every second of it. His most successful moments on the Quidditch pitch at school and as a Healer had been during moments of utter pandemonium when his heart threatened to hammer its way through his ribcage, and adrenaline rushed through his veins and raised the hair on the backs of his arms. And while pragmatism and sensibility provided stability and comfort, Scorpius felt more alive while counting down the seconds than he had in the last five hours. "Four! Three! Two! One! … Happy New Year!" The room erupted. Scorpius was blinded by a downpour of colourful confetti and nearly deafened by the sounds of drums and balloons that were charmed to pop to the Muggle tune, Auld Lang Syne. It was a sensory overload at it's very finest, and he revelled in it. However, the moment Al disappeared in the crowd, his sister went in for the kill…. When Scorpius turned seventeen, his father sat him down in his private study, poured him a glass of fine scotch, and said, "Give a witch an inch and she thinks she's a ruler." It wasn't until he turned—nearly too late—to avoid starting the new year with his lips firmly attached to Lily's that Scorpius began to think that Father was right. Lily gave him a puzzled look, smiled, and tried again. That time, Scorpius held her at arm's length. "Look—" "Oh, come on, Score!" She didn't notice when his jaw clenched involuntarily at that nickname. Lily was the only person who called him 'Score'. Well, Rose did, but only when she was actively trying to annoy him. "Live a little. Indulge in an old tradition!" "Not all traditions need to be kept because of longevity." And with that, Scorpius sidestepped her and made a clean exit. After leaving Lily, everything was a blur of hugs and handshakes, hard pats on the back and pecks on the cheek. He waited until the tent was nearly empty before joining everyone outside for the fireworks display. The temperature was chilly—albeit tolerable—and there was a hum of energy and magic in the air. It felt like the anticipation about the year to come and hope had collided and mingled before condensing into a casual atmosphere. As Scorpius made his way through the hordes of guests, he searched for a familiar face, but didn't find one until he emerged from the back of the crowd. Henrietta was sitting on the grass, legs folded politely under her black dress robes. She regarded him with a warm smile and gestured for him to sit next to her. Thanks to several days without rain, the grass was dry and he sat without worrying about stains on his robes. They were nearly impossible to remove. "I heard you snubbed Lily Potter," she said matter-of-factly, tucking her blonde hair behind her ears. Scorpius frowned. "Where did you hear that?" "From Al." she picked at an imaginary piece of lint from her dress. "Well, Al heard it from his mum, who heard it from Hugo, who heard it from his grandmother, who actually saw the snub take place." "I'm almost certain that she has eyes in the back of her head." Henrietta laughed. "And a proclivity for matchmaking. She's determined to see you with one of her granddaughters. Since you and Rose are such good friends, it makes sense that she would push you toward Lily." Scorpius shuddered at the thought. "I'd rather walk over hot coals…or broken glass." She snorted. "What's wrong with Lily? Besides the fact that she's…" He didn't understand why Henrietta was choosing her words so carefully. "Very much into herself." He relaxed back on the palms of his hand. "There's nothing wrong with her. She's just not my type." Scorpius could almost hear the gears in her head churning and knew she was formulating a thought or question. He carefully changed the subject. "When are the fireworks supposed to start?" "In a few minutes. I imagine they're almost finished setting up. So, why isn't she—?" "She's just not," he clipped. The problem was that Henrietta liked to dig into him with personal questions. As a Muggleborn, she found his lifestyle and upbringing incredibly interesting. And more than that, she thought of him as an enigma; a mystery, but Scorpius preferred not to be picked apart like a corpse before vultures. He had a family that did that perfectly. While in school, Scorpius used to talk to her freely, but his trust had waned when—on several occasions—he found her scribbling in her notepad after their conversations. It was especially unnerving when she started asking him to repeat what he'd said. It had never set well with the private wizard. He wasn't sure when, but Scorpius had constructed a 'Henrietta wall' around himself, restricting their conversations to more informal topics, such as academics or work. "Al told me that you were helping set up." "I was, but Lily came over and started taking her frustration with you out on everyone else, so I decided to excuse myself." Henrietta stared at him as if she were studying him before she calmly informed, "Al left to help Rose take her gifts home." Scorpius couldn't help but notice how Henrietta's voice changed when she said Rose's name. He had always known that she didn't care for Rose; she'd never kept it a secret and Rose never really cared to notice. They butted heads about everything, probably because Henrietta was too conservative and Rose…well, wasn't. They were almost too different to coexist. Scorpius secretly thought that Rose's nonchalant attitude and Henrietta's closed-mindedness had doomed them from the start. "Apparently," she continued. "She left after a talk with her parents." "I never pegged you as a gossipmonger, Henrietta." "Gossip?" a familiar voice said from behind them. A very familiar voice. Scorpius instinctively rolled his eyes before looking over his shoulder at Lily. Thankfully, she wasn't alone. Hugo Weasley was standing next to her, but he was busy talking to one of the Scamander twins—Scorpius could never tell them apart. "Who said something about gossip? I just love gossip!" "It was nothing important, really." Henrietta smiled thinly. "Pity," Lily sniffed and clasped her hands together. "So, we were walking around, trying to find the best place to watch the fireworks, and we—" Hugo cleared his throat and gave her a dirty look. Lily rolled her eyes. "Okay, I thought that this would be the perfect place." Of course she did, Scorpius thought with another roll of his eyes. "Well—" Henrietta started uncomfortably. "Oh!" she covered her mouth. "I hope we weren't interrupting anything important." Hugo snorted a little too loudly. And while Scorpius fought back the urge to chuckle and Lily cut her eyes in her cousin's general direction, the Scamander twin and Henrietta exchanged confused looks. "You weren't," he finally said after the awkward silence. "Then you won't mind if we joined you?" Henrietta opened her mouth, probably to tell her how much she minded, but Scorpius interrupted her smoothly. "You're more than welcome to join us." He stood and dusted the grass blades off his robes and straightened his gasses. "In fact, Lily, you can have my seat." She blushed and sat down next to a blank-faced Henrietta. "But where will you sit?" Scorpius gave her his very best smile and replied, "Right next to you…when I return." But he never did. People—namely his entire family, Henrietta, and most of the Ravenclaws from their year—had always asked him, "Why Rose Weasley? Why in the hell are you friends with her?" And Scorpius always responded with, "Why not Rose?" She was different from everything he knew—everything in which he was accustomed. Scorpius' life was the epitome of structured and formal, but Rose… If it was possible to be so enigmatic and interesting that people watched you and paid Galleons to read about your adventures in magazines all over the country, that was Rose. People who didn't know Rose loved her, while the people who knew her best worried about her. He never quite understood the basis for their concerns. Yes, she possessed an active imagination and a penchant for the dramatics, but she also had a wicked sense of humour and a sharp tongue. Sure, she had abysmal taste in books and quit more jobs than he could count on his fingers and toes, but Rose was savvy and firm…when she wanted to be. People judged her almost as much as they judged him, but they underestimated her far more. Why wouldn't he want to be her friend? He could always count on her to have something smart to say and to burn the first bag of popcorn on, well, any night. So, Scorpius wasn't too surprised when, upon entering her flat after leaving the party, he was greeted by the smell of charred popcorn and the sound of her voice. "You are being completely unreasonable, microwave!" Rose passionately raved. "If it weren't for the fact that you make popcorn taste so much better, I would've tossed you out! I saved you, and this is how you repay me!?" He shook his head, loosened his tie, and removed his jacket, fanning himself. Rose had an aversion to being cold and kept her thermostat set on 'hell' during the winter months. He tossed his jacket on the back of her transfigured sofa and looked around. Her entire flat was small and desperately needed more furniture, but it was attractive and cosy. She'd picked the flat for the hardwood floors and the gallery-style kitchen that she barely used. Oh, and low rent, which shouldn't have been able to attain a car park in East Finchley. Exactly how she managed that feat, he wasn't sure. Al remained convinced she Confounded everyone, to which she replied with, "When you're as persuasive as I am, you don't need magic." Scorpius snorted. Rose let out an aggravated yell. "If putting in a bag of popcorn for two and a half minutes, and adding thirty seconds cooks it perfectly, then putting it in for three minutes shouldn't burn it!" It also didn't help that Rose had a love/hate relationship with her kitchen appliances. "This is a conspiracy! You want to keep me from my popcorn, but I won't let you! You will not win because I will not go quietly into the night!" Scorpius could always tell her frustration level by what movie line she quoted. The older the movie, the more upset she was. A thirty year old movie quote, while bad, was completely manageable…with a little intervention. "I don't think the microwave cares, Rose." "Because it's a—" There was a pause. "Wait a second." And Rose's head peeked out of the kitchen. There was a puzzled look on her face. "Why aren't you at the party?" "Why aren't you at the party?" he retorted, giving her a pointed stare. "I didn't want to see the fireworks," Rose replied rather flippantly and returned to the kitchen. As he followed her, he could hear the sound of her tossing the bag of popcorn into the rubbish bin. "Once you've seen one, you've seen them all." Scorpius crossed his arms and leaned against the doorway, watching her awkwardly muddle around the small kitchen. She'd changed into more comfortable clothes: a hot pink polka dotted shirt, black shorts, and bright yellow knee-high socks. "You're a terrible liar." Rose opened another bag of popcorn and put it into the microwave. She pressed a button and turned to face him with her hands on her hips. "I'm actually quite good. You're just too observant. The truth is," she sighed. "I wasn't in the mood for fireworks." "Because of the talk with your parents?" She frowned. "How did you know about that?" "Henrietta." "Never pegged her for a gossipmonger." Scorpius smirked. "Neither did I." "The talk had nothing to do with me leaving. In fact, the talk wasn't so bad after all. I have a feeling that this will be the last intervention that my mum orchestrates." "I highly doubt that." The timer on the microwave went off and Rose went to retrieve her bag of popcorn. She shook the bag and patted the top of her microwave. "Actually, it will be. You see, my mum made me a proposition." Scorpius quirked an interested brow. "She got me a job as a Healer's assistant to some witch named…" Rose trailed off thoughtfully. "What was her name, again? Blossom? No. Marigold? No. Shoshanna?" He rolled his eyes. When it came to names, Rose had the memory of a goldfish. Tapping her cheek with her finger, Rose tilted her head to the side. "Hmm…Shoshanna? I don't think that's right. I know it was some floral name, but I can't remember." Scorpius snorted. Rose held up the bag of popcorn. "Want some?" He declined. "It always gets stuck in my teeth." "You and your precious teeth." She rolled her eyes and walked past him. "You sound like my mum when she tried to give me a bag kernel-less popcorn. Please explain the purpose of popcorn without kernels, because I just don't get it!" "Did you know that in Mexico, Muggle medicine men would throw the kernels into an open fire and tell the future according to their 'popping direction'?" He followed Rose to her sparsely furnished sitting room and sat on the sofa while she searched her bookshelf for a movie. Rose just looked over her shoulder and blinked. "How did you know that?" "Muggle Studies." "But you didn't even take it. I did! For the easy 'O'." "Didn't you get an—" "We all know that Professor Clovenhoove had it out for me. I swear, you make up one story about Muggles and no one ever lets you live it down." Scorpius smiled. "What movie are we watching?" "The Sword of Deception." Groaning, he rested his head back on the hard cushion. "Not again." Rose was going through a foreign language movie phase, which meant that she picked one movie with subtitles and watched it repeatedly. For weeks, he'd been forced to watch the story of a sword forged by a psychotic blacksmith and a dark wizard that gradually possessed the mind of the king who wielded it. They watched him build his empire and destroy himself in the process. Of course, Rose wasn't drawn to the movie because of the obvious deeper meaning of the film. She just liked the sword fights. And Scorpius couldn't lie. He'd enjoyed the fights and the lessons the movie had taught…the first time he'd seen it. However, after nine times, he was ready to blow up the disc. "But it's such a good movie! I personally like—" "How one chance encounter can steer a good king on the path to destruction? How he starts to realise something is wrong with this sword and starts trying to save his humanity? Or how he throws himself into the volcano to save everyone from the sword?" "None of that, really. I liked it when he chopped that man in half. That was cool." Rose dug into the cushions of the sofa for the remote and made herself comfortable by draping her legs over his lap. Scorpius rolled his eyes, but never fussed. "By the way, you never told me what the proposition was." "Well, you kept getting me off topic." She poked him in the arm playfully. "Anyway, the proposition is simple. I'm going to take this job at St. Mungo's. And if I somehow manage to not quit in the next six months and one day, she'll leave me alone about…well, everything." He straightened his glasses. "What happens if you lose?" "I go back to the Auror Academy," Rose replied with a look of distaste on her face. "But you hated it." There was a determined gleam in her eyes when she said, "Which is precisely why I'm going to win." Still, Scorpius had his doubts, but Rose continued before he could voice them. "Another motivator is that my parents are going to give me an extra hundred Galleons every two weeks." "Why?" "Because being a Healer's Assistant doesn't pay enough for me to stay in my flat. And since my parents and I agree that me moving back home is not the answer, they're going to give me an extra two hundred Galleons every month—" "That's nearly a thousand pounds, Rose! Your rent is—" "I know that, and so do my parents. It was their suggestion. In fact, they started at four hundred Galleons and I had to talk them out of that ridiculousness. I think this is their way of putting extra money in my pockets so I can actually furnish this place and stop "living risky", as my mum calls it. I would've argued it down further, but she had that look in her eye and I figured that further resistance was futile." Once Rose started the dreaded movie, Scorpius thought about more about the proposition her parents had offered. Truthfully, he wasn't sure if either could hold up their end of the bargain. Contrary to Rose's beliefs, she and her mother were a lot alike. Besides being intelligent, stubborn, and resourceful, they both were ambitious…in different ways. There were two types of ambition: temporary and blind. Rose's ambition was temporary. She put her everything into something until she grew tired of it and quit. However, her mother's ambition was blind, which was the more dangerous of the two because the word 'quit' wasn't in her vocabulary. Rose was under the impression that this proposition would be the end of a war they'd fought since she graduated from Hogwarts, but he knew that it was only the beginning. Scorpius always had the same dream. He couldn't remember much about it; just the feelings it elicited. He knew that he was on a beach with black sand, and he was never alone. In the four years he'd had this dream, not once had he ever seen her face. Still, Scorpius couldn't ignore the feeling that he knew her…from somewhere. And even when he felt himself waking up, he could still feel that satisfied sensation she elicited from him. It was like he'd drunk a glass of water, unaware that he was even thirsty, and it hit the spot. That was what the dream was for him; whomever he was with just hit the spot. Scorpius grunted when he opened his eyes. Sunrays were sneaking in through a small opening in the window shade and landing on his face. He stretched his arms up, engulfed in the cottony feel of the blanket, and his eyes started to adjust to the light. Scorpius didn't even panic about where he was. He just knew. What he didn't know was what the hell had happened. One minute he was listening to Rose ramble about the movie, and the next his neck was reciting a tale of uncomfortable sleep. Scorpius stretched his arms over his head again, trying to rid himself of stiffness. Then, he rolled on his side and his arm hit flesh. In reciprocation, a hand swung out and hit him in the face. Scorpius gave her a shove. "Stop hogging the bed, Rose." "It's my bed…so shut up…you ingrate," the body next to him muttered, heavy with sleep. "It's way…too early…for this…shit." "Why am I in your bed?" Rose groaned, sat up, and whacked him with the pillow she had been sleeping on. He snatched the pillow and threw it on the floor. "Because someone fell asleep and furniture transfigurations only last oh-so long. So, I levitated you in here. You're lucky we're mates. If you were anyone else, I would've left your arse in there." She wasn't lying. "You sleep like the dead and your glasses are on the bedside table," she informed, looking at the clock on her bedside. "And we have exactly one hour before we have to be at my aunt and uncle's for New Year's brunch." Squinting, he found his glasses and put them on. "What time is it?" "Just past eleven." "I should—" The doorbell sounded. "Who in the hell…" Rose, who was missing a sock and looked extremely dishevelled, clumsily forced herself out of the bed. "I swear, if the person on the other side of the door has the last name of Weasley or Potter, I'll hex them good," she muttered viciously as she went to answer the door. Scorpius yawned and scanned the room for his socks and shoes. He found them against the wall. He was in the middle of putting his second sock on when he heard a very familiar voice say, "Nice look, Rosie. You look like you got struck by lightning." And then he heard her punch him somewhere. "Call me Rosie one more time, Al, and I'll kick your arse." "Empty threats, Rosie—OW! That actually stung a bit." Scorpius snorted a little too loudly as he walked to the doorway of her bedroom. "What was that?" He made his presence known. "That would be me laughing at your dumb arse." Albus made a face. "At least I know why you never came home last night." He then looked at them both, smirked, and wiggled his eyebrow suggestively. "What were you two up—?" Rose smacked him in the back of the head. "You perv!" He winced and cut his eyes at Scorpius who was snickering. "We just watched movies…or rather, I watched a movie and Scorpius did a very good impression of a coma patient." She huffed. "I reopened the Floo, so scram. I have to get dressed." And with that, Rose walked past them and into her room, closing the door behind her. Scorpius walked past his best friend and into the sitting room where he picked up his tie and jacket. He had a feeling that Albus wanted to say something that he couldn't say around Rose, and didn't have to wait long. "What really happened? Rose closed her Floo." He turned to his best friend. "Exactly what she said. I came here from the party, we started to watch a movie, and I fell asleep. Nothing more." Scorpius explained coolly. "Oh, and Rose always closes her Floo at night. It's to stop people from barging in before she wakes up." With a shake of his head, his best friend ran a hand through his messy hair. "So you're going to do this for another year?" Scorpius was starting to get a bit testy. "Do what?" He knew exactly what Albus was talking about, but preferred to play stupid. "Lie." Before he could snappishly retort, Albus gave him a shove towards the Floo. "Just so you know, I told Lily and everyone that you got sick and went home. So don't worry about getting a high-heeled shoe to the face today." "Don't worry, I wasn't." Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed this chapter! A heartfelt 'thank you' goes out to drcjsnider for betaing this for me. It was oddly hard to write. *glares at Scorpius* He wasn't being all that nice to me.
Now it's Monday morning, I'm still yawning Scuffing down the city street Heading for the clock on Bought a 'Daily Record' like a real man Well I made it to the real world But I'm not living in the real world I'm Not Living In The Real World - Belle and Sebastian Chapter Three – Pink Robes The first warning started as a steady chirp, like a hungry baby bird. Not bad, but loud enough to draw Rose from her already fleeting dreams. She scowled, not even bothering to open her eyes. "Ihateyoupleasedie." To which the alarm replied by getting louder. It was that time again. Time to go to war with yet another inanimate object. Despite its innocuous exterior and fifteen various nature sounds, her clock was pure evil and it was Rose's duty as a person who valued her sleep to silence it by beating it into submission. After a half-hearted fist pump of victory, Rose finally cracked an eye open to squint at the green numbers. Five o'clock on a disgusting Tuesday morning, and here she was being forced out of bed to go to St. Mungo's and work for a witch with a too-common floral name that she still couldn't remember. She couldn't help but groan at the unfairness of it all. This is precisely when her clock decided to deliver a second, more insistent, wake-up call that sounded like an old 'air raid' siren. So much for the nature sounds. Rose swore viciously. "I didn't even set you, demon!" She found the cord on sheer luck and ripped it from the wall before burying her head under the covers for a few minutes of extra sleep. The silence lasted a moment before the alarm revved back to life, sounding less like an air raid and more like someone was attacking her flat. With cannons. And the Overture of 1812. It startled Rose so badly she fell out of bed. "Son of a-" Using the bed as leverage, she got back to her feet and went on the attack. That time, nothing would silence it. It shrilled through her beatings and blared over her cursing. Not even a few well-aimed hexes would shut the abomination up. "Fine!" she screamed in frustration. "I'm awake!" And the clock fell silent. "You are so being replaced. I know I've been threatening for years, but I've had enough of your—" Rose froze mid-rant and inhaled. Coffee. It was coming from her flat and she hadn't even programmed the coffee-maker. Curiously, she grabbed her wand, and started creeping down the hall. She peered into sitting room. Everything was dark and silent, except the kitchen light was on and someone was humming merrily. Oh. Threat terminated, Rose used her wand to create a hideous bun for her hair and walked through the sofa-less sitting room. There was only one person intelligent enough to get into her flat – through the blocked Floo – without setting off her wards; one family member insane enough to be awake and humming happily at this time of morning; one parent wicked enough to give her a possessed alarm clock for Christmas when the Headmistress wrote about Rose's tardiness to her morning classes. "Morning, mum." Her mother sat at her small kitchen table, sipping a cup of coffee and reading over what looked like her daily itinerary while humming a now familiar tune. The Overture of 1812. She greeted her unkempt daughter with a raised eyebrow and a smile that she tried to hide behind her mug. "I do love a little Tchaikovsky in the morning." "You are the worst." She flopped in the other chair, but straightened automatically when she received a look over the papers. "And I'm not even going to ask how you got in." "Smart." Rose sulked. "I'll have you know that not even dad can't even get through my wards." "Your dad isn't me." Rose had an unsettling moment of disorientation, startled suddenly by how much her mother's quick, wicked smiled reminded her of her own. For years, she would baulk at anyone who mentioned how much she favoured her mum, never seeing their similarities until right then. It was disturbing. "Besides," Mum continued, blissfully unaware of Rose's thought process. "You seem to forget that I taught you everything you know about wards." With an effortless flick of her hand, she levitated the coffee pot and spelled it to pour Rose a fresh cup. She'd been trying to figure out how to do that for years, but mum wouldn't show her how because it would only 'promote further laziness on her part.' Unfortunately, she had a point. Once the pot was back on its base, her mother asked, "Too much sugar and milk, right?" "I take it black." "Since when?" Since now, Rose silently answered, frowning at her own petulance. Mum had a way of making her feel twelve again…and completely inadequate. It wasn't on purpose; at least that was what dad had said. Her mother didn't think on the same plane as as normal people, and she had ridiculously high expectations for them. So far, Hugo was living up to the expectations set for him with his art school and his study habits. Rose? Not so much. Six N.E.W.T.s and no career plans wasn't exactly what her mother had planned for her eldest. Frustration propelled Rose from her chair. "Forget it." She shuffled to her refrigerator, opening it with a resigned huff…and then she saw it. Surely, Rose was seeing things. No. Not in her refrigerator. Not in her flat. She slammed it shut and opened again, but it was still there. She shot her mother an accusing look. "Did you do this?" Of course, she didn't even bat an eye, accustomed to Rose's dramatic outbursts. In a tone as dry as hot sand, her mother asked, "What, Rose?" "There are healthy things in my refrigerator." Which earned her an eyeroll. "And I'm reading a newspaper." At Rose's affronted glare, her mum's eyes widened innocently. "I thought we were playing that game where everyone states the obvious." "No," Rose folded her arms, looking like she'd eaten a sour pickle. "I hate that game. I always lose." She then put her hands on her hips in an attempt to look more intimidating. Judging from the look on her mother's face, it wasn't working. "There are still green things in here." "It's celery, Rose. You eat vegetables." "Because you refused to give us sugar until we were old enough to buy it and now that I've had my taste of the good life, I refuse to go back to..." she paused to examine each item carefully. "Carrots, asparagus, and a bag of kale. Is that—" Rose blinked, then directed her pained expression at her mother. "There's a squash in my refrigerator-" "You're being serious. Right-?" "I thought you loved me." Mum refolded the paper, her tone as matter-of-fact as ever. "You're being dramatic and your refrigerator had no food." She ignored that last part. "There was food." "Old Treacle Tarts, chocolate pudding, and a tofu stir-fry Scorpius left yesterday to stop Albus from inhaling it during his post-work hunger rampage do not count as food." "Dad would beg to differ. Wait. How did you-" "There was a dated note that said 'Warning: Contains vegetables and tofu.'" Her mother didn't miss a beat. "I'm reiterating common knowledge, but vegetables are good for you. They have vitamins and minerals." Rose was too busy frowning at the baby carrots to hear her mother. "I can't believe you put kale in this refrigerator. They could have broken the poor machine." "Well." She calmly sipped her coffee. "I'll have you know that this has been the most ridiculous conversation I've had since your dad tried to convince me that pushing Hugo into a lake was an effective method to teach him how to swim and to cure his fear of water. Two birds, one stone." Rose cringed. "I'm still trying to figure out how he's going to survive art school in Venice, of all places." "He'll be fine," her mother waved her hand haphazardly. "Now back to you. Carrots-" She quickly jumped back on the defence. "Turn your skin orange. How can anything that turns you its colour be healthy?" Rose shut the door to the refrigerator and opened the freezer. She pulled out a pint of ice cream, showcased it, and said, "Ice cream doesn't cause those sorts of problems." "Because it causes others." Her mother shook her head. "It's amazing to me that you're not on a 'Parvati Patil: Weight Guru' special." "Don't hate the metabolism, embrace it…and if all else fails, blame dad." "Well, I'm just making sure that you're eating healthy now that you're not living at home. Lily was saying some interesting things about people who don't eat enough fruits and vegetables—" Rose snorted as she put the ice-cream back into the freezer. "Lily looks like a praying mantis with her pointy elbows and...aren't they the ones who eat the males after mating?" She pondered for a moment. "Sounds about right." She shuddered at the mental image of Lily eating Scorpius. Yeah, that wasn't going to happen. Not if she could help it. "Rose!" "What?" At the tight look on her mother's face, she sighed. Rose knew very well that Mum fretted over the lack of love between her and Lily. It wouldn't bode well for her to throw that in her face. "Okay. I'll take back the praying mantis bit, but the rest is true. She needs to add carbs to her diet because I'm tired of her salivating over all the sweet treats at family functions. It's sad. Besides, I can't take nutrition tips from anyone who doesn't eat carbs. It's like taking duelling tips from a person who has never been in a fight." She went in the refrigerator, ignoring all the vegetables, and pulled out the milk. "I know you agree with me. You love pasta." Her mother summoned the sugar out the cabinet. "I do agree, somewhat. Life is about balance, not the extremes. However, that doesn't mean that she's not right some respect. I'm just looking out for you; Lily is too, in a way." Rose inwardly snorted. Hardly. "I know you have my best interests at heart, but honestly, there are better ways. What's next? Tofu noodles that you try to pass off as linguine? I will not be fooled by food trickery." Mum made a disgusted face. "Finally, something we can agree on." The bit of tension in the room dissolved when mother and daughter started laughing together. Rose lived for little moments like this. When being in the same room as her mum didn't involve word games and trying to outmanoeuvre the smartest witch she'd ever known; when being around her was tolerable instead of excruciating. Her mother didn't say anything when Rose poured milk into her coffee until it was nearly white and added a few heaping teaspoons of sugar before stirring. She sipped and read the comics, giggling over her favourites, while Mum went back to reading the paper. A few moment later, she mumbled, "Oh no." "What mum?" "William Savage died yesterday morning at St. Mungo's." "Who?" "William Savage. After the war, he trained new recruits for the Auror Department. He trained me when I first joined after graduating from Hogwarts. He tried to challenge me and didn't treat me like everyone else did, assuming that I knew everything from the start. I admired him for it. He taught me a lot." "How did he die?" "It says here that the cause of his death is undetermined." Rose was confused. "But why was he in the hospital in the first place?" "He came into contact with a powerful dark artefact during a raid." It was a vague response, which meant the case was still under investigation. "He should have died within hours, but they got him to St. Mungo's fast enough for Healers to slow down his deterioration. A few extra months was all he had, but he said he wanted to spend them with his family." Her mother shook her head, sadness clouding her eyes. "I guess he didn't make it." Rose shifted in her seat, unsure of how to respond. There were two things that made her physically uncomfortable: anything involving Scorpius' family and displays of raw emotions. Both were messy and troublesome. She guzzled down her coffee with gusto, an escape plan already in the works. "I'm going to take a shower and get ready. My first shift is—" Mum folded the paper abruptly, all traces of sadness eradicated by a burst of excitement. "In a few hours, I know. That's why I'm here." "Erm." That was creepy. "I just figured you were here to wake me up and infect my refrigerator." "That, too, but I wanted to make you a hearty breakfast and drive you to work. Doesn't that sound like a great idea?" "Will saying no change anything?" "Not in the least." "Thought so." Her mother's idea of a hearty breakfast was a fibre-filled oat bran cereal concoction she'd invented when Rose was a child. It tasted like dried leaves and cardboard, and the piece of avocado on the side didn't make the meal any better. Rose hated avocados. They were tasteless and oily, which completely defied the law of fruit. So naturally, she waited until her mother wasn't looking before she tossed the avocado out and dumped as much sugar into the bowl as possible, but it did very little to improve the taste of the cereal. The first crunching bites took her back over ten years when she used to force-feed it to the cat, and then Hugo when the cat started having diarrhoea. "It will keep you full until lunch." "I fo dat," Rose mumbled with a full mouth as she crunched on a particularly hard mouthful. Her jaw was hurting. Finally, she swallowed. "Too bad it tastes like wood." "It's not that bad. It should be really sweet for you. After all, you've dumped half the sugar canister into it." Her mouth fell open in shock. How had she seen? As if answering her question, her mum tapped her temple as if to remind her that she knew everything. Bugger. "So the flavour—" "Even with the mountain of sugar, if you lick a dirty table, you'll get an approximation of the flavour." "Well, your brother loves it. And Scorpius, too." Rose snorted. "They wouldn't know good food if it slapped them. Hugo is...Hugo. And Scorpius is all about anything that will, and I quote, 'keep my body as sharp as my mind.' I weep for his children." "Har, har. Finish up and go get dressed. What time does your shift start?" She glanced at the clock. "Two hours from now." "Doesn't hurt to be early." Actually, it did. Rose's frown had deepened to a scowl by the time her mum pulled up outside St. Mungo's visitor's entrance an hour later. It was still dark enough for lamp posts and headlights, but dawn was coming and the city was showing signs of life. A few Muggles bustled by in a rush to get out of the cold, a few cyclist zipped past, and the restaurant across the street flipped on their open sign. Rose's stomach growled at the mere thought of a delicious fry-up with hash browns. Real food. But first, there was the matter of her still-chattering mother. Rose had a sneaking suspicion that Mum only used one of her endless number of holidays to make sure she was out of her flat on time. Not that she had anything to worry about. The sodding alarm made sure she was out of bed and positively violent. Still, her mother spent half the short trip going on about how it was nice to do normal things together and Rose had to bite her tongue to stop from saying, 'driving your twenty-one year old to work is not normal in any country.' She zoned out after her mum mentioned how 'exciting' this was for the sixth time. It was like she was trapped in a bad after-school specials. At nearly seven in the morning. "Do you need me to pick you up?" "Thanks, but no." "I thought about us going to dinner tonight. Hugo leaves this weekend and we can celebrate your new job—" "That you got me." "Semantics," she hand waved Rose's argument away. "Oh! We could go to that new restaurant in Diagon Alley. The Cove, I think? It's gotten great reviews." "You're forgetting that I'm no food snob. Only you and Hugo care about that sort of thing. Dad will eat anything so long as it's edible and I just hope it's not one of those restaurants where they try to pass off a sliver of salmon and tiny red potato as an entire meal. I always end up attacking the first food vendor I see. Once day that tactic is going to get me arrested, or worse, banned." Her mother snorted out a laugh. "Nice to see that you have your priorities in order." "Isn't it?" Rose flashed a grin and fixed the top button of her brown coat. "Besides, we should probably postpone that dinner until tomorrow. I'm going furniture shopping with Scorpius after his shift is over. He's threatening to Vanish my telly if I don't at least buy a sofa. Something about bring tired of the vanishing furniture." She shrugged. "It's about time." She rolled her eyes and opened the car door, shivering a little in the crisp London morning. Still, it had nothing on Scotland. "Funny, funny. We probably will be done around...seven?" "Well, just bring Scorpius along. Your dad and I don't mind." After a half-heared "I'll ask," Rose closed the door and walked slowly toward the building. Her mum beeped twice before she drove off. She waited until the car was out of sight before walking to the little restaurant and indulging in a second breakfast. It was much better than the first. Full and happy, Rose made her way back. Her frown returned when she realised that her day was only beginning. Scorpius once told a roomful of people that the act of Rose walking into St. Mungo's on her own volition would be a sure sign of the impending apocalypse. She allowed that nugget of hope to linger as she stood in front of Purge and Dowse, the location of her new prison—oh wait, her new job. Bet or no bet, if she'd remembered just how much she loathed this place, Rose would have never agreed to mum's terms. Her hatred of St. Mungo's started when she thirteen when James had mixed over a hundred Puking Pastilles into her jar of jelly beans as a prank. He wanted to convince her that she was allergic to candy so she would give him the extensive collection that she kept hidden from mum. What he hadn't expected was for her to go on a jelly bean binge following a particularly nasty argument with Scorpius and Al. He also hadn't expected for the antidotes to not work, which caused her to vomit almost non-stop for just under two of the worst weeks of her life while a cure was brewed. She didn't know which was worse: the Medi-witch from the Muggle Ailments department who kept getting sick when she came in to change her fluid bag, or the emergence of James' guilty conscience which caused him to stand against the wall across the room and stare at her with 'forgive me' eyes. It was all extremely disturbing. But then Rose remembered that neither were as bad as Uncle Harry, who had sat at her bedside while she was vomiting into a bucket and said, "History repeats itself in the strangest of ways," with an amused chuckle. Rose made sure to puke on him before he left. "You're supposed to talk to it, not stand there and stare," came an unfamiliar, high-pitched voice from behind her. She detected a bit of humour in the stranger's voice, and annoyance crept up her spine. Pivoting, she rested her hand on her hips. "Thanks for the advice, but I really don't need any—" Of course, it all dissipated the moment she saw the speaker. "Help." She had no face, just thick blonde bangs that covered her eyes and bright pink lipstick. Rose briefly wondered if she swept her hair aside long enough to pick out her clothes. No. She probably didn't. Bangs wore a harsh blend of bright colours and Muggle winter wear that threatened to set her corneas on fire. Yet, all Rose could do was stand, stare, and blink in amazement. There was someone on this planet stranger than Mrs. Luna. They had to be related. Third cousins, or something. Her hot pink lips spread into a smile, revealing a smudge of lipstick on her front tooth. Rose started to tell her, but Bangs started talking again. And, well, she couldn't interrupt that, now could she? "Sorry, mate. I'm used to lost people. I forget that sometimes people just want to stand and absorb their atmosphere before they enter." Rose patted her hair nervously. "Absorb isn't exactly the term I'd use…" "Aww, you must be an ickle Firstie." Blinking slowly, she tilted her head slightly to the side and asked, "An ick—what?" "A Firstie. That's what I call people who are coming here for the first time, whether it's as a patient or an employee. Which are you?" She briefly thought about not answering her question honestly, but decided against it. "An employee. It's also not my first time here." "Even better." Rose didn't like her ominous statement one bit, but didn't have a chance to say anything else because Bangs swept her hair aside for the first time, allowing Rose to see her eyes. The fact that they were blue was the third thing she noticed. The first two were her bright purple eye-shadow and thick mascara. She reached into her big, rainbow-coloured bag and extracted a flowery clip to keep her bangs out of her face. "My name is Jane." Which was a remarkably boring name for such a strange person in Rose's opinion so she mentally christened her 'Bangs' for the foreseeable future, or at least until she could think of something better. "Pleasure to meet you. I'm Rose." She narrowed her eyes slightly and stared for a few uncomfortable moments before she finally asked, "Would your last name be Weasley?" Rose sighed. "Yes." "You're the Rose Weasley?" She blinked. "Um." "Of the Rose Weasley Ward for Muggle Ailments?" "Oh, that." Mum had a habit of giving strange birthday gifts. This past birthday, Rose had been given a job. Last year, she'd gotten Rose's lifetime ban from Madam Maulkin's lifted. Not that she cared. When Rose turned eighteen, she'd been gifted a deodorizer block for her refrigerator that would last until the end of time. All those strange gifts had started when she was five. Instead of getting a doll or a toy like years previous, her mother had donated an enormous sum of money to St. Mungo's for a ward to treat Muggle ailments and named it after her. "You'll be remembered forever. Who cares about material things when you're helping people?" Rose cared, not that it mattered. Bangs bounced on the balls of her feet with excitement. "Isn't it just cool that I get to meet the person named after the ward I stayed in for two weeks with a bad case of the flu?" "Such a small world, it is." Rose smiled weakly and looked at the dummy in the window. "Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Creepy Top Hat?" She gestured for Bangs to walk through the entrance first and followed behind her. Her mum had told her that St. Mungo's had undergone renovations a few years ago, so she pictured a warm, enveloping environment with a smaller, intimate side room that had a little Zen thrown in for good measure. Not this. It felt like the waiting area was decorated by a man who had just gone through a divorce. In the haze of his newfound freedom, he bought some nature prints that his wife would have hexed him over, slapped them on the walls, and spelled them to move. Then, he found some decorative objects for the tables—objects that Rose's little cousins could've designed in their sleep. More than likely, they were expensive as hell and had writing in invisible ink that read, "Mass Produced Crap that Only Dolts Like You Will Buy and Try To Pass Off as Ornamental." The best parts of the room were the bright lights and the music. However, when Rose heard the voice on the Wireless announce that they were about to play Daisy Bladvak's new song, she immediately changed her mind. The lights were definitely the highlight. Rose looked around as she followed chirpy Bangs. There were people occupying every seat, but it was strangely hushed; almost like the Great Hall whenever their Headmistress stood to address them. Everyone was trying to watch her inconspicuously…and failing miserably. She had a feeling that working here wouldn't be any different than working at the twenty other places she'd worked at before. Just a bigger place…with sick people. However, seeing one of the seven 'Emergency Only' Floos come to life quickly changed her mind. Rose watched as two Transport Medi-wizards emerged from the flames and immediately rushed to the back, the levitating body of a patient between them. Bangs slowed and interrupted her thoughts with a whispered, "The waiting area is warded so that no one can see any of the emergency patients or the Transport staff. Except for employees…and me, of course. I'm the Welcome Witch, if you didn't know already. I see everyone who comes in and everyone who leaves," she told Rose proudly in softer tones. "I'm the hospital's security. I take patients' wands before they go back and I can see through their bags." "You can?" She nodded. "Hospital wards allow me to. It's to make sure that they aren't carrying anything that would do anyone harm. There was an incident several years ago when some dark artefacts were smuggled in and used to kill a patient. No one wants a repeat of that fiasco." "I suppose not." Rose instinctively held her beaded bag closer to her body. It was—as all of her most treasured belongings were—completely out of style, but she'd inherited it from her mother before she went off to Hogwarts…and there was no telling what sort of illegal items mum had put in there over the years. "Don't worry, I can't see through your bag." "Why not?" "There are perks to being on the staff, and that is one of them." "What are the others?" "After today, you'll be able to Floo directly into work. Healers can Apparate unchecked inside the hospital." "But not their assistants?" "No. They've been petitioning it for years, but the administrators don't care. Just like they don't care about giving us Welcome Witches paid vacation time. There are four of us, and we're the foundation of this place. Our job is hard. Don't get me wrong, I like it," she'd told Rose as she sat down at her desk. "I like to help in any way that I can, which is why I usually play the popular stations on the Wireless. Makes the time pass faster." Rose almost snorted, but stopped herself. Just barely. "Now that I'm all settled," Bangs whipped out her wand. "I have specific instructions to send Healer Brown a Patronus the moment you arrive, and you're early. Which is a good thing, shows you're eager." Not a word Rose ever associated with herself, but she was a firm believer in letting people believe what they wanted. With little effort and a flourish of her wand, a silvery bird shot from Bang's wand. It flew around her head before it set off to deliver her message. "I heard that you forced your Patronus to be an otter, like your mum's." For a long time, Rose truly believed that her parents' status as two-thirds of the celebrated 'Golden Trio' had nothing to do with her. Her parents were the heroes of the Second War, and she was just their daughter. Rose was fifteen when she found out just how wrong she was. She realised that no matter what she did—good or bad—she would never escape their legacy. There would always be assumptions and expectations attached to her actions and decisions. In the end, Rose had to make a choice. She could either accept her role or rebel against it. She chose the latter. "Not only is that not even possible," Rose told her with a slight hint of irritation in her voice. "But if it were, an otter would be the very last animal I would choose. I don't even like otters. They're the second most overrated species in the animal kingdom and I hope they all get eaten by snow leopards." Bangs looked confused. "But your mum's-" "Let me ask you a question. Are you obsessed with your mum? Do you try to model your life after hers?" "No, of course not." "Then you shouldn't assume that I do." Bangs, in that moment, looked incredibly embarrassed. "I, oh, I didn't think about it like that. I'm sorry." Rose smiled weakly. "Don't worry about it." After a stretch of silence that only could be defined as extremely uneasy, Bangs asked. "So what's the first?" "What?" "Most overrated animal?" "Oh, dolphins. Definitely." All awkwardness dissipated when they both laughed. While waiting for Healer Brown to come out, Rose accepted the girl's invitation to sit with her. It wasn't like she had anything better to do, and Bangs was remarkable in a sort of scary, crazy, train wreck way, now that she wasn't treating Rose like some sort of demi-god. Rose fiddled with her identification badge as Bangs fielded questions from incoming patients with ease and told her life story without hesitation. From the bits that she picked up, Bangs was nineteen, a Muggle-born, and studying journalism at a nearby University. She had a cat named Neptune, went to a wizarding school in America, wanted to eventually work for Witch Weekly, and was a Gemini. Needless to say, by the time a blonde witch who had to be the Healer she would be working for emerged from the double doors, Rose nearly leapt from her chair in relief. Bangs made for a great distraction, but she talked more than Scorpius' aunt after a bottle of Elf Wine…and she wasn't nearly as hilarious. "You must be Rose. It's a pleasure to finally meet you." Healer Brown offered her hand. It was tanned and there were jagged scars running up her arm, but Rose accepted it without hesitation. "And you must be Healer Brown. Pleasure-" "Call me Lavender when we're not around patients. I like to keep things as informal as possible. Makes the day run smoother and it makes assistants like me more." Her twinkling smile was warm and it made Rose take an instinctive liking to her. Perhaps, just maybe her mum was on to something by getting her a job as Healer Brown – err Lavender's – assistant. "Will do." "So, whenever you're ready..." "I'm ready now." After waving breezily at Bangs, she followed Lavender through the double doors, down the hall, and into the lift, her beaded bag a comforting weight at her side. The ride down was slow and quiet on her end, at least at the beginning, and Rose found herself sneaking glances at her talking boss. She'd been warned by Scorpius not to stare at the scars she wore proudly, but that was increasingly difficult. Uncle Bill's scars looked like scratch marks from a kitten in comparison. She must've been ravaged by that wolf Mum saved her from. "Sorry, I'm a bit chatty. I haven't had an assistant in a while, mostly because the ones sent to me like to stare. So when Hermione called and asked me to take you on, I'll confess I was desperate. Assistants do make the workload easier." Rose made a non-committal throaty noise. Lavender shot her a look. "Do you know what you're going to be doing for me?" She examined Healer Brown closely. She was feminine in a way Rose had never tried to be, all big blue eyes and long eyelashes, and beautiful in that older woman way that reminded her vaguely of Aunt Ginny. Her wavy blonde hair was tied back, giving her a more serious look…and highlighted her scars. Four trails of claw marks that started from her temple and disappeared into her healer robes. There were other marks, especially around her neck, but those were the most noticeable. She seemed friendly, despite what she'd been through. Mum said her recovery took years and it was largely the reason she'd gone into Healing. "Well, do you?" She couldn't even pretend that she was paying attention. "Huh?" "Do you know what your job is?" Rose shrugged. "I know the basics from one of Al's ex-girlfriend's whinging. I perform Diagnostic Charms on all your patients in the morning before you go on rounds, I check in on them during my shift when everyone's too busy, and alert you when something is wrong with a patient via Patronus. Oh, and I run menial errands for you. Coffee and food, mainly. Sometimes, you'll loan me out to other Healers: the nice ones if you like me, and the mean ones if I'm especially irritating." "That's..." Lavender looked faintly amused, "actually accurate. Not the errands, though. Not a perk I indulge in. And I don't share. Some Healers forget that 'subordinate' doesn't actually mean 'slave.'" The lift doors opened and they stepped out. Rose looked around, confused. White walls, a long hallway greeted her, and several people waiting for the lift greeted her. "Where are we?" She sidestepped a particularly impatient wizard and frowned. The lift closed. "This is the employees' floor. All the administrative and Head Healer offices are down here, as are lockers and changing areas for everyone else. Oh, and a cafeteria where all the employees eat. Warning: the food is awful." "I remember Scorpius moaning about it his first week here." "Healer Malfoy?" "The very one." Lavender chuckled as they pass by the semi-empty cafeteria. "I've clearly been out the country too long. Weasleys and Malfoys: friends. If someone would've told me—" "We're friends. My dad still wants to throw Mr Malfoy from the top of the largest Quidditch pitch whenever they're in the same room and Uncle Harry's eyes threaten to roll out his head when they really get going. Some rivalries die hard." She cracked a grin. "So it seems." And they stop outside a door. "This is the female locker room. You can pick one of the open ones and ward it however you like. Nothing that'll do permanent damage. Hermione told me that you picked up her knack for wards and charms. Not to mention, hexes." Rose had the decency to look a bit sheepish. "No need to look embarrassed. It's why she asked me to take you on." Made sense. "So...which ward do we work in?" "I spend a little time helping out in Unliftable Hexes, but only because they're so short-staffed. I work primarily in Incorrectly Applied Charms ward. It's not high-paced like the Intensive Care ward, but it's one of the busiest due to the sharp rise of ridiculous vanity and experimental charms in the wizarding world." Her distasteful tone was a indicator of how she felt about those who found themselves in her care. "We get everything from simple mistakes to cosmetic charms gone very awry. I had a patient last week who tried to charm his nose to look smaller and ended up charming his nose to grow every time he lied. Like Pinocchio, only more painful." At the surprised look on Rose's face, Lavender smirked. "I spent a lot of time around Muggles as a child. My parents were quite liberal, for pure-bloods, at least. Any questions?" "Hmm..." All in all, it sounded rather entertaining to Rose. "What should I expect?" "Just don't laugh, obviously. Or do the bug-eyes when you see the sheer ridiculousness that comes into the ward." That was going to be hard. "I know, but do at least duck out if you feel a giggle coming on." Rose winced. "I didn't mean to say that out loud. I seem to have a recurring case of foot-in-mouth syndrome." "Like your dad, huh?" Lavender smiled. It was a bit awkward talking about her dad to his ex-girlfriend. Mum hadn't told her very much about Lavender outside her recovery after the war, and dad knew better than to talk about her in front of mum. She only knew that she and her mum were dorm mates at Hogwarts, and her mum spent most of Sixth Year secretly wanting to claw her eyes out with her bare hands because she constantly had her tongue down dad's throat. "But I won in the end," she'd told Rose on the ride over. "Sure, it took a couple of years of listening to your dad burp the alphabet and putting up with his post-Quidditch body odour for me to realise it, but I did win." Rose accidentally snorted at her mother's words. Lavender regarded her with a slightly exasperated look. "Do I want to know?" "Probably not." "Well, you should probably go pick out a locker and get changed." "There's a uniform?" Yes. Apparently there was a uniform. And while the robes weren't so bad—at least in theory. She looked down at herself once she warded her locker and finished dressing. They were the perfect length, had bottomless pockets, a wand holster, and not to mention, they were flattering to her figure. Too bad the colour was murder on her complexion. Pink. The colour was her Kryptonite. It made her look like she had a fancy blend of dragon pox, leprosy, and consumption. After shoving her clothes into her beaded bag and placing it in her locker, she fastened her wand to the holster and exited the bathroom with a look of overt displeasure on her face. Healer Brown, who was casually leaning against the opposite wall, failed miserably at suppressing her amusement. "Looks like Hermione got your measurements just right. Now if you could stop looking so stricken, you'll be all set." Rose's scowl deepened. "I look sick. They're going to mistake me for a patient." "Not in those robes, they won't. Standard assistant robes. It could be worse." "I'm not sure how." She grouched, looking as petulant as a sunburnt child. Lavender led the way towards the lift. Rose fell right into step with her, tugging at her robes and feeling more self-conscious than usual. "Well," the Healer considered with a thoughtful look. "They could have been bright yellow." Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: Oh hai there...it's me. It took me a while to remember where I was going with this story and now that I do, I'm on the move. I stayed up after working all night to get this ready to be posted. Hope you enjoyed this chapter! A heartfelt 'thank you' goes out to drcjsnider for picking up the beta job on this after so long.
My eyes go where I say so But not always, and not when you walk by And my feet move where I tell them to But not when they are chasing after you And now I just don't know what I should do I'm twisted all around like some cartoon But I don't mind, no, I don't mind I Don't Mind – Phantom Planet Chapter Four – Where The Lines Overlap When Scorpius' O.W.L. results arrived, his father invited his mother's family, Al, and Rose, to the Manor for one of the most elaborate celebration dinner he had ever seen. The food had been exquisite; the tension, however, was not. It was a fact well known to Scorpius that any shred of tolerance the Malfoy and Greengrass families had for each other dissolved right after his parents unofficially separated when he was ten. Each side blamed the other for the failed marriage, but always maintained some sort of civility for his sake. Dinners were always quiet and cordial affairs, if a little cold, but that night everyone drank too much wine and were far too opinionated about his future for anything to remain amiable. Mother's family insisted that he go into politics, while Father's thought a career as an Unspeakable would be more fulfilling. By the time the final course was finished and the dishes cleared for dessert, the disagreement had grown vicious. Only his father had remained silent, watching them with bored amusement. It was a look Scorpius had tried to emulate without success. Their angry voices had risen to a crescendo and snide comments turned into outright verbal attacks. Dessert appeared, but everyone was too invested in their arguments to be interested. Scorpius, who had been certain Father would settle everyone down, was sorely disappointed and coloured with embarrassment when he only blinked at the pointed look from his son. Scorpius had turned to his friends, apologies on the tip of his tongue, but Al had taken to slowly eating his cobbler with a carefully blank face that told Scorpius that his best friend was no longer present. Rose, who would never pass up dessert, had done just that to scoot her chair closer to his in an attempt to avoid being smacked by the wildly waving hand of Aunt Daphne. Scorpius had muttered his apologies, but Rose only chewed her lip and helped herself to his dessert. He ended up desperately looking to his father again for help. That time, his father sipped his Elf-Wine and said, "Welcome to adulthood." In the end, Scorpius stood up, managed to get everyone's attention, and announced that he was going to take his six O's and one E and go into Healing. It only made things worse, if that was at all possible. Contrary to his family's beliefs, Scorpius didn't go into Healing to rebel against his privileged life, to defy them, or to be the 'black sheep'. It wasn't his 'calling', 'destiny', or any tripe like that. Scorpius didn't do it for the money – or lack thereof – or for the betterment of wizarding kind. Of course, he wanted to help people, but that wasn't all. The truth was that he chose to be Healer because he wanted to make every moment of his life count. He wanted to work in a field that was dynamic and ever-expanding, with people who shared his passion, and in a job that that mattered in the grand scheme of things – even if only a little bit. Scorpius wanted to bring to his work not only facts from training – scientific and magical – but the human element that made those facts relevant. He believed that people were most human when they weren't at their best, or were even faced with death. In adversity, most developed an appreciation for the fragility of life and stopped over-magnifying the importance of the superficial. And with a family like his, it was nice to see such a display of humanity. It kept him optimistic. Father figured he would go into research, his friends thought he would discover a new spell or potion that would help thousands, but Scorpius ended up in the newly developed Intensive Care ward at St. Mungo's. And it was everything he wanted. Demanding, gritty, and intense job that required him to confidently know just enough about every aspect of Healing and human nature. The hours were sensible, the pay as poor as any other Level One Healer, and the things he saw would make anyone's blood run cold. Scorpius saw patients at their very worst and he did everything in his power to keep them alive. Sometimes he succeeded, sometimes he failed, but always...always he tried. Mostly, working in the Intensive Care ward was rewarding, but today had been...difficult at best. Two deaths in the three weeks. Not particularly alarming, because each were hanging by a thread, but the undetermined on their death certificates left him a little perplexed. And when the high-profiled William Savage brought their total to three, confusion had turned into suspicion. Inquiries from St. Mungo's administrators and solicitors had taken most of the day and by the end of his shift, everything was still undetermined. Scorpius hated that word. His shift ended at five, but paperwork and last minute chats with a patient's family usually kept him there until well past six. So at half-past five, when he announced to his replacement that he was leaving, Scorpius could practically hear the questions forming in Eliot's head and left without explaining. Eliot was far too chatty for his liking and Scorpius worked extremely hard to keep his name out of hospital gossip. He signed off on Mr. Kingston's transfer to the first floor and escaped to the elevator before anyone else caught on. Henrietta was leaving the Healer's changing room, bag slung over her shoulder, when he arrived. She smiled thinly at him. "Hey, you're off early." "I think this day called for an early leave." "Too right." She looked exhausted – hair in a sloppy bun, crooked glasses, and dressed in Muggle clothes. He had been meaning to check on her after the inquiries. One of the patients – the second – had been hers, and they had been relentless. They combed through her records, questioned every decision she made and potion administered, and she floundered like a fish. It was almost painful to watch her stammer and stumble through her explanations. Luckily, detailed records had cleared Henrietta of any wrongdoing, but the damage was done. Her confidence was shot and that wasn't good in their profession. "Any plans tonight?" Scorpius asked to make conversation. "Dinner and a film at home. You're welcome to join me." "Sorry, I have plans already." "Oh?" Henrietta inquired. "I'm going sofa shopping with Rose." He checked his watch. "She should be waiting in the tearoom for me." She quirked a brow. "And she can't do that alone or with Al because...?" Scorpius blanched at the thought. "Rose has barely enough patience for shopping to get through one store and Al has as about as much style as a drop of ink. One of them unironically wears a cape." Henrietta laughed. "If I left them to their own devices, Rose would settle on a hideous... thing from a thrift store that wobbled and smelled like a zoo." "She would not!" He smirked. "Probably not, but it would be just as tacky and ill-fitting for her flat." "You sofa snob, you." Scorpius gave her a wry look. "And this is me, admitting nothing." Henrietta just smiled. "Well, good luck. Are you on tomorrow?" "Yes, but not until eleven. I'm off on Friday. My mother will be in town. We're having dinner in London." Not only did Scorpius dread the dinner itself, which was likely to be an extremely dull affair, he dreaded fending off the barrage of his mother's questions about his love life and her pointed remarks about the lack of it. Father wouldn't be there to serve as a buffer and the voice of reason; his head hurt from the mere thought. And yet, his face told nothing. Henrietta had a talent for reading people. Clothing and jewellery, twitches and frowns, shifting eyes and sighs and shrugs – she noticed it all. Her attention to detail made her an excellent Healer, but he wasn't in the mood to be analysed. Scorpius didn't want to think about what she already knew, what he hadn't been smart enough to hide from her during Hogwarts, but his issues with his mother was something he was determined to keep private. "That sounds really nice," she smiled. "I'd love to meet your mother someday. She seems lovely." "Oh, she is." Scorpius forged a warm look out of thin air. "I'm sure she'd like you." It was a blatant lie. Mother wouldn't say anything to her face, she would be polite and nice, but the moment Henrietta left, the suppressed disdain would rear its ugly head. She would deem her unfit to associate with Scorpius. Muggle-born. Middle class. Boring. Pretty in a common way. Crooked bottom tooth. Don't you dare consider dating her, she would say because of every witch he introduced to her was a potential match in her eyes. He knew that from experience. His mother hated Rose with such a passion she didn't bother hiding it. Half-blood. Too curvy. Pretty, but tragically uncouth. Too opinionated and vocal. Free-spirited. Weasley. Indecisive. Unfit. His fingers clenched. "I should get changed," he said suddenly. "Rose is probably overdosing on tea." Henrietta snorted. "Can't have that, now can we? I'll see you tomorrow, then. Have fun." She gave his shoulder a friendly squeeze and left the way he came. Scorpius changed quickly into Muggle clothes, dashed up to the tearoom, and found Rose asleep at the table, nose dangerously close to dipping into her tea. Pastry untouched. He rolled his eyes, biting back a smile when he noticed they weren't alone. He could only blink at the witch with dramatic bangs sitting across from Rose. She grinned back. "You must be Scorpius. Rose's friend. I'm Jane. One of the Welcome Witches." "Oh, hello." He gestured to his sleeping friend. "How long has she been comatose?" "Twenty minutes. I was explaining some of the new security measures they're implementing and – is it normal for her to just drop off like that?" "Only when she's dead tired." Or extremely bored. "I've been trying to wake her, but you can see how successful I've been." Rose let out a snore. Jane snickered. "I doubt you'll be any more successful than me." Scorpius made a non-committal noise and moved the teacup and plate. He had perfected his own art of waking Rose up. Okay, Albus had, but his way involved Wet Willies and Scorpius could do without the screaming. Or the violence. Scorpius' approach was finer. Under the curious gaze of Jane, he leaned close to her ear and said two words: "Lily's coming." Rose was awake in no time, panicked one second and completely unamused the next. "You are a lying liar that lies." He remained unapologetic. "It had the desired effect. My conscience is clear." She pouted. "I could've done without the adrenaline rush, thanks." "A little fight-or-flight never hurt anyone. If anything, it gave your brain some much-needed additional blood flow." Rose glared hotly. "You do realise you're the boy who cried wolf. Literally. One day, I'm not going to believe you." "Which will be your downfall. You're the one terrified of your own cousin." "I am not." "You run from her. Literally. I saw you vault over chairs and that short table at the Burrow. There was dust and everything." "We were outside! And that was one time. I was younger then." "It was three days ago," he deadpanned. "Semantics," she hand-waved. "The fact remains the same, I—" "You were running, Rose. Running." "It's called a tactical retreat. With speed. I was trying to avoid her ode to Celestine Warbeck. And I failed. Words cannot express the horrors I endured." "You used to love Celestine." "I also used to read the Faerie Academy series. Does that sound like I was making good life choices?" she countered. "Like you're doing so much better now. Do you want me to remind you about the novel I caught you reading last month. I believe it was—" She threw a hand over his mouth. "I'm ending this conversation because you're acting surprisingly Slytherin right now. You might be a Malfoy and that should be expected, but my brain can't cope with you beating me at my own game." Scorpius licked her palm and she wrenched her hand back. "Urgh! Germs!" He smirked. "Aww," Jane piped in. She'd eaten half of Rose's pastry and had a bit of chocolate on her mouth. "Just when it was getting good." Rose's eyes went from her to him. "Has she really been there the entire time?" Scorpius only rolled his eyes. "You two are just too adorable for words." She rested her chin on her hands, eyes sweeping between them with an adoring grin. It was frankly disturbing. It didn't help that half her face was shielded by bright blonde hair. "Rose, you didn't tell me Scorpius is your boyfriend." Jane gave him an appraising once over that made him feel naked. "And that he's incredibly fit." The hungry looks he'd been receiving from Lily lately was enough preparation for Jane's appreciation, but he still squirmed under her gaze. Scorpius wasn't shy – far from it when it really mattered – just reserved and modest to a degree that bordered on bashfulness. He knew he was attractive and dismissed it as irrelevant. Years of being pursued by pure-blooded families for his looks and inheritance made him bored with society's superficiality. He had learned at an early age that none of it mattered in the end. So he kept his head in his books to ignore the legions of girls at school who squabbled to get close to him. And after Hogwarts, he remained politely distant during introduction to single daughters and nieces and granddaughters at galas and events. He frowned when people called him an 'eligible bachelor', awkwardly blinked when witches turned their batting lashes and demure giggles his way, and tuned out the compliments he didn't know how to take... Scorpius' mouth opened and shut twice without making any sound, but Rose saved him from having to force a reply that would have either been awkward or rude or both. "Scorpius and I are best mates." She draped her beaded bag over her shoulder and pushed in the chair she'd so ungracefully flown out of at the mere mention of her cousin. When Jane's smile widened to display her very white teeth, Rose gave Scorpius a push toward the door and followed. "We really should get going, sofas to buy and all that jazz." "Oh," Jane looked disappointed. "Well, see you then. Scorpius, it was nice to meet you." Scorpius just nodded and left. He was several steps away when he heard, "He's yummy." Rose snorted. "Sadly I cannot endorse any form of cannibalism, so stop with the hungry eyes and the salivating in his presence. Makes him twitchy." Contrary to popular beliefs, Rose Weasley wasn't lazy. She wasn't a slacker, a brat, or unmotivated. Well, perhaps the latter. The most important thing Scorpius had learned during their friendship was that Rose was completely brilliant – at being average. She did enough to get by, to get what she wanted, the bare minimum, but never anything extra. She rarely studied, got through Hogwarts on sheer intelligence, and would likely get through life in the same way. Rose didn't try, and that was something that irritated Scorpius. He could see her potential, had seen it on one occasion in Sixth Year when she ferociously fought to clear Hugo's name when he faced expulsion for cheating on a Potions exam. He watched her hunt down, corner, and question everyone in Hugo's class when the initial accusations rolled in. And a week later, because she refused to allow his trial to be drawn out and gossiped about, Scorpius watched her use every bit of the 'evidence' against Hugo to clear his name with the Disciplinary Panel. She earned a nod of approval from the Headmistress and, after a post-trial snack and nap, went right back to getting by. Scorpius told the story once to his father, and then he forgot about the two weeks he spent with a Driven Rose. So when he saw her again, he didn't recognise her. It wasn't until she tossed her coat in his general direction and scanned the furniture store with crazy eyes, that Scorpius realised he was no longer in the presence of Unmotivated Rose. But it was far too late to do anything about it. She quickly spotted her target, a manager pretending to look busy, and with a muttered, "You'll do just nicely," she started his way. The poor bloke never had a chance. Rose cornered him, all polite smiles and curiosity, and once he directed her to the sofas within her budget, she waved Scorpius over. The manager took his appearance as the end of his job, and was completely blindsided when Rose launched an inquisition about the durability of frames in the first sofa, hand tied coils in the second, and cushion fillings on the third. Apparently, she'd done research since yesterday. She knew to stay away from the plywood frames he praised and seemed to take pleasure in testing each sofa out, pulling cushions and pushing on the deck. Once the manager realised that Rose wasn't just going to buy any piece of furniture, he tried a different tactic: he took her seriously. All Scorpius could do was sit on a nearby recliner and watch her check the welting on a blue sofa the manager just swore was everything she wanted. If Scorpius had realised what he was getting into, he would have planned better and dragged someone else along to share his pain and wonderment. Probably not Hugo, who would have known better. Scorpius also would have scheduled the trip for the busiest part of the week, eaten ahead of time, and brought along some sort of entertainment – a book, perhaps. A really long one. "What do you think?" Rose stood back, casting a critical look over the sofa. Still the blue one. He stood up and joined her, ignoring the hopeful looks from the manager. "It's...very blue." "It comes in red and green." The manager announced. "No and no." Rose shot down quickly. "Had enough of those colours at school. And I don't like the fabric." "Perhaps velvet is more of your style." "Creepy." "Linen?" "Boring." "Bi-cast leather?" "No leather. Ever." Scorpius cocked a brow at her. "But you hate cows. I'm sure I remember you going on a tirade about how pretentious they were...or was that dolphins? It's hard to keep up with all your proclaimed failures of the animal kingdom." "There aren't that many, just those two and anything that forgets that I run the food chain." Rose looked at him. "You don't eat anything with a face, I'm not going to make you sit on a dead cow whenever you come over. That's just rude." He grinned. "Aw, looks like the Tin Man has a heart." "I regret everyday that I forced you to watch The Wizard of Oz." Scorpius laughed. She elbowed him gently and focused back at the task on hand. She gave the sofa another look. "Hmm. I think the issue is that all the furniture suggestions are a little too clean cut for me. I'd like something a little edgier and creative." "I think..." The manager went on, leading the way to another sofa with Rose following. When she saw Scorpius wasn't behind her, she doubled back, looped her arm through his, and pulled him along to the grey sofa that the manager – Craig, he finally read – was standing behind. Rose didn't go through the rigorous examination that time. She looked at it, frowned, and said, "It looks like a rain cloud." "A very chic rain cloud, right?" Craig countered. "If chic means dirty, then sure." Scorpius liked to think that the back and forth between Rose and the manager would have gone on forever – or at least until closing – if he hadn't turned his head to cough out a laugh. Because that was when he saw it: a black, quirky sofa with a wavy back that was so perfect he wondered how they had passed it. The fact that it was on clearance made it just that much better. Just before Craig started down to the next sofa he had in mind, Scorpius pointed it out. "What about that one?" Rose unlinked their arms, headed straight for it, and was attempting to lift it by the time he and Craig caught up. "What do you think?" he asked. She walked around it several times, her face unreadable. "It's not exactly made with the best material, and—" "I actually like it." Rose interjected. "It's different." Craig practically sagged with relief, but Rose didn't notice. She was too busy plopping down on the sofa like an over-exuberant child. "Oh, it's comfortable too. I think this is the one." The manager didn't waste a moment before excusing himself to retrieve the paperwork and another employee to discuss delivery and payment. It would probably be a bit, the store was busier than it had been when they arrived. "Come on. Sit on your new bed." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "I don't spend that many nights on your sofa. Two a month, at most." "A month?" She guffawed. "You poor, deluded sod. You fall asleep every single film night—" "Because your taste in films is questionable at best." "And let's not forget the occasions that Al brings a girl home." "How do you expect me to sleep through that?" "Two words: Silencing Charm." "Just because I can't hear it, doesn't mean it's not happening. And let me just add that Al's 'I just got laid' face is not something I want to see over my morning tea and toast." Rose looked like she'd eaten a sour grape. "Gross. I didn't need the mental picture." "And I don't need the actual one, trust me." "Fair enough, now sit down." She tugged on his arm until he gave in and sat next to her. The sofa was comfortable and firm enough to sleep on. He was tired, and the mere thought of sleep made his eyes grow heavy. Rose shifted next to him, leaning against his arm like she'd done countless times before. And Scorpius only did what was natural: he moved his arm. It was a silent invitation for her to scoot closer; one that she always took. Then he curled his arm around her shoulder and took a practised breath when she hugged an arm around his middle. Rose had always been tactile. She initiated hugs, little touches, a hand on his shoulder, a ruffle of his hair. He figured it was part of being a Weasley; none of them were familiar with the concept of personal space. It was something he'd gotten used to over the years; a real test of his self-control. Because it was easy to forget that none of her touches meant anything. "You know," he started after forcing the thought from his head. "I forgot to ask you how your first day went." "It was better than I expected. Tiring, but I got to see a lady who tried to alter her chin and ended up with an elephant trunk. It was glorious." He chuckled fondly, allowing himself to twist a lock of her hair around his finger. Only for a moment. "The things that entertain you." "My mind is a scary place. You know this." A moment of companionable silence passed and she sat up, still close, still leaning on him, but she took her arm back. Scorpius exhaled just as Rose said, "So, you had a rotten day. I heard about the inquiries. My mum knew the last one. William Savage, right?" "Yes, that's him." Scorpius frowned. "It's all a right mess, if you ask me, but I'm glad today is over." "What do you think it is? You should hear some of the conspiracy theories Ba—erm Jane came up with." "It's all a coincidence, a tragic one, but a statistical anomaly." He paused for just a beat. "Also, please don't tell me you gave her a nickname." There was silence, followed by an unconvincing, "I would never." He just blinked at her. "Rose, you called me Blondie for a solid year." "Internally!" she argued. "I should have never told you. And okay, it's Bangs. Because she has…ridiculous bangs." "Creative," Scorpius drawled. She shoved his knee so hard it knocked against the other one. "It's all I could think of on a pinch, but that isn't the point here." "Ah, so there was a point in there?" That time she pinched his side, causing him to jump and make an unmanly noise that brought a mischievous smile to her face. "I'm filing that sound away for your future humiliation, just so you know." He made a face. "Why am I friends with you again?" "Because I'm the best and you have the highest chance of surviving the apocalypse. We've been through this already." Rose said with a magnanimous gesture and grin. "Anyway, Bangs has all sorts of theories about what's going on. My personal favourite is Killer Aliens. Quite interesting once you hear the entire idea, completely mental, but fascinating nonetheless." He poked her in the leg. "Sounds like you've made a friend." "Don't sound so surprised. I'm perfectly capable of making friends and you better agree or I'll threaten you with bodily harm." "Your threats are meaningless. Even less so now that we're practically cuddling in a furniture store." "I don't cuddle." "So if I stand up right now?" "Extreme bodily harm." "That's what I thought." Dinner with Rose's family was nothing like any sort of meal he'd ever had with his family, save his own Father. It started with full-bodied hugs in front of the restaurant and Rose's mum fussing over his lean frame, continued inside with great food and easy conversation, dissolved into fits of laughter at Rose and her dad's antics, and ended back at her parent's home with home-made dessert. Hugo showed him a few of his completed drawings and they listened to a few vinyl records with Rose. It was well past ten o'clock when Scorpius Floo'd home sated, exhausted, and armed with several plates of vegetarian meals Rose's mum had prepared earlier with him in mind. Scorpius had all but collapsed on his sofa after putting the food away, too tired to make it to his bedroom. He closed his eyes, started to dose, but forced himself to wake up because he refused to sleep on the sofa. Of course, the moment he dragged himself to his feet, the Floo flared to life and Albus emerged. Scorpius cocked a brow. Al had been out on a double date with James and his girlfriend-of-the-moment. He never bothered with names. "Back so soon?" "I would've been back ages ago had it been possible." "That bad?" "I'm not actually certain whether to start at the part where James and Matilda were attached at the lips or if I should begin when Emily ordered the most expensive thing on the menu and asked what happened to my glasses and scar." "Ouch." Albus shrugged. "Doesn't matter. I was late and she was already pissed off one glass of wine by the time I sat down. I'm actually surprised it wasn't worse." Albus hung up his jacket on the coat rack next to the fireplace. "Are you just getting in?" Scorpius nodded. "About ten minutes ago." "How was sofa shopping?" "Terrifying." Al laughed. "It wasn't that—" "She cornered the manager like a tiger and intensely examined every sofa he showed her. I'm certain we would still be there had it not been for me." "Sounds like Rose. She was banned from Madam Maulkin's for a reason, you know." He hadn't thought about that. "True." "Did you eat already? I'm starving." "I had dinner with Rose's parents and Hugo, but if you want something quick, you can eat one of the plates her mum—" Al's face lit up and he vanished into the kitchen. Scorpius followed him to make sure he'd have food for lunch tomorrow. Al was already sitting at the table in front of a plate of stir-fry, fork in hand. "That was fast." "I love Aunt Hermione's cooking...except that cereal she makes. Tastes like rocks." He made a face and started eating. "I happen to like that cereal." Al snorted, but waited until he finished chewing to reply. "You would." "Wanker." His best friend only grinned widely. Scorpius rolled his eyes. "I'm off to bed." His smile faded quickly. "Hey, hold up for a second. There's something I want to talk to you about." "Okay, what?" Albus hesitated, looking uncharacteristically hesitant for a moment, then sighed. "Lily fancies you." Given her behaviour as of late, it didn't surprise Scorpius much. Still, he didn't quite know how to respond. "Erm. Okay?" "Look, I don't want to have this conversation because it's awkward, but just don't lead her on." Albus quickly hurried and added. "I know you wouldn't. Not intentionally. I just—she's my sister. I know she's a right pain in the arse, but I don't want to see her hurt. She tends to take innocuous interactions and give them meaning, and I don't want there to be any sort of confusion." "There won't be," he assured. "I've never said or done anything that would give Lily any reason to believe she's more than a friend." "Hmm." Albus leaned back in his chair. "I suppose the same thing can be said about Rose, too." Scorpius frowned. "I thought we were talking about Lily." "And now we're not." "Can this conversation wait until the day after, let's say...never?" "You need to tell her, for both your sakes." Albus sat his fork down and folded his arms. "I'm surprised she hasn't figured it out. Rose is usually more observant." "I happen to be far more subtle than you give me credit for." Albus pushed his chair away from the table and went to fix himself a glass of water. "Olivia's getting married." "Olivia Jordan?" He knew the answer. Olivia and Al were practically raised together, as their parents were friends, so it wasn't much of a surprise when they started dating last spring. The only shock was how fast they got serious. Al had never been serious with anyone and Olivia was rebounding from a long-term relationship. Scorpius never for a second thought they would last more than a month, but by summer, Albus wanted to get married and there was no talking him out of it. In the end, Olivia broke it off because she still had feelings for her ex, Kyle. They broke up in September and Al had been casually dating ever since. Now she was getting married. "Bloody hell, Al. When did you find out?" "She told me a few days ago." He took a drink of water. "Don't worry, I'm not about to endanger myself out in the field or anything melodramatic. I'm actually happy for her. She and Kyle make sense in a way we never could." He set the cup down on the counter. "If I'm being honest with myself, the entire situation made me realise I want that. To have someone, I mean. I want to have someone that I can bicker and be completely honest with. Someone I can try to live without, but can't seem to. Something like my parents' relationship. It took them years to get to the point where they are now, with the war and recovery, but—" "Don't," was all he managed to get out before Albus dug right into the heart of the matter; the real reason for this late conversation. "We're only twenty-one and," he shook his head ruefully. "You didn't even have to work for it. You just have it with Rose. It doesn't make complete sense, but it works, and you're being bloody stupid—" "Me? Stupid?" Scorpius shot back. "I thought I was the logical one. At least that's what everyone says. Scorpius is logical. Scorpius has no imagination." He chuckled darkly, shaking his head. "You know, it drives me mad." He didn't want to have this conversation, least of all with Rose's cousin, but since Al was forcing it, he might as well. "I—" Al started, but Scorpius never let him finish. "I like to entertain silly notions just like anyone else, but like everything, there is a time and a place for it. Destroying my friendship with Rose for that one out of a-a thousand chance that we could have a-relationship," he choked on the last word, hands curling into fists at his sides. "That's the only thing about all this that's stupid, Al. Not me." Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: Phew. Got this up finally. Chapter 4 has been done for a few weeks, but the beta was on a business trip and couldn't get it back to me. Also thanks to drcjsnider for the beta work. This is the final chapter before the plot takes off. I wanted to get a good introductory feel of all the characters, establish all the relationships, problems, and really give you a feel of everything before it all goes to hell. Until next time!
Trouble is a friend but trouble is a foe, oh oh And no matter what I feed him he always seems to grow He sees what I see and he knows what I know, oh oh So don't forget as you ease on down the road Trouble is a Friend-Lenka Chapter Five – Here Be Dragons It had only taken a month for Rose to fall into a routine. Rose woke up, went to work, and had breakfast and a morning chat with Bangs at her desk. She spent the better part of her mornings trailing after Healer Brown and her afternoons catching up on paperwork while her boss went to security meetings. Before she left, Rose attended another meeting where Aurors updated the staff on the ongoing investigation into the unexplained deaths where the words 'constant vigilance' were used at least twice before they were released. Her uncle would be proud. Rose had some semblance of a social life that mainly involved her inner circle and sometimes the newcomer, Bangs. And after her social obligations were complete, she usually went home, collapsed on her new sofa for a bit of telly time, but always ended up dragging herself off to bed before she could finish catching up on her shows. Rinse, lather, repeat. After the first week and a glowing report from Healer Brown, her mother seemed much more confident about Rose's forced life choices. The second week, Mum laughed her way through each of her work stories and Dad beamed at her proudly when she told them of the freedoms Lavender had given her because she'd proven to be quite the asset. By the third week, the diatribes on the evils of ennui and the Chicken Soup for the Witch's Soul books that follow her from room to room had vanished, so had the morning wake-up calls, and the vegetables. Well, some of them. Rose still took it as a victory. And this week – the fourth – came with a Free Pass from the usual mandatory Friday night dinners. "Go have fun," Mum had said earlier when Rose had dropped by her office during her lunch hour bearing gifts in the form of her dad's famous sandwiches. Her mother was deeply focused on the St. Mungo's case file on her desk, but she had sounded sincere when she told Rose, "You deserve it. We'll see you at family brunch on Sunday. Thanks for bringing me dinner, love." Rose couldn't remember whose idea it had been to go to a Muggle-themed rave in Knockturn Alley, but as soon as she remembered, she would turn them into a bog roll and leave them in a the dirtiest lavatory in London. She couldn't talk herself out of it and, Merlin, had she tried. "We're doing this to celebrate you," James had said pleasantly with Albus pulling a pouty, puppy dog face over his shoulder. Scorpius had only yawned and grumbled that they'd already convinced – read: forced – him to come along. When Rose continued to decline the invite, Lily had harped on for a solid hour until Rose's will to live had broken and crumbled. She hated all of them. Stupid Potters. And stupid Scorpius, too. Just for good measure. So that night, instead of rotting her brain in front of the telly like she'd planned, Rose found herself dressed in clothes she had no idea she even owned. She suspected Lily had something to do with the form-fitting additions to her wardrobe. And then, someone knocked on her door. It was half-past ten and thirty minutes before she had to meet everyone at the corner of Knockturn Alley. She made sure her wand was within summoning distance because no one knocked on her door. No one. Muggles forgot what they wanted whenever they approached her door and anyone with magic knew better. So with one pink-laced shoe on, Rose cautiously crept to the door and called out, "This building has a no solicitation policy!" There was something that sounded like a chuckle, followed by a somewhat familiar voice that said, "Not selling anything, Rose. It's Quincy." "Who?" "From the New Year's party." Like that was supposed to mean anything. "Drawing a blank, sorry." "I'm the model, remember?" Ah. Him. Rose considered her appearance – the lack of a shoe and wild hair mainly – and shrugged. She didn't have a care left to give tonight. Not one. Rose opened the door. And well. She definitely remembered him now. Tall, blue-eyed, sandy-haired. The Playwitch model. The model that was ridiculously not on her level. And a model. He looked like one in his white shirt, Muggle denims, and dragon skin jacket. Stupidly attractive. All he needed was a cig and a tortured soul and he'd be the—Rose refused to finish that thought. Back on track. How did he even know where she lived? Rose had completely ditched him at the party and hadn't spared him one thought since. Instinct almost had her shut the door in his face, but common sense stopped her. There was a first time for everything, it would seem. However, it didn't stop her from sticking her foot in her cake hole. "Lily says that stalking is a higher form of flattery than imitation, but I don't agree." "Oh," his smile faltered a bit and his cheeks flushed. "No. I'm not." "Go on, tell me why you're here then." Rose encouraged dryly. Quincy seemed to visibly relax as he flashed a boyish grin. "I see you haven't lost your sense of humour." "It's the ying to my yang. And you still haven't told me why you're here. I'm going to think you're lying about the stalking if you don't speak up soon. I have a wand, as you know." She looked over at the Muggle sporting equipment Lily had left in her apartment. "And a tennis racket. I'll just pretend your head is the ball, which is exactly what I did during Lily's lesson last weekend. Not your head, but hers. She thinks I have a strong serve, but the truth is that I was properly motivated. I'm sure I can channel that particular brand of motivation again if necessary." He just laughed and laughed. She wanted to be threatening, not funny, but apparently Rose wasn't getting her way today. Just great. "No need for violent tangents. I'm not stalking you." Quincy told her once he'd caught his breath. "I was actually coming to pick you up for the rave. I thought we could, you know, Apparate there together." And everything made perfect sense: her kit, the insistence about going to the rave tonight, and lastly, the male model at her doorstep. Lily. Rose scowled. "Someone needs to give her a slap. Somebody needs to put her on a leash and tie her to a hexed broom." Quincy's smile dimmed. "Lily said—" Rose stopped mentally mangling her cousin. "I'm not upset. Don't worry, you're off the hook. She likes to pry in people's lives. It's her superpower." Complete understatement. Lily pushed and pushed and pushed some more. She harped on things until Rose wanted to push her off a cliff. She'd barely managed to avoid her constant badgering about setting her up with Scorpius in the last month. Mainly because Lily had been too busy to really corner Rose like she usually did. "Sorry she dragged you into this. I'll sort out something to get her off your back." Because Merlin forbid if Rose had actually disagreed with Lily, or declined her horrid attempts at setting her up. Not that Quincy was a horrible choice, he wasn't, but she also wasn't interested. She could almost visualise Lily's reaction. There wasn't a better sulker in the world than Lily Potter. She could bottle and market her sulking to the spoiled brat fraction of the wizarding world. She would either make millions or there would be a sulking epidemic. The Ministry would have to be brought in. Cures would need to be created deep in the Department of Mysteries. Pandemonium and sulking chaos would ensue. Anarchy. So probably not, then. Quincy rubbed the back of his neck, looking a bit shy. It was an odd look for such an attractive wizard. "I actually asked her about you." The cogs in Rose's head ground to a complete stop. "Look, I know you ditched me at the party, but I thought if we—" Quincy made a hand gesture, but Rose didn't know him well enough to interpret. "Tonight," he continued when she just stared at him blankly. "I figured tonight we could get to know each other better and maybe—" "As mates." Rose interjected. "You mean as proper mates, right?" Quincy sobered, looking awkward. "If that's what you want." "It is," she assured him. "I'm not really interested in anything more right now. Sorry." Rose made a wincing face. "Actually, not sorry." His smile returned. "I appreciate the honesty." Rose smiled back, gesturing for him to come in. "I have to find my other shoe and finish making sure no one can yank on my hair, accidentally or otherwise, tonight. It'll be a bit." She led him into her sitting room and dashed off to finish getting ready. And to quickly plan out several scenarios where Lily's body would never be found. The Black Lake? Merpeople were too nosy. So no. Forbidden Forest? The Centaurs sort of admired her uncle. Favoured him in only a way that centaurs could. And since Lily was his daughter, she figured that idea was another no. Rose was pretty sure she could transfigure her into a bug and step on her. That would probably work. And it would make her feel so much better. Feeling better about the awkward situation Lily had thrown her into without warning, Rose did a few squats and knee-bends to stretch her denims and strolled into sitting room. Quincy looked up from the book he'd plucked from her bookshelf and held it up. "Magic Your Way to a Better Life. There's a story here, I'm sure of it." "Just a tragic swan song of a slacker's desperate, overprotective mother." He barked out a laugh and sat it on her brand new coffee table. Rose collapsed inelegantly on the other end of the sofa, stretching her legs across the middle. She glanced at her watch. They had another fifteen minutes before they needed to leave. Rose picked a piece of lint off her turquoise denims. "At least she cares," Quincy shrugged. "My parents wouldn't bother." It was the sort of comment that immediately caught her attention. Rose had her mind made up about Quincy. A pretty face and privileged life, but there was such heaviness in his tone that made her feel a twinge of guilt for categorising him. Just a twinge. She was judgmental. It was a character flaw. She made hasty judgments at first sight, but half the time she was right. The other half…well, if Rose felt bad about every person she'd misjudged, she'd drive herself batty. And it wasn't worth it. So she nudged him with her foot and asked, "What's your story? All I know is that you're model with ridiculous hair." Quincy flashed a smile. "Ridiculous? I'll take it because I'm pretty sure that's Rose-speak for bloody fantastic." "Learned quick, you have." His eyebrow shot up. "What's wrong with your voice?" Rose sighed. "Purebloods." "I'm half, actually." "And you don't know anything about Star Wars? Shame! Shame on you and everyone who let you live twenty-plus years without experiencing the American classic that is Star Wars. The last three episodes. Not the first three. Never the first three." Quincy just blinked. "I feel like I'm supposed to understand you, but I just don't." "That's a normal reaction. I was able to educate Scorpius, who blew up the telly the first time Al turned it on. You shouldn't be that difficult to teach. I hope." She was about fifty percent confident. Okay, forty-five. He snorted. "He blew it up?" "To be fair, he was twelve and trying to sort out the exact magic that made it work. We all learned a valuable lesson: magic and tellies don't mix. At all. Never." Rose paused, quirking her head to the side. "Actually, I take that back. He gets no credit. The nerd." Quincy let out a real laugh that was pleasant and contagious enough for Rose to join in until they were sighing and holding their sides. "So what's your story? What do you do beside look roguishly handsome for the pleasure of witches?" "Modelling just something I do to earn money for my apprenticeship, my parents would pay, but I'd rather do it myself." "Apprenticeship?" "At Gringotts. I'm studying to be a Curse-breaker and my apprenticeship is with your uncle, Bill Weasley. He's actually the one who invited me to the party. I work at the Ministry sometimes as a Magical Artefacts expert for Ministry. Only when they need me. I freelance." He was certainly a lot more than she'd expected, truth be told. Rose smirked. "You're an overachiever with a pretty face, but I don't think that makes you an expert." "My parents are magical archaeologists. They're too wrapped up in their projects to be parents, but they did make sure I knew everything there was to know about artefacts. Even the ones lost in time. They used to take me out for digs during the summer hols." "Useful." He shrugged. "I suppose." Rose glanced at her watch and scrambled off the sofa. "It's five 'til. We should go." If we're late Lily will annoy me to death with her I'm-disappointed-in-your-lack-of-punctuality eyes, which is usually accompanied by a what-is-your-life sigh." Rose glared at Quincy, who was struggling to maintain a straight face. "Don't look at me like that. I've known Lily since she was born. She has very expressive body language. She's been judging me since day one and I thought she was a boy. In my defence, I was two and she had no hair. How was I supposed to know?" Quincy dragged his hands down to his knees before standing, poorly suppressing his amusement. "You two fight like sisters." She gave him a dirty look. "Rude. I should splinch you on purpose." He threw up his arms. "I was just wondering why you two hate each other so much." She summoned her beaded bag and draped it over her shoulder. "I don't hate her. She's my cousin, but we just don't mesh. Never have. We're too different." Rose snapped her fingers and raised her hand just in time to catch her wand. Quincy didn't bother to disguise his amazement. Sheepish in the face of his awe, Rose muttered. "Don't tell Lily I can do that." "Don't want your mum to find out?" "Precisely." They shook on it, but Quincy made an amendment. "You owe me the first dance." "Fine, fine." Shockingly, they were the first to arrive. Rose felt the need to celebrate with a fist-pump celebration that Quincy just laughed through. She would've done more had Lily not arrived with Al and Scorpius flanked around her, and scarred her for life with her dramatic makeup and outfit. Neon green denims and a shirt with a bunch of runes on it. Someone didn't get the family memo about what neon could do to red hair and pale skin. "What are you wearing? You know the rules. No one with Weasley blood is allowed to wear anything neon or reflective. It makes us look like someone dug us out of a grave." "Exactly!" Al chimed in helpfully. Judging from his attire, Rose figured he was going for the extreme too-cool-to-care look. It just made him look perpetually confused. "I know what I look like out here, but when we get inside, I'm going to look amazing in the black lights." Scorpius and Al exchanged unconvinced looks. The latter noticed Quincy standing beside Rose and thumbed in his direction. "Who's this?" Lily took the liberty to answer. "This is Quincy. Rose's date that I acquired for her." "He's not my date," she shot back. "And nobody says acquired. Makes you sound like you bought him half-price in a shop in Camberwell. Moreover, I feel we should probably further address the fact that you look like the second victim of the zombie apocalypse." As usual, Lily ignored her. Primly. If that was even possible. "Yes, he is your date." A group of similarly dressed witches and wizards walked past them, laughing at something as they turned onto Knockturn Alley. Lily looked around for James and his girlfriend. They were late and Rose could already see the pinched look forming around her cousin's mouth. Pretty soon she would be frothing at the mouth. Lily folded her arms, giving Rose a judgmental once-over. "I see you followed the breadcrumbs to my gift." "You put it on my bed with a sign that said 'wear this or else'. It wasn't exactly subtle." Rose deadpanned. Lily looked rather chuffed. "Oh, and stop convincing my mum to let you into my flat." "It was for a good cause." "I'm not a charity case." Lily just stared at her blankly until Rose maturely stuck out her tongue. "I made you look smashing tonight." Lily gave her another critical once-over. "I like the bracelets, but you could've done with more war paint around your eyes. And your hair. You could've done something more dramatic with it. Braided ponytails are boring and lazy. And what are your shoes? I left better ones for you, I'm sure of it. Why didn't you wear them?" "Um." Rose gaped at her. "Perhaps I didn't want to fall over all night." Lily scowled and Quincy bravely asked, "Is it always like this?" "Pretty much." Scorpius muttered his first words of the evening, looking slightly put out. It could have been because he looked like he'd just stepped out of some new aged hipster magazine with his denims, band t-shirt, glasses, and messy hair. He caught her staring and patted down his hair in a poor attempt to fix it. "Lily made a proper mess with it." "I made it better," she preened. "The just-woke-up look is in again with the Muggles." Scorpius looked like someone who had long since run out of bothers to give. Rose sidled up next to him, poking him in the side "You look like a cheesed off hipster. You're probably judging Lily's outfit right now, aren't you? Go on. Tell the truth." "Piss off," Lily sulked. Al coughed to cover his amusement, but not well enough because it earned him a punch in the arm from his sister. Quincy then laughed at his not-so-manly yelp. Al shoved him in the arm. As the childish shoving and laughing match ensued, Scorpius rolled his eyes and cracked a tiny smile that was tense around the edges. Rose didn't like it so she butted his arm with her head until he glared but lifted his arm to wrap around her shoulders. She hugged him around the waist, resting her head on his chest. He smelled like sandalwood, mint, and oddly enough, old paper. "Been in a library?" Scorpius absently played with the end of her braid as the tension literally bled from him. "My dad's. I needed to see if there was a Dreamless Draught potion that didn't include Flobberworm Mucus. I have a patient who is allergic." "Your dedication to your patients is admirable. Are you off tomorrow?" Scorpius nodded. "And Sunday, too, so I'll be at brunch." "Me too. There's an apocalypse film out now. I know just how much you love the end of the world." "I think you're projecting again, but I'll come. Supper afterwards?" "And I won't even complain about the vegetables." Scorpius grinned. "It's about time you two turned up!" Lilt screeched. Rose leaned back, bypassing the strange look Quincy was giving her, to see James and – okay, Rose wasn't going to pretend she knew her name – sheepishly approach them. They were wearing matching outfits. She rolled her eyes. That idiot's hopelessness knew no bounds. "Sorry, Matilda had a late shift." "Mishap in the Department of Mysteries," Matilda sighed. "It took ages for everyone to decontaminate." That seemed to placate Lily. She probably remembered that not every witch James dated was a complete idiot. "Let's just go and have fun. We all need it." The rave was well underway when they checked their wands and bags in at the door. The base thumped so hard Rose felt it in her chest. It didn't hurt. It was just odd. No matter how many times she'd been dragged out, she'd never get used to the atmosphere. Her vision blurred under the harsh, flashing lights and she gripped Scorpius' hand tightly, twining their fingers together and let him guide her through the throngs of bodies gyrating to the driving baselines of the DJ she couldn't even see. By some stroke of luck, they ended up at the packed bar. Al immediately got in line to order drinks. Rose relaxed her grip, but never let go. Lily attempted to shout instructions to everyone, probably about where they would meet when they were ready to leave, but no one paid her any mind. James and Matilda disappeared before she finished. Al reappeared seemingly out of thin air with five vials of pink liquid. Potions. "Inhibition potions? Really, Al?" Rose shouted as she dropped Scorpius' hand to take one. "It's light. The barman said it'll just help us relax a tad. It'll last three hours, max." Lily popped up next to him and snatched a vial. "Thanks!" She downed it and smirked at Rose. "Seeing as you look terrified, it might do you some good." "Is this even safe?" she asked Scorpius, who was eyeing his vial sceptically. "Looks like it," he uncapped his vial. "The darker they are, the more potent. This looks pretty light." Quincy and Al clink their vials together and tossed the contents back with ease and then grinned. Their newfound camaraderie was disturbing on all levels and judging from the look on Scorpius' face, he agreed. Lily started dancing in place, shaking her hips to the beat of the music. Truth be told, Lily had been right. Under the lights of the club, she didn't look like she had an incurable disease. And Rose wasn't the only one who had noticed. A few blokes at the bar had their eyes on her cousin. But then she did some move that made her look like a cartoon character and the universe righted itself once again. Rose took her potion under everyone's watchful gaze. They all cheered in unison. The effects were instant. Rose felt her muscles relax and her heartbeat steady. She grabbed Quincy's arm and started dragging him towards the dance floor. Scorpius shot her a funny look. "I owe him a dance. Back soon." "You can dance with me, Score," was the last thing she heard Lily say before she and Quincy vanished into the crowd. They danced and jumped around for what felt like hours. Rose wasn't much of a dancer, but Quincy made up for it with a surprising amount of rhythm. He tried to teach her, but the potion wasn't strong enough to make her even attempt to shake her hips. No. Just no. Regardless, she was having fun, and for the first time tonight didn't seem like a colossal bad idea. Surprising. By the point of that realisation, she and Quincy weren't so much dancing together as they were dancing in front of each other. People kept cutting through them, in and out. Witches interested in Quincy; wizards interested in her. It was wicked hot from all the bodies in motion and she was probably being judged for doing a few moves that resembled The Robot that sent the last bloke on, but it didn't matter. Nothing mattered. The music was exhilarating. Infectious. And Rose regretted nothing. It must have been getting late because the DJ started dialling down from the almost frantic tempo they'd set earlier to something almost hypnotic. It made Rose close her eyes and just sway from side to side. When she opened her eyes again, she spotted Quincy immediately. His hair wasn't going to survive the two witches who were gyrating against him. He didn't seem to mind. Familiar hands gripped her shoulders and she leaned back into the body behind her, knowing exactly who it was. They rocked together for a moment before Scorpius dipped his head to murmur into her ear. "Al took Lily home about ten minutes ago." "Why?" "She decided to mix the potion with four Firewhiskys and chucked up on some bloke's shoes. He didn't seem to mind. Or notice." "Ouch," Rose winced. "She's going to feel like absolute rubbish for the rest of the weekend." He agreed. "Anyway, I'm leaving, too. I have to go in. There's been another death." Rose turned so they were face to face. Scorpius hair was matted to his forehead and he'd inherited a red skinny tie. "Now? But the potion—" "Should be out my system by the time I get there. She was my patient." And he was troubled by it, she could see that much. "Look, I'll see you tomorrow. I have to go." "No." She grabbed him by the tie to stop him from leaving. "I'll come with you." "You should stay." He looked over his shoulder at Quincy. "Make sure she gets home safely." Rose ignored Quincy's nod and stared her best friend down. He looked right knackered more than anything. Frustrated and sad. He took each loss personally and harder than he probably should. "Not a damsel, I can find my way home. Not that it matters, since I'll be coming with you." "No." "Yes. End of story. I took a kip after work and I know for a fact that you didn't. I'll wait, do some paperwork, something. I'll sort it out. Someone needs to make sure you don't collapse from exhaustion. And that someone is me. So get over it." Scorpius sighed his acquiescence. Rose grinned and bounced over to Quincy. "We're heading out. Have fun with Thing One and Two." She waggled her brows at him. "I will," he flashed a grin. "Hey, Rose." He glanced over her shoulder where Scorpius still stood. When she shot him a questioning look, he continued. "You know, from before, you should've told me. I would've understood, but I'll catch you later, yeah?" Rose nodded, but walked away completely confused. What? By the time they arrived at St. Mungo's, security was on high-alert and the metaphorical red tape of bureaucracy was wrapped around the ward. Scorpius was immediately granted access as the victim's healer, but no amount of name-dropping and not event the sight of her mother's bushy hair could get her past the Aurors guarding the entrance to the ward. "It's not my fault that your security is so flawed that—" Scorpius dragged her to a corner before she could finish giving the Auror a piece of her mind. And probably get arrested for something in the process. "I'll be an hour. They'll want her medical files and a detailed account of her care from the day she was admitted. Shouldn't take long. Breakfast when I'm done?" "You're paying, just so you know. And we better not go to some vegetarian place. I refuse to eat fake bacon." Rose frowned at the mere thought. "Fakeon," she whispered in disgust. Scorpius laughed out loud and it made Rose smile in response. "And then we'll go to my flat and get some rest, yeah? Because I know you won't sleep at yours." He rolled his eyes. "I'll drop by mine after breakfast and pick up extra clothes." "Perfect. Now I'll go do some paperwork in Lavender's office and steal some of the candy she thinks I don't know about in her top drawer." He snorted. "Save me some chocolate?" "You closeted chocoholic, you." Rose emphasised each word with a poke to his chest. Scorpius twisted away from her poking fingers. "You say that like it's a bad thing." Point made. "I—" "Scorpius," Henrietta called from several feet away. She was in her Healer's robes, but judging from the state of her hair, she'd just rolled out of bed. Her arms were folded and she looked supremely stressed. "They're ready for you." And she walked away without so much as acknowledging Rose's presence. "Hiya!" Rose called after her. Then shot her best friend a look. "Pretty sure she still hates me." "I'm pretty sure she does, too." At least he had the decency to look apologetic about it. He loosened his skinny tie, put it on her, lightly tugged on the end of her braid, and followed Henrietta. Rose loitered around for a bit before she left. Healer Brown's office had been a cyclone of unorganised files and loose papers when Rose had started. In a month she'd managed to tame the loose paper into three piles: important, research, and possible rubbish. And then she'd sub-divided those piles into: really important, meh, relevant research, useless research, definite rubbish, and possible rubbish. And she hadn't even started organising the long-term patient files yet. That was a beast she wanted to slay with loads of coffee. And candy. Speaking of candy, Rose broke into the top drawer with a whispered Alohamora and a flick of her wand. She spent the next few minutes enjoying a few handfuls of sour rind watermelons and flipping through dull research on aconite poisoning Lavender had left on her desk. She grabbed a few chocolate bars for Scorpius and got to work on clearing out the possible rubbish pile, moving a few papers to the research and important stacks. Her stomach rumbled half an hour later, but she suppressed it with a piece of liquorice. That didn't satisfy it for long. Ten minutes later, it rumbled again. And again five pieces of candy later. "I get it, stomach. You want real food. I get it. I want real food, too, but you don't hear me complaining." To which it replied with a loud rumble. "You win. Let's find Scorpius." She straightened Lavender's desk, locked the top drawer, turned off the lights, and locked the door behind her. Rose took the elevator back to the trauma ward's floor, but before she could get round the corner towards the ward, she was approached by an Auror, who asked her for identification. "Why?" Rose asked, but still flashed the badge she always carried in her beaded bag. "This hall is off limits, Miss Weasley." "On whose authority?" The man lip twitched when he said, "Your mother's." And, well, mum's authority in the Ministry knew no bounds. Rose was pretty sure there were a percentage of people out there who actually thought she was the Minister. "So are all the halls off limits or just this one?" "Just this one." Rose got an idea because taking the detour route to the ward wasn't part of her plan. "Did you know that I went to a Muggle primary school? No? Well, I had an instructor who told me something fascinating. Did you know that the shortest distance between two points is a straight line?" "How exactly is this relevant?" "You see, I'm trying to get to the trauma ward and it's straight down that hall. Ignore the two lefts I have to make to get there and the rights, too. It's practically a straight line. I just think that in the interest of time, you should let me through. I won't tell a soul. Promise." "Can't let you through." "Is it because of my argument? Because I can come up with something better. That wasn't my best work, which isn't fair. You deserve the best." "Don't bother. You're still not getting through." "But I—" The stony look the Auror gave her made her point past him. "I'll just go that way. You have a… jolly time standing there. I'll just—" "Go." And she went, making sure he heard exactly how she felt about the grumpy gargoyle routine he had going there. Rose could have sworn she heard him chuckle as she rounded the corner, which was just disheartening. Just like that, she'd been reduced to the comedic relief. That was apparently a running theme for the evening, or rather early morning now. Only bacon could help her regain her dignity. And maybe a pancake. Or five. She ate her feelings, okay. And they were delicious with lemon juice and sugar. And so on she walked, passing by rooms eight, nine, and ten; forced the long way around that sent her through the halls she walked with Lavender each day. She quickly realised that it was different at night. The constant hum of activity and noise Rose thrived on during the days was nonexistent. It was dead, uncharacteristically so, and the silence made each footstep echo through the empty hall. So she began humming and taking louder steps with longer strides, because the one thing Rose hated more than her mum's cereal bars was the quiet. It activated her imagination, waking the part of her brain that was an absolute drama queen and mystery novel fan. But it was too late. All of a sudden, she wasn't Rose Weasley taking a familiar detour to the trauma ward. No, she was a consulting detective, deducing her way to the cause of the phantom shift in the air. What? Rose froze, thinking her fantasy had gotten the better of her – somewhat – good sense. It had happened often enough, but really, it wasn't her fault. Her imagination was a by-product of all the stories her parents had told her of their time at Hogwarts. The mysteries and suspicion, three-headed dogs and acromantulas, and don't get her started on the revolving door that was the Defence Against the Dark Arts position. Rose spent her entire First Year just waiting for something to come along and threaten Al's life. Yes, Al. After all, he was the one who looked the most like his dad so it was only fair that he be destined to have his life threatened by a nose-less wanker with a power complex and a fear of death. It worked in Rose's eleven-year-old mind, but not so much in reality. The worst thing that happened during First Year was that Al got the flu, threw up in his cauldron, and it exploded in his face. Needless to say, Rose's time at Hogwarts was positively boring in comparison to her parents' but her imagination had always been there to keep life lively. Unfortunately, the strangeness in the air had nothing to do with her imagination. It was real. It prickled her skin and dried her mouth, which was enough for a tiny voice in her head – a voice that sounded a lot like her dad – to say, "Here be dragons." And really that was just uncalled for. All Rose wanted to do was get to a place in her day where she could sit down and satisfy her soul with food that had an alarming amount of calories. So Rose walked on with purpose and extreme focus…for all of about three steps. Because by then, she'd reached the end of the hall and the proverbial – okay, literal – fork in the road. Which wouldn't be such an issue on a normal day, but right now, she couldn't remember which way to go. And that. That wasn't normal. Rose looked to the right, then the left. She knew her way around, of course, she had it memorised and categorised in her mind along with the rest of St. Mungo's. The layout wasn't complex. If a corporeal messenger Patronus could find its way, so could she. Confidence restored, Rose went left. And then quickly turned on her heels and jogged in the other direction. Not that it mattered. Nothing looked familiar. But Rose walked on, slowly and carefully, ignoring all the feelings of unease that seemed to grow with every turn she took. Right. Left. Left. Right. Every hall looked the same – bright, shiny, and white – nothing distinguishing one corridor from another, like a whiteout in a snowstorm. Room eight. Room Nine. Room Ten. Rose considered finding her way back to the Auror, because, really, to hell with this. But the problem with that was that it didn't feel like a life choice that would result in anything other than further confusion. And frustration. And there was plenty of that building, so much that it blurred her vision. In no way did any of this make sense. Rose knew her way around. She knew the hospital; could find her way with her eyes shut. She shouldn't – no, couldn't – be lost or confused or second-guessing herself like she was. It defied every shred of logic. Rose stopped and rested her forehead against the wall as she did her best to think of a way out. She didn't realise how fast her heart was pounding and how badly her hands were shaking until right then. Merlin, it felt like her chest was about to implode; like there something on it, pressing it, and pushing it inward. Rose's only outlet was to close her eyes and take a few of those cleansing breaths her mum had taught her. In the nose and out the mouth. Again. Inhale. Exhale. Slower. She had to get it together. Now wasn't the time for panic. There wasn't even a reason for such a thing. This was all in her head. All she had to do was get back on the right track. Where was she again? Room Eight. Right. Breathe. She had to find her way to Scorpius and breakfast and a place where she could laugh about this little non-adventure. Breathe. And she did just that until her breathing slowed and her ears stopped ringing. Her stomach grumbled. Rose was about to lament on the irony of starving in three floors from the cafeteria, but remembered the chocolate bars. Sorry Scorpius, but survival of the fittest and all that. Rose bit into the bar, savouring the flavour. The overhead lights flickered. Peering up curiously, she took another bite and shrugged it off. Nothing. It was nothing. St. Mungo's was an old, creepy hospital. And sure, the hospital boasted about the fact that they ran on a supply of magic that wouldn't fail long enough for the lights to flicker. But in the end, it was still old. Old and unreliable with flickering lights. Old and creepy. The lights flickered again. And again. Seven years of being in Slytherin taught her that if something happened once, it was an accident. Twice was a coincidence. Three times – well that just meant something was wrong and she needed to make a tactful retreat. With speed. And tact. Which Rose would have done had the lights not flickered once more and plunged the entire hall into darkness. Which was just perfect. Because suddenly she was in a poor remake of every stupid horror movie and that meant she was going to be the first one to die. Or get eaten. And she wasn't even dressed like a slag. Not fair. Another thing that wasn't fair: the sliver of light peeking from beneath the door in front of her; a light that grew brighter, hotter, and more intense the more she stared. Because that was completely normal. Dread and every other conceivable negative emotion slammed into her like – like a curse. Like a spell. Like magic. And that was…well, it was the only explanation for everything. This was all part of some spell – a ward. A very powerful one, all things and her trip to the edge of sanity considered. Rose knew a lot about wards. Some were designed to be undetectable, but others deterred undesirables who got too close using any sort of method. It all depended on the intent of the caster. Most played with a person's mind, distracting them until they left, but there were a few out there that played dirty to the point that anyone who came too close tended to ignore the obvious. Like, for instance, the fact that she'd passed by Room Eight more than once tonight. Room Eight. The glowing room. Probably not a coincidence. She forced all the – likely magic-induced – emotions to the back of her mind and chewed her chocolate bar slowly, looking around to see if the lights to rooms nine and ten were on, but they weren't. Just this one. Room Eight. And it was pulsing dangerously bright as if to warn her off. She almost thought about listening, almost grabbed her wand and used it to guide her down the dark hall, but there was…something. A feeling, well more like a morbid curiosity coupled with the realisation that the only way out of the maze was to find its centre. A glowing room, well, that was just it, right? Rose took a final bite of chocolate and stood to her feet. Everything – every single shred of her good sense and survival instinct told her to leg it far and fast, but Rose's mind was made up. Someone once said that only way out of hell was to go through it. So she stood on shaky legs, making sure she had her wand in her hand and her wits about her. Rose approached the door, resting her hand on the oddly warm knob, turning, pushing the door open slowly. And of course, the door's squeal announced her presence. Just great. She pushed the door open because, hell, in for a Knut, in for a Galleon, and all that… Immediately, she wished he hadn't. Rose stumbled forward, all her senses bombarded by light and feelings of dread and the smell of something that burned everything. She dropped to her knees, coughing and eyes watering, clutching her ears to block out…something. The dread? She didn't know, but it helped Rose momentarily regain her senses and breath. She forced her eyes open and— Standing over a sleeping patient was a person shrouded in a dark cloak, speaking in an unfamiliar language and clutching a dagger that glowed brighter with each word. The words burned in Rose's ears as the air thickened to the point where it felt almost liquid. Rose desperately gasped for the breath she couldn't find, body trembling and tears pouring from her eyes. She was drowning. Disbelief and terror bled into shock, leaving a sort of defiant horror in the hollow of where Rose's heart had practically stopped beating. And then it all stopped. The air cleared and the room was plunged into an empty silence that only Rose's harsh, gasping breaths filled. The silence did something else: it shook her from her stupor to the point where she could open her eyes. She didn't even bother to wipe the tears from her cheeks, because why bother when something was standing in front of you that wasn't there before. Or rather someone. Bloody hell, she really was going to die. How rude. She craned her head upward. Rose couldn't see the face behind the hood, not that it mattered, because she found herself staring at the dagger – the dagger that was now glowing red. Rose's heart started racing as she held up what was left of her sweet treat and blurted the first thing that came to mind. "Chocolate?" There was no reaction. "Oh go on." She tried again, voice shaking. "Everyone loves chocolate. Yummy, yummy, yum!" Rose choked on her nervous laughter, extending her hand out further; the wrapper nearly touching the cloak. Still nothing. "No? Well, I'll just take this delicious treat elsewhere and—" "You shouldn't be here, Rose Weasley." The voice was too high to be male, but too low to be female, and that was as far as she analysed it. Because the second they said her name, Rose's heart exploded somewhere around her knees and she panicked. Clumsily, she scrambled to her feet, stumbling backwards in an attempt to escape. Not that it mattered. Before she could reach the door, much less regain her balance, the door shut behind her with a resounding slam. Of course it did. "Leaving so soon?" the person asked. "That was the plan." The hooded person stepped towards her. Rose almost backed against the door in a bout of reflexive terror, but stopped herself. Never back yourself into a corner, her dad had always said. Right. She dropped the chocolate and stepped forward, keeping her eyes trained on the red dagger. "So is this the part where you get stabby or are we just going to continue to stare at each other?" She raised her hand. "Not that you care about my opinion on the matter, but I am for anything that keeps me at about a zero on the pain scale. I'm just tossing that out in the universe." Rose paused. "Sure you don't want any chocolate? I have plenty in my—" "One day that mouth of yours is going to get you into trouble." "Far too late for that, I think. I'm here, aren't I?" The hooded person looked askance at her. "Actually, that's what I want to know. How are you here? My wards—" "Are flawless. I'm not sure which part I liked better: the part where it had me wandering around in circles like a dying bloke in the desert or the part where I nearly went nutters and had to talk myself out of having a much-deserved panic attack. Bloody brilliant, really." "Fascinating," the person drawled, "That doesn't explain how you made it past them." "I'm going to go with something I like to call 'Genetically-Inherited Dumb Luck'. I got it from my dad." "Next time I'll be sure to ward against that, too." And they pulled off their hood. In the dimness of the room, all Rose could see was dark hair and facial features that didn't seem right or natural, the face was feminine and not at the same time. Probably a glamour. She always had a hard time telling for sure. Where was Lily when Rose needed her? She could pick out any sort of glamour from across the room. Rose watched the person as they carefully placed the still-glowing dagger on the bed of the sleeping – or likely comatose – patient. She thought about hexing them good and escaping, but that didn't seem like the best idea, especially when they knew a bit more wandless magic than she did. Summoning wands? Rose had that down. But shutting doors? Not so much. They had their back to her when they said, "You made a wise decision not to attack just now." "More like tactical." "You really are like your mother." Rose instinctively tightened her grip on her wand, readying for a fight. "Is this the part where you tell me that I know too much and can't stroll out of here alive?" They turned, wand in hand. That cloak clearly had a few pockets. "No, it's actually the part where I alter your memories to make you believe that you're the one who's been causing all the unexplained deaths. And then wait for a few months before continuing my…well, mission, if you will." Mission? "That's actually sort of brilliant, but I'm going to have to pass on that inevitable trip to Azkaban. The North Sea does nothing for my complexion." "I had a feeling you might say that." Rose's stomach churned, knowing just what she'd have to do to make it out of there with her memories intact. She wasn't much of a dueller in the traditional sense, preferring to let her words and reputation fight her battles, which had worked just fine for her until now. She took a step back. The person chuckled, low and menacing. "This is going to be easier than I thought." Rose absently wished she'd attended at least one Duelling Club meeting, but realised it probably wouldn't have done her any good. She never saw the point of practising spell-casting reflexes when there was nothing on the line. Just because Rose could fire a counter-spell when someone was trying to make her do a jig, didn't mean she would be able to do the same when fighting for her life. "Stupefy!" Apparently, she'd been wrong about that. Because the moment she heard the spell, Rose had it blocked before her brain caught up to what was happening. The same went for the next three spells: two different stunners and a malevolent-looking blue light that she'd never seen before. Rose was so dazed from her surprise duelling ability that she had to duck to avoid another stunner from hitting her in the chest. As she straightened, Rose brushed the fringe from her face and huffed, "You could've given me some warning. Voldemort let my uncle pick up his wand, for Merlin's sake!" "Voldemort just wanted to prove he was the better wizard. I, on the other hand, could care less. Crucio!" Rose knew what was coming and all she could think was help me. She tried to prepare herself, relax her muscles, focus on something, breathe, but who was she kidding? Her vision blurred and muddled as her body exploded in a particular brand of searing pain she'd never experienced before. It was indescribable, electric, and all she could do was fold in on herself and feel. It was all too much, too intense, and all-consuming. She lost track of everything: time, place, and even her own mind. It was as if she were being annihilated from the inside out, like every layer of skin was being stripped away and burned. The pressure was too much. Her head was going to explode. Unconsciously, Rose ground her teeth together to relieve some of the stress. But it didn't work. She heard them say 'Crucio' again, with more emphasis, and everything became hotter and even more agonising. Rose was sweating, felt it running down her cheeks, or were they tears? She didn't care to figure it out. She tried to crawl away, but there was nowhere to go. She tried to focus on something, but she couldn't concentrate over the taste of copper in her mouth and the sound of her own feral screams. But then it was over and an infinite numbness swept through her. Part of her body screamed pain, her mind yelled danger, but she was too overwhelmed and exhausted to ascertain anything really. All she could do was gather her wits. Rose heard the person move, saw them grab her legs. "Hurts, doesn't it?" They asked as they dragged her further into the room. "The good thing is that, after this, you won't remember the—" Rose used every bit of strength to kick out and by some miracle, she landed a blow to their face. Drops of blood landed on her denims as Rose's tormentor dropped her legs in shock and staggered back, clutching their bleeding nose and swearing darkly. Groaning, Rose rolled over to her stomach and tried to get to her feet and leg it, but her stomach was rolling and her knees weren't working right. Not that it mattered anyway, because all she heard was an angry, "Stupefy!" And then she heard nothing at all. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Here we go
When the tears come streaming down your face 'Cause you lose something you can't replace When you love someone but it goes to waste What could it be worse? Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you Fix You-Coldplay Chapter Six – Better Than I Know Myself The Trauma ward was in controlled chaos. To patients and their families, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. The ward, while nearing capacity, was quiet with low lighting, closed doors, and the occasional beep to alert a Medi that their patient was in need of assistance. They transferred four patients to more specialised wards to complete their recovery and handled three emergencies. The most memorable being a Department of Mysteries employee with newly diagnosed case of Vanishing Sickness. It was likely fatal, judging from the rate his body parts were disappearing, but it gave them the perfect excuse. So if anyone complained about the ward's lockdown or that no one was allowed out of their rooms, well, it was just because they wanted to quarantine the area. Vanishing sickness was contagious and fatal, after all. Not to worry, though. It was for everyone's safety. Every employee, however, knew otherwise. Scorpius noticed the tension almost immediately. It wasn't palpable. Just the little things. Like the haunted looks on a couple of the Medi-witches and the Healer Assistant's faces, and the panic on some of the Healer's faces. They all were afraid to lose their jobs. And, truthfully, he couldn't blame them. They all were. Scorpius chanced a look back, eyes searching for Rose, but only managed to catch a moment of turquoise denims and auburn hair before the doors automatically shut. His stomach clenched anxiously. That afternoon he'd been combing through the Manor's library, looking for a replacement for Flobberworm Mucus because Ms. Shingleton was allergic, and now she was…just gone. He couldn't fathom it. They'd worked tirelessly to keep her alive after she'd been badly injured during a potions accident in her home over six months ago, and just when she was making a turn for the better… It was disheartening. Ms. Shingleton was about his father's age, with no living family and friends who had never bothered to visit. She was alone. When she'd awoken from her induced coma three months ago, Scorpius had started checking up on her more often. Getting attached, Henrietta had said, shooting her customary 'I have opinions on this' look. She'd always kept herself emotionally distant from her patients; it was what made her a good Healer. Scorpius did the same, but also knew that loneliness itself was a killer. He never visited long, or everyday. Maybe twice a week; whenever he could make time. First, he'd just talked with her about her road to recovery because she couldn't speak. Then, he'd started reading to her and telling her stories about his friends that made her smile. Scorpius brought her books and newspapers and a wireless to make her recovery easier. And when she started talking again three weeks ago, she told him about her life, about her husband who had been killed trying to protect her from Snatchers, her parents who had died long before that, and how she spent her time volunteering and making hard to come by potions for the poor. She was a good person, but now was nothing but a name on a growing list. "Sorry to have pulled you away from your night out…with your friends." Henrietta's voice sounded a bit odd, but he didn't have the energy to comment. Scorpius looked at his friend as they rounded another corner, heading towards the meeting room. He started to question her tone, but they had bigger problems than Hentietta's disapproval of his friends. Or rather, of Rose. That was a problem one conversation couldn't fix. "It's fine," he replied. "I want to be here. I'm—well, I was Ms. Shingleton's primary Healer. It's only right for me to be here." "I agree, but you're probably knackered and nothing is going to change before a reasonable hour. I could bring you breakfast later and we can discuss the meeting then." "Thanks, but I'd rather be here. Rose is here to make sure I don't drop anywhere, but since they wouldn't let her in, she's going to work on paperwork for Healer Brown—" "Or take a kip." Which was entirely likely, knowing Rose, but Henrietta's tone was too disparaging for him to comment without getting defensive. "We're going to breakfast after this. You're welcome to join us." Henrietta's brow rose slowly, disbelief all over her face. "Rose wouldn't mind?" "You don't like her," he said bluntly, because there was no point in being modest. Still, Henrietta gave him a sharp look. "What? It's not a secret. She even knows. You aren't exactly an expert at hiding your feelings, but she doesn't care. You've been my friend since Second Year, so as long as you don't antagonise her or keep her from eating, she won't mind." She had the decency to look properly chastened. "I…I'd like that. To come along, I mean." "That's settled, then." He didn't waste another moment on that awkward topic. "How long have you been here?" "An hour, but it was long enough to learn that Healer Fleet's assistant, Rowan, found Ms. Shingleton at nine when she went to check on her because she hadn't requested supper. It's been estimated that she'd been dead around three hours—" Six o'clock. "That's during a shift change, but why did it take so long to call this meeting?" "Well, they had to secure the scene, get statements from Rowan and everyone on shift, they had to call in a Squib to examine her body because, like with all the others, the magical tests they ran did nothing except corrode her body. They're about to move her if you want to go see for yourself." Scorpius shook his head, feeling vaguely ill at the thought. "Did you?" "Yes." At the prodding look he gave her, she continued on. "Everything was exactly the same as the others: She was tucked in; her arms placed at her sides, pillows fluffed, and there was soft music playing…like they wanted her to be comfortable. She was extremely pale, as if the life had been drained out of her. No fresh marks on her; aside from the degrading the magical tests had done before someone rushed in and told them to stop what they were doing. The examiners were new. They didn't know about the 'no magic' rule." He remained silent for a few moments, but Henrietta chattered on. "My only question is: how did they get in?" Scorpius was glad she'd stopped talking about the state of Ms. Shingleton's body like she was explaining the state of the economy, but thought the answer to her question was simple. "She died around six. At that time of day, there would be people coming and going; it would be easy to slip in unnoticed. Despite all the meetings about vigilance, nobody pays attention to their surroundings." "True," she tucked a stray bit of blonde hair behind her ear. "I'm guilty of that myself. We don't walk the halls expecting a – for lack of a better word – a murderer to pass us." Murderer. His brain hadn't quite made the leap from 'unexplained deaths' to 'murder'. Perhaps because no one had uttered the word since they started connecting the deaths. Because then it would be real, and it all was just absurd. Someone killing people. In a hospital. Scorpius could feel Henrietta's eyes on him. "Care to share? You had your thoughtful face on." He shook his head, the lie coming out of his mouth before he could stop it. "I was thinking about the particulars." "Such as?" "We have identification badges to stop unauthorized people from entering the hospital's individual wards so it isn't as if you – or any of us – are overlooking a stranger—" Scorpius frowned. "I'm not saying that it's impossible; someone could have gotten their hands on the proper clearance to gain access to the entire hospital, but it's unlikely. Highly." Her eyes widened. "So you're saying—" "Three sects of people could pull this off repeatedly. Patients, their families, and staff, but the first is even more unlikely than a stranger walking in off the streets and the second's movements are strictly regulated as of late, it's easy to conclude—" She grabbed him by the arm, looked around before dragging him into an empty room. She looked around again before shutting the door and spinning around. In a harsh whisper, she said, "If you're going to say what I think you are, it would be wise not to accuse anyone within earshot of anyone else." "I'm not accusing anyone. I'm merely pointing out the facts." "You believe someone on staff would do this." Scorpius rubbed the back of his neck. "It sounds worse when you say it aloud." "That's because it is bad!" Henrietta shouted, then covered her mouth with both hands, eyes wide as saucers. She waited, probably for someone to burst into the room because she was high strung like that, but relaxed when no one came. Scorpius just waited for her to continue, and quickly at that, because the meeting would be starting soon. "Look, after the war, St. Mungo's established itself as a safe place. The hospital does everything possible to make sure they're hiring the right people, you know that. And if it gets out that a staff member is going around killing patients, it would just be catastrophic, so you can't just walk around saying things like that where people can hear you." And she opened the door and left. But that didn't make it any less of a possibility. Scorpius was in the last in the final group of stragglers to enter the nearly full meeting room, which had earned him a look from Henrietta and a half-smile from the head of MLE, Hermione Granger-Weasley, who sat just to the right of the head hospital administrator. Tilting her head to the side, she looked past him for her daughter and Scorpius shook his head. She seemed momentarily puzzled, but said nothing so Scorpius took one of the few remaining seats between a Mediwitch and a worried-looking Healer and pointedly did not listen to the quiet discussion about their job security the Healer was having with the Mediwizard sitting next to him. It was something he pointedly did not want to think about. The Ministry had done everything to keep the story about the 'unexplained deaths' silent until they figured out what exactly was going on, but people were still dying. And with each death, the chance of St. Mungo's dirty secret going public was becoming more and more of a reality. Scorpius knew how Wizarding London would react. Henrietta had been right, after all. This all was bigger than them. It was about the hospital as a whole. If people knew, their reputation would be destroyed, funding and donations would dry up, and the public cry for answers and justice would cost several of them their jobs. And Scorpius couldn't help but think that despite all the good he'd done since joining the staff, his surname would be his downfall. Despite all the reparations his family had paid since the war, their good deeds, and public scrutiny they'd endured, in the eyes of many, the Malfoys were still up to no good. Oh, they were gossiped about and their parties and galas were highly-anticipated events, but when things went wrong, people looked at them first. It angered his grandparents to the point of exhaustion, but his father wasn't concerned for himself. "Forgiveness doesn't come so easily." His father had told him just before he left for Hogwarts. "I'll likely spend the rest of my life making up for my mistakes and the sins of my father, but I've come to terms with that. I've been forgiven by some, which is more than I could've asked for. The only thing I regret is what my sins will do to you. What they have already done." But Scorpius hadn't suffered, not in the way he could've had he not had Albus and Rose and their families accepting him. They protected him from the public in a way his father never could, and he'd been fortunate in a way other children and grandchildren of former Death Eaters hadn't. The public genuinely liked him, treated him with a respect no one in his family had received since his father was a child, and his association with these deaths threatened it all. Scorpius believed it more when the Auror sitting across from him eyed him suspiciously. He met the older Auror's eyes and didn't shy away because truthfully, if his father's sins had indeed caught up with him, Scorpius would bear it without resentment. Not out of some demented sense of duty, but because his father's mistakes had made Scorpius into the man he was today. Father protected him from the ambitions of his family and made sure Scorpius knew it wasn't his fault when his mother decided she only wanted to be bothered with either of them when it best suited her. He raised Scorpius to be humble, to make his own decisions, be his own person, and to stand up for what he believed. He taught Scorpius patience and acceptance, integrity and self-control. His father wanted him to be different, better, than he had been. He told Scorpius all about his history, especially the ugly and horrific parts, so that he'd never repeat it. His father had been there for him from the beginning, at every milestone, every Quidditch game and event, and never let Scorpius question once if he was loved. He was proud to be a Malfoy, and if being a Malfoy ultimately cost him his job at St. Mungo's, well, he'd—well, he'd cross that bridge when he came to it. The hospital administrator – a man named Angus Wigworthy, who was in his early nineties and oddly reminded him of a taller relative of Professor Flitwick – called the meeting to order and everyone sat up a bit straighter in their chairs, Scorpius included. "I'm sure everyone in here knows why we're here today. There has been another mysterious death." Murder, Scorpius replaced in his mind and his stomach didn't roll at the thought. Henrietta gave him a pointed look that spoke volumes about her disapproval of his thought processes, but he ignored it. When Mr. Wigworthy launched into an overly-clinical lecture abut Mrs. Shingleton's death and how it linked to the others, Scorpius tuned the man out. He knew enough already and didn't want to hear him talk about her – or any of the victims – as if they were nothing more than pieces to a puzzle they all wanted to put together sooner rather than later. "For the safety of our patients, their families, and staff, we're trying our best to keep these deaths contained until we figure out who or what is behind this, and we need everyone's help. We ask that you not gossip about the cases with anyone outside of the hospital. And—" "Excuse me," Hermione Granger-Weasley stood up. "I don't mean to interrupt." "Oh, please go ahead. I was nearly finished." She smiled graciously at the man and cleared her throat before addressing the room. Henrietta sat up straight. She didn't like Rose much, but as a fellow Muggle-born, she respected Hermione greatly. "I just want you all to remember that there are people, who have died prematurely and under mysterious circumstances. They have family and friends that mourn them; children and grandchildren that will grow up without them. If we lose sight on that, we lose sight on everything. As the investigation continues, we should all continue to treat them with the respect they deserve." People around Scorpius nodded, some of the bigger gossipmongers looked a bit humbled. If it was possible, Rose's mum grew even higher in his esteem, just for those words alone. It probably wasn't, after all, he respected her nearly as much as he did his own father. She invited him to every Weasley family event and vacation, took him in when Father went on business trips, and hugged him every time she saw him. Rose's mum took him to his first amusement park and helped him through each bout of air sickness during flights to Australia. She showed him how to use a computer at eleven, took him to his first Muggle library at thirteen, and taught him how to surf at twelve and how to drive at eighteen. One time, when he'd fled to their house after a particularly nasty argument with him mother, Scorpius asked Hermione why she cared so much about him. She ruffled his hair and said eight words that left him quiet for hours: "We may not be blood, but we're family." Hermione moved to head of the table so everyone could see her. She flashed a reassuring smile, clasping her hands together. "I understand this is a scary time for everyone, with the extra security, the rumours floating around, and the lack of answers thus far. The MLE is working hard to get justice for the victims and to restore normality around here. In the meantime, we have to remain calm, poised, and united." "But what about our jobs?" The Healer next to him asked. "They are secure, as far as I know," she answered patiently. "The MLE has determined that these mysterious deaths are not the result of negligence on the hospital staff's behalf." "Have you determined their cause of death then?" "We have not. However, we do know a few things that we did not know a few weeks ago, thanks to a Squib Pathologist who has been examining the bodies. I can't share everything because of the ongoing investigation." A few people shifted in their chairs, but nothing was said. "I know we continue to ask this, but the best defence is a good offence, and we all have to be more in tune with our surroundings." A few people rolled their eyes. Constant vigilance was a term everyone was sick of hearing. "I know you all are sick of us telling you that, but you all know these halls better than any of us. You know what looks normal and what doesn't. And if you see anything or have information, you can share it with an Auror or anonymously, by note. Mr. Wigworthy has so graciously set an office up for my staff inside the hospital. I will be there weekdays during the afternoon hours." Hermione looked around the room, trying to be as comforting as possible. "This is an excellent hospital with a wonderful staff and we will figure out what's going on here." And she went back to her seat. Everyone seemed a bit calmer after that. The rest of the meeting was spent discussing current security measures, followed by a twenty-minute questions session that left Scorpius a bit dazed. His stomach had started rumbling halfway through so by the time Mr. Wigworthy released them, he was all too ready to leave. Henrietta was talking to an Auror so he waited outside the meeting room for her. Hermione came out moments later with a fidgeting Mediwitch, patting her on the shoulder as she said, "If you have any further questions, Lynette, just let me know." Lynette nodded shyly and vanished down the hall. Hermione turned to Scorpius as her reassuring smile faded into a softer one that seemed to be reserved for family. She gave him a quick hug before pulling back to look him over. "You look knackered." "I am," Scorpius replied. "We came straight here from the rave." "Rose is here?" "They wouldn't let her in because she doesn't work in this ward, so she went to do some organising for Healer Brown while she waited." The meeting room door opened and a few more people trickled out, chattering to themselves as they went. He waited until they were well out of earshot before he said, "If I propose a theory—" "You know you can tell me anything, Scorpius." He knew, but for some reason telling her his theory made it real in a way that twisted his stomach in knots. But he told her anyway. "I don't think there's a something that's causing all this. I think it's someone. Probably on staff. It's too neat to be coincidence and—" "I agree." He gaped at her. "Then why haven't—" "We started calling them murders or told everyone that there's a serial killer amongst them?" Hermione finished. Scorpius nodded. "Because that makes people panic, which is the very last thing we need. The more contained this is, the better for everyone. We still don't who it is or know how they're killing them without leaving marks. Harry initially thought it was The Killing Curse when he looked through the files, but the effect of magic on the victim's bodies after death makes me think it's something else entirely." "Like what?" "We're not entirely sure, but we've been testing everything we can possible think of. Harry wanted to help, but every case he takes becomes high-profile, so we're been doing research at my house with Ron, but we haven't had much luck. We have a few employees in the DOM working with us, as well as a few Squib liaisons with Muggle medical experience examining the bodies for evidence, but no one has found anything significant, other than the fact that their hearts are damaged." Scorpius was confused. "But their bodies aren't damaged." "I know. It makes no sense, but when the Pathologist cut into the bodies, he said their hearts were badly damaged." She let out a frustrated sigh. "I hate to say it, but I'm waiting for them to make a mistake." "Why?" "Because there have been seven killings in nearly four months and the MLE office is no closer to finding out the truth than we were when we started investigating. Think about it: what do we actually know about this person?" "They know a lot about the hospital and they're a bit ritualistic," Scorpius answered, thinking about Mrs. Shingleton's fluffed pillows and the music playing by her bed side. "Yes, and they're patient and meticulous, more and more confident with each killing, but they don't seem to be on a particular schedule. The first was the sloppiest because the woman was awake at the time of the attack, but so many magical tests had been done that nothing was viable." Hermione pulled face, but her voice was confident. "Sooner or later, the killer is going to slip up, it always happens, but until then, we're gathering as much information and investigating staff and administration." Scorpius looked at her, astonished. "You're investigating all of us?" "Have been for weeks, now," Hermione answered frankly. A lot of things started making much more sense. "That's why your staff has an office here now." "It makes things easier when people willingly tell us what we need to know." "You weren't supposed to tell me any of this, were you?" he asked wryly. "Not at all," Hermione smiled, "But you had nothing to do with this." "Some might say otherwise. Auror Sheppley looked at me today like he wanted to drag me off to the Wizengamot himself." Hermione snorted, rolling her eyes. "Sheppley is an old bat who believes my place is at home, cooking and cleaning and keeping house. He's hardly someone to take seriously. We're all waiting for him to retire. I have twenty Galleons on next year." She shot him a conspiratorial look and smile. "He has a bad hip." Scorpius couldn't help but flash a small smile. Glancing at her watch, Hermione rested her hand on his shoulder. "It's late – or early, depending on how you look at it. You should probably go dig my wayward child out of her mountain of paperwork and go get some rest." His smile widened at the thought of Rose in a mountain of parchment, looking rumpled. "Rose is supposed to meet us outside the ward. We're going to breakfast with Henrietta. You can join us, too. I'm picking the restaurant so it won't be a fry up or a sketchy kebab stand." She laughed. "Thanks, but I've got loads of work to do and Ron made me promise to at least get five hours of sleep. The sooner I get home, the sooner I can hold up my end of the bargain. But you're more than welcome to come tonight for supper. Ron's doing fish and chips, it's the only thing he can make without burning down the kitchen, but I can make you that chickpea curry you liked so much." It was tempting. She always made enough for him – and by default, Al, who was a lazy sod and bottomless pit – to have leftovers for days. "I'd like that, but Rose is dragging me to the cinema this afternoon and we're going for supper after, but I'm not sure if we're still going." He checked his watch. It was closer to five o'clock than it was to four. "I doubt it. I'll likely sleep through the afternoon." Hermione nodded understandingly. "And you'll wake up hungry. How about you both just come over, we'll have supper, and you two can catch the later show. Just tell Rose I'm making apple pie from scratch and her dad brought ice cream from The Burrow and she'll come running. It'll be a bit like Pavlov's dogs." They both laughed and laughed until Scorpius saw something just a few feet away that made him pause, tilting his head curiously to get a better look. It was a light, intense but translucent, and strangely familiar. It changed right before his eyes, distending as though it were elastic and trying to force itself into a particular shape, but could only morph into something unrecognisable and…wrong. There was a strangeness about it that made him believe it was some sort of exhaustion-induced hallucination. Scorpius shut his eyes, counted to five, and reopened them. It was still there, still hovering, but flickering like a memory caught on film that had been replayed so many times that the colours faded to a grainy grey and white. Scorpius jolted when it stopped flickering, the movement caused Hermione to turn to see what had grabbed his attention. And for a long moment, they both stared, transfixed, as it changed. It looked…hurt. Wounded. Which was absurd. It was just smoke and light and haze. Energy. Magic. It was just someone's listless Patronus. Scorpius dismissed that idea. Corporeal Patronuses, all the ones he'd seen, moved quickly and energetically; this one hovered close to the ceiling, remaining motionless as it seemed to fight its way into a certain shape. Without thinking, he took a slow step towards it. Hermione raised her hand to stop him, her other hand gripping her wand tight. How she had managed that, he didn't know. "Something's wrong with it. Draw your wand." She told him in hushed tones, her eyes still locked on the approaching light. Scorpius did it without question. It started changing again, stretching and jerking almost tiredly, pushing and pulling on itself as if it were fighting its way out. And that was when it started making noise. A distorted scream that chilled him to the bone and some garbled, unintelligible words that sounded like a plea, a prayer. It flickered out for what seemed like eternity and when it came back, it had settled on a shape – an animal – they both knew well. An otter. Hermione took a careful breath and called her daughter's name, the quiet panic in her voice unmistakable. "This isn't funny, R—" The otter exploded in a bright flash that made both him and Hermione close their eyes and turn their heads. When they looked back there was only mist. Before he could even process what had just happened, Scorpius was running after Hermione. He ran. Or rather, he followed Hermione down the long hallway that led to the entrance of the Trauma Ward, drawing questioning looks from everyone they passed. He knew what she was hoping for and quietly wished for the same: that Rose would be waiting outside, hands on her hips and complaining about how she was wasting away to practically nothing while waiting for him. He would take her 'Feed Me, Seymour' impressions and her unflappable love of pork over the feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach any day. They flashed their identification at the one of the two Aurors manning the exit, handed over their wands for checking, and exchanged looks as they waited for the doors to open. He wanted to say something, but was too busy trying to remain the picture of calm. Not that his words would have helped in the end. Rose wasn't there. The entire area was empty, save for the Auror who had let Scorpius through what felt like hours ago. Scorpius dropped into the chair closest to the wall while Hermione had a quiet conversation with the Auror, who then turned and walked through the double doors when she finished speaking. Hermione sat next to him, silent for only a beat. "According to Auror Limmus, no one has come through here in the last half hour. I told him that if he doesn't hear from me in twenty minutes, he's to follow protocol and organise a sweep of the entire hospital." Scorpius stood up. "What are we going to do, then?" "If something has happened, we need to find her before they do so I'm going to Apparate down to Healer Brown's office to see if she's there, and if she isn't, we're going to search this floor ourselves." He pulled face. "I thought only Healers could freely Apparate around the hospital." Hermione pulled out her wand. "I have special clearance." And was gone with a soft pop. Scorpius barely had time to think before Henrietta emerged from the double doors. "I thought you were going to wait for me. Where's Rose?" Scorpius opened his mouth to answer, but didn't know what to say. He knew that if he told her, she would say, "You shouldn't worry until you have enough evidence to." Henrietta was predictable like that, and that mindset wasn't working for him. All he could think about was the flickering, damaged Patronus. The otter that had exploded. "I'm not sure." He answered slowly when she silently prodded him for an answer. "She was supposed to be here." "It's just like her to be late." He didn't have time to tell her about what he'd seen because Hermione returned alone, surprising Henrietta, who jumped back. "She's been down there – oh, hello, Henrietta." "Who's been down where?" She asked in lieu of a greeting. "What's going on?" Hermione left Scorpius to enlighten her, walking to the other end of the hallway to send up a message of her own. He caught a glimpse of her otter before it vanished. His friend was still staring at him expectantly, so he just blurted, "Rose's Patronus message exploded." "Explain." His friend's face went through several increasingly confused faces during his rushed retelling of events and by the end, all she could say was, "Sorry…what?" "That's all I know." From the corner of his eye, Scorpius saw Hermione listening to a message from a Jack Russell, her frown deepening. After she sent two messages, she closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose, clearly worried, but the look was gone when she walked back over to them. "I sent Ron to check her flat, but she isn't there, so—" "She's somewhere in the hospital," he concluded. Hermione nodded. "She was down there, working on papers, judging from the note she left for Lavender saying she needed a bigger rubbish bin. I told Ron to stay at her flat in case she comes home, and sent a message to Harry putting him on standby." "What are we going to do here?" Henrietta asked. "We are going to find her, but," she looked at the blonde standing next to him, placing a hand on her shoulder. "I need you to stay here in case Rose comes here. If she does, send me or Scorpius a message." Eager to please, Henrietta nodded enthusiastically and Hermione gave her a warm smile before they left her behind. They were barely out of earshot when Scorpius asked where they should start looking. "At the lift." Methodically, they checked room after room. Hermione was always in front, wand drawn, while Scorpius watched her back while she checked every corner. They found nothing. Not even a pair of snogging employees or someone taking a kip in an empty bed. It was troubling, but more so disappointing, and he wasn't the only one who thought so. By the time they reached the end of the second hall, the anxiety was rolling off Rose's mother in waves. Or was it him? Hermione was the first to spot the lone Auror standing against the wall not far from the lift. He looked extremely bored, but stood a little straighter when his eyes landed on them. Or – more specifically – when he saw the Head of MLE walking towards him. He greeted them both politely. She pasted a pleasant smile. "Auror Kempling. Any trouble tonight?" "None at all." "Has the body been transported?" "Fifteen minutes ago, yes." "Good," she said. "Have you seen my daughter, by chance?" "Rose? She came through," he pulled out a brass pocketwatch and flipped it open in one smooth motion. "A little over…thirty minutes ago. The way you just came was closed so they could transport the body out quietly. She gave be a spiel about Primary school, points and straight lines?" He looked confused, and Scorpius could only imagine how that exchange must have gone. "But I wouldn't let her by." He shook his head a bit and chuckled. "She wasn't happy about it. Pretty sure she called me a grumpy gargoyle." "That sounds like Rose," Hermione smirked. "Which way did you send her?" Scorpius asked, following Hermione's lead and keeping his tone as casual as possible. He thumbed to his right, but looked askance at his boss. "Everything okay?" No. "Yes, of course," she smiled, but it was fake and perfunctory. "The hall is open again so there's no need to deter anyone else. You should report to the Staff Room for briefing and head on home. Be sure to get some rest and tell you wife I said hello." Auror Kempling nodded and with another polite smile, he left them alone, walking in the direction they'd just come. They waited until he was out of sight before Hermione turned to him, puzzlement splashed across her face. "Thirty minutes ago?" It was a rhetorical question. "He said she went that way, right?" She pointed to the right. Scorpius nodded. "There's a hall of private long-term patient rooms just around the corner." "Why aren't they in the Janis Thickney ward?" "Their families pay an obscene amount for them to have private rooms outside the ward. It was an option the hospital gave families after the expansion." "Interesting." Hermione exhaled and started walking again. He followed. It was quiet for a few moments before she said, "If Rose ends up being fine, I'm going to make her tap dance for hours for worrying me like this." Scorpius fell into step beside her. "I'm going to make her eat tofu." "That's surprisingly wicked of you," she laughed quietly. "Just another thing I picked up from seven years in Ravenclaw." He said as they turned the corner. Scorpius looked over. "Contrary to popular beliefs—" The quirky smile on Hermione's face morphed into alarm and as she stopped. His head snapped to what she'd spotted and froze, his stomach turning to ice. There was a body in the doorway of one of the rooms. Or rather, there was a hand tightly gripping a familiar wand. Scorpius wasn't sure of two things: who had nearly shouted Rose's name or which one of them moved first. The next moments blurred together in a whirlwind of pure adrenaline, movement, and discovery. Rose. Her body was lying crumpled in an awkward heap of limbs and forming bruises, eyes open and unseeing, blood at the corner of her mouth. For the first time in his entire career, Scorpius froze. His heart raced and blood rushed just like it did each time there was an emergency, but everything else just stopped. The first thing Hermione did was close her eyes. Her silent distress and shaky breaths were too much for Scorpius. His head swam with so many broken thoughts he couldn't repair. Numbly, he dropped to his knees on the other side of Rose's body and didn't breathe until he pressed two fingers to the side of her neck and figured out that he hadn't lost his best friend. He felt her hand. "She's Stunned. She isn't—" Dead, he couldn't say, but Hermione understood him all the same. She looked nearly sick with relief. He kept his fingers on Rose's neck. Her pulse was slow, but strong, and he took that moment to pull himself together. To focus. This was what he did for a living. This was his career. He was known for his ability to remain completely calm and level-headed during life or death situations. It didn't matter who it was or how dire the situation, he always held himself together. More than ever, he needed to remember that. "We—" Scorpius choked out. "We need to get her on her back." Hermione seemed to come back to herself as well. "Right." She wiped her eyes, moving so she could secure Rose's head and neck with her hands. Scorpius moved to a more comfortable position, securing her arms and back. "We'll roll her on three. One. Two. Three." They rolled Rose over as gently as they could, but her other arm escaped his grip and flopped to the ground, the sound of her bones rubbing together made him momentarily nauseous. While Hermione absently ran a gentle hand over her daughter's hair, he began mentally noting Rose's injuries: ankle (sprain), bruise on her head (concussion), wrist (broken), bloody nose (unknown cause), bloody mouth (bitten tongue)… Realisation dawned on him. "We need to admit her as soon as possible." Her head snapped up. "She's Stunned. We just need to revive her. We'll get her cleaned up and healed. We'll need to find out what happened and try to get a description of her attacker." "That's not a good idea." Scorpius frowned. "Before they Stunned her, they used the Cruciatus Curse…more than once." "How—" she faltered, sounding a bit faint. "How do you know that?" "I've seen this in Aurors and Hit Wizards who get brought in. Rose's nosebleed is from the strain and her mouth is bloody because she bit down on her tongue repeatedly. She probably pulled a few muscles, too, but we won't know until she wakes up." For the length of a heartbeat, Hermione had a far away look on her face that he'd only seen his father get from time to time when he was remembering. And then it was gone. "There's no telling what all was done to her before or after she was finally Stunned. She needs to wake up on her own, slowly, in a cool quiet room with low light, and not before she's given pain potions. We can send a message to Henrietta—" "We'll take her ourselves." Hermione wanted to use Mobilicorpus to transport Rose, but he thought it would be faster to Apparate with her. So they stood up. Hermione sent a message to her husband, while Scorpius picked Rose up as gently as he could, knees nearly buckling from a combination of exhaustion, hunger, and her dead weight that was heavier than expected. Rose's mother was right there to help take a bit of her weight off him and she didn't bother hiding her concern. He adjusted and got a better grip, but Hermione's face never changed. "You can't do this." "Yes, I can. She's too heavy for you to carry." "You're exhausted. We can call a team—" "Which will cause a panic." "I'd rather deal with that than having you hurt, too. Not to mention, if you Splinch yourself, your father will flood my office with Howlers and—" Hermione stopped suddenly and backed completely out the room, which forced him to stumble backwards, but not hard enough to jostle Rose too badly. "Forget everything I said, message Henrietta. She needs to be the first Healer here when I call the Aurors." "Why are you—?" "This is the mistake I've been waiting for." And that was when Scorpius finally saw what she was talking about. What had been there with them all along. What they'd missed in their initial panic over finding Rose. The other body. Scorpius didn't recall falling asleep. What he had remembered was what felt like minutes of restless tossing and turning on the uncomfortable cot in Rose's hospital room; his mind alert when his body was not. How could he truly rest after everything that had happened? The seventh victim was a man named Odin Pembroke. He had taken three stunners to the chest five years ago during a mugging near Diagon Alley, survived, but hadn't regained consciousness. He was a wealthy man and had family that didn't visit as often, but saw to it that he was comfortable so it was hard to determine if the killer had done any of their normal rituals. Not that it mattered. His body was just like all the others, but the Aurors and examiners worked with a renewed sense of purpose as soon as they figured out Odin had been dead less than an hour. He quickly became their first – and the best – chance at figuring out how the others had died. And Rose? Much to the chagrin of Hermione, who had taken herself off the case due to an obvious conflict of interest, Rose was their prime suspect until they had proof of her innocence. The new Ministry appointed lead showed up fifteen minutes after Hermione recused herself and things went from bad to worse. Gregory Caldwell was an older wizard; an arrogant upstart with obvious political aspiration and he saw this case as his chance. All he needed was someone to blame, and decided Rose Weasley – the daughter of war heroes – would do just perfectly. He had her wand tested, but when it showed that the last thing she'd done was send off a Patronus message, he had brushed it off as inconclusive. "She could have easily done that after she attacked poor Mr. Pembroke." "Are you mad?" Hermione had snapped, not bothering to keep her voice low. Everyone kept busy, but Scorpius knew they all were eavesdropping. "Next you'll hypothesise that Rose used the Cruciatus Curse on herself, broke her own wrist, gave herself a concussion, twisted her own ankle, and then Stunned herself to cover her tracks. Look at the evidence, Mr. Caldwell, and stop looking for a scapegoat. Do your job so this doesn't happen to anyone else. The scorch marks on the walls point to a third person; a person you should be locking down the hospital to find." "I understand this has been a stressful night. You are a concerned parent—" "Rose is in capable hands. I'm more concerned about the integrity of this investigation." "With all due respect, ma'am, this isn't your case anymore and—" "But I am still your superior," she shot back coolly. "Remember that." When Hermione emerged from the room, practically crackling with righteous fury, two Aurors – Dagworth and Williams – approached her. They seemed eager to speak with her in private and she led them both further down the hall and out of earshot. They took turns talking, while Hermione listened and responded accordingly. She seemed to give them instructions that they were eager to carry out, and left quickly. Before Scorpius had a chance to question, Auror Sheppley called him over to get his statement. Which went about as well as he had expected. Sheppley had finished with Scorpius just as Henrietta and Stretton – a Mediwitch who had been in Rose's house at Hogwarts – finished assessing Rose, administering what few potions they could in her unconscious state, and prepared her for transport to the trauma ward. Caldwell came out of the Pembroke's room and told Henrietta to wake Rose so she could be questioned; a request that upset Hermione so badly she vibrated with rage. "It's against protocol for cases when an Unforgivable has been used," Stretton explained. Cauldwell ignored her. "What is hospital policy about a—" A nearby Auror cleared his throat to stop him from saying the word murderer in front of people who weren't privy to that just yet. Scorpius wasn't sure it mattered. No one was stupid enough to believe that 'undetermined death' nonsense anymore. Not after this. "This is important to an ongoing investigation," Caldwell had said. "I trust you understand that." "We both understand, but the needs of one don't control the protocol that has helped many." Henrietta had said thinly. Scorpius covered his smirk with a cough. Sheppley shot him a suspicious look. "I'm sure your superiors would say otherwise." And they likely would. Henrietta had known that; her exhale told Scorpius as much. "I'm still not going to do something that will likely have a negative effect on my patient's health. I believe the Muggles call it, 'Do no harm.' However, to compromise, I'll give her a Revive Potion instead." She was looking at Rose's mother when she said, "It'll be easier on her body." Hermione consented with a nod. Not that it mattered. Rose didn't wake. Not when Healers documented and tended to her injuries. Not when they cleaned her up and admitted her to the hospital. Not even when her dad burst into her room, followed by Harry and Ginny Potter, swearing hotly about how they'd posted Aurors outside her room as if she were a common criminal. She slept through daybreak and breakfast provided by Albus; throughout Lily's oddly quiet visit and her grandmother fretting over the state of her hair. But most importantly, Rose slept during each of Caldwell's inspections. After Caldwell's third, Scorpius had stretched out on the cot at the suggestion of Ginny after finishing his third cup of tea… and woke up to a dark hospital room. It was silent, too, save Al snoring away on his makeshift bed of chairs by the window and the choked sob coming from across the room. He sat up, scrubbing a hand over his face and turning to the source of the sound. Rose. Swallowing thickly, Scorpius threw the blanket off, eyes still on his best friend. She was sitting up, knees pulled tightly to her chest, forehead slumped forward, hair everywhere. Her shoulders shook as she rocked back and forth, crying softly. Scorpius got up as quietly as he could to avoid waking Al or startling Rose, grabbed the blanket, and padded across the room to her side. "Rose?" he called her name because he didn't know what else to say. No response. He sat on her bed, letting his feet dangle over the edge. Scorpius didn't know how long he remained just out of reach, how long he didn't move, or how long he listened to her. The longer the silence between them stretched, the more Rose's sobs disturbed him. He wanted to leave her in peace, but couldn't. Scorpius raked a hand through his undoubtedly riotous hair, frustration welling in his chest. He wasn't good with words – especially comforting ones. The need had never presented itself. Rose was rarely in need of consoling. He could think of a handful of times when he'd seen her truly upset. She handled her problems in two ways: in private or not at all. And she wasn't much of a crier either, preferring Hexes and fists to tears. So whatever had happened from the time he had fallen asleep to now, it wasn't anything frivolous and…well, she needed him. Or someone. So he swallowed his discomfort and murmured her name again. That time, he got a reaction. "You shouldn't be here." Her voice sounded raw and strained. "Where else would I be?" Rose lifted her head, hair framing her blotchy and wet face. She tugged on the sleeve of her gown, looking away and down, blinking rapidly. He reached for the box of tissue on her bedside table, offering her one. She took it and loudly blew her nose, dabbing her eyes. Scorpius took it back and tossed it in the general direction of the rubbish. It missed. "And that's why I was never a Beater," he joked lamely. She didn't so much as crack a smile. They listened to Al's snoring for what felt like ages before she ran her hand through her hair and told him, "You don't have to sit here with me." "I'd be a terrible best friend if I didn't." Scorpius placed the box of tissue on her bed. "Besides I want to." "I'm in so much trouble I can't see a way out," Rose whispered, voice devoid of everything except bone-deep exhaustion. "We'll figure it out, trust me." She looked him in the eye. "How can I when I don't even trust myself?" Those were words that had never come out of Rose Weasley's mouth before, and worse, she believed them. "There's something wrong with me. My mind…" she rubbed her temples a little too hard for his comfort, but stopped before he could say anything. "You have a concussion." "This is different." "You don't have to tell me—" "That's the thing." Rose cut him off. "I want to. I want to tell you everything, but I want to tell everyone, too, and that's not right. That's not me, but the urge is…" Rose trailed off, scrunching her face as if she were trying to remember something. "Overwhelming and wrong. It's – I've – I don't know what's real anymore…" She stopped again and stared at a spot on the wall for so long Scorpius touched her arm to bring her back. Rose jolted like she'd grabbed live wire, nearly smacking him with a flailing hand. "Sorry," she murmured as she folded her arms over her knees. "It's fine." "No, it isn't, is it?" She squeezed her knees as if they were some kind of anchor. The question was obviously rhetorical because she didn't wait for an answer. "When I was Stunned, I could hear everything. They think I hurt those patients, don't they?" she asked, voice small and brittle. "But you didn't, and when Caldwell comes back in, you can tell him just that." Rose looked away, chest heaving as she fought back sobs. "I—" She choked out, wiping her face with the sleeve of her hospital gown and bit down on her lip. Rose tried to speak again, but Al stirred slightly and she ended up smothering another sob into her tightly balled fist so she wouldn't wake him. He couldn't take it anymore. Scorpius didn't know why he did it, but he reached over and tucked Rose's hair behind her ear. She didn't jump. Not when he rubbed a tear away with his thumb and covered her fist with his own. He wanted to say something, but his mind was blank. "What if I remember something else?" she murmured thickly moments later. "Something I know deep down to be impossible." "Then don't believe it." She chuckled humourlessly. "That simple, huh?" "It can be." "But," Rose started. "What if I can't help but to believe it?" Scorpius opened his mouth when her tone took on a hysterical edge, but she stopped him. "Wait. I just – I see flashes of myself doing…things. Horrible things. Nothing complete, just fragments, like the preview of a film. And I know – I know it's not me, the hands I see don't look like mine, but the memories are so real. I can feel the weight of it in my hand and smell the blood and even though I know they aren't real, I believe in these memories like I believe in gravity." "Rose," he said her name as gently as he could. "What are you doing in these memories?" "I'm killing them." Tears rolled down her cheeks and he squeezed her trembling fist so she wouldn't wander off. "All the p-people who have died so far. It's me, I see myself, every time, and it hurts. My head feels like—" Rose ground her teeth together and squeezed her eyes shut so tight it looked painful, but tears kept slipping out. She was so tense that he could see the veins in the side of her neck. "It's too much. The pressure. The memories. I see their faces in my head, I see them dying, and I want to stop, but I don't know what I'm doing, how I'm doing it. I can't see. I just see them die. And all—" Her voice caught in her throat. "I believe is that I'm doing them a favour. What kind of twisted shit is that?" "Try to relax," he said in lieu of a real response, because really, what could he possibly say? "It's wrong." Rose finally opened her eyes, looking everywhere except at him. "It's all wrong and I don't know why I believe it. I have actual memories that overlap with these. Like yesterday. I remember you, Al, and James coming to my flat after six to bully me into going to the rave, but I also remember sneaking into a woman's room at the same time and—" She stopped, exhaling harshly. "I know the first is real, I know it is, but I can't help but believe the second." Still at a loss for words, Scorpius wrapped her up in the blanket and hugged her, staring at the wall behind them without seeing. That was simple. That he could do. That he could handle. Everything else was too much; too big and terrifying. Scorpius closed his eyes and held on as tight as he could manage with her knees in the way. And they stayed like that. Rose tucked her forehead into the crook of his neck, breathing roughly and trembling like a frightened child. He knew it was the perfect time to say something, anything, to take her mind off the war zone in her head, but the right words wouldn't come. So he started talking. Not about anything, really. He just retold old stories, some Rose already knew and some she didn't. He talked about the kid who called him a Death Eater at six, the time James' owl decided to terrorise Al and Scorpius found hiding under his bed with his old Beater's bat, what happened to Lily at the rave, the boring particulars about his father's small investment firm, and his grandparents Valentine's day ball in a few days that he'd told a few convincing lies to avoid because he knew they would try to throw him into the clutches of yet another witch from a prominent family. Scorpius talked until his throat grew raw, his leg cramped, and Al stopped snoring, and didn't stop until Rose stilled and her breathing evened. Only then, when it was silent, could he start piecing together their conversation and mentally recalling everything he knew about the only thing that could have Rose thinking she was a killer: Memory Charms. Scorpius couldn't remember much, unfortunately. He would need to do some research and perhaps talk to Hermione, who had more experience with them. Most of his was theoretical, at best. He knew Memory Charms were a bit more complex than many realised, which made them easier to botch-up. Muggles and the unconscious were the easiest targets, while moving wizards were the hardest. He knew that the more specific the targeted memories were, the harder they were to remove, and that there were certain variables to account for when trying to completely erase memories. It had a lot to do with the strength of the person's mind, their emotional connection to the targeted memories, not to mention, their age and several more factors Scorpius couldn't recollect. Inserting memories were even harder. It took time. A lot of it because memories were tricky things. And he had a hunch that whoever had done this to Rose hadn't accounted for too much of anything, which was probably why their charm had only partly worked. Rose started to uncurl like a fern, straightening and turning and shifting until her back was pressed against his chest. She rubbed her head from time to time and winced in pain, but mostly, she rested against him with her eyes shut. Scorpius just held her and held on for her because he couldn't do anything else right then. He thought she had fallen back asleep until she said, "Thanks for staying, even though I was a blubbering wreck." "Don't thank me, I—do you feel better?" "Not one bit, but I'm not as scared or as out of control as I was when I woke up." Rose confessed. "What do you think happened to me?" "I don't know exactly, but I do know you had nothing to do with any of this." Her hands clenched in her lap and Scorpius couldn't tell if she was frustrated or in pain. "I don't truly remember anything I left Healer Brown's office. "How do you—" Scorpius never let her finish. "I know because I know you. Better than I know myself. You may not trust yourself right now, but do you trust me?" Rose's nod was jerky, but it enough for him. "Good, because I have a theory. I think you saw something you shouldn't have and someone tried – and partially failed – to put a powerful Memory Charm on you so you wouldn't tell. It explains the overlap of memories and why the false ones are choppy and strange. It probably explain at least some of the pain, too. I'm not sure, but someone wanted you to believe you were killing patients. I don't know why the charm didn't work, maybe you fought it while you were unconscious or maybe you're just too damn stubborn to let anyone compel you to believe in something you know to be false." Rose let out an emotionless chuckle and fell silent for a moment. "We can reverse it, right? I don't think I can live like this. The headaches alone are—" "Probably exacerbated by the concussion, but we'll talk to your family when they return. I know a few Healers who specialise in reversing Memory Charms, and the Manor's library has several shelves of books dedicated to them. We'll find an answer." She nodded a bit more confidently and he was oddly relieved. "How did you and mum find me?" "You sent a Patronus. One of the Aurors thinks you sent it by accident, which makes a lot of sense. It was badly damaged and the message was…" he trailed off. "What was it?" "It was of you screaming, I think. And then it exploded." Rose stilled. "If none of this had happened, I would think that was so awesome. Now I just want to know what happened to me." "Before we can do that, you have to—" "Lie my bloody face off to clear my name with Caldwell? That's his name, right?" "Yes, and I'll help." "Me too," a third voice piped in. Scorpius wasn't sure who was startled more, him or Rose, who had actually shouted, "Son of a—" They both jerked their heads to Al, who was lying awake on his chairs, smiling sheepishly. "So what's the plan?" Scorpius hit him in the face with a pillow and Rose just laughed and laughed. His relief was palpable. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: LONG CHAPTER IS LONG. From here on out, it seems. Besides, I had to do just this with this chapter so it can set up some things. Like Meeting Draco for the first time, which happens in chapter 7. Pretty stoked to write him as Older!Snarky!But Wiser!Draco. Anywho. Pretty sure the "His head was full of broken thoughts that he couldn't repair" line came from a Nine Inch Nails song. Hurt, maybe. Didn't realize it until my first re-read, but it was so perfect that I left it alone. I'm just a bit under halfway through chapter 7, which tackles Post-attack Rose, and it's weird not writing her all sarcastic and such, I must say, but I don't think she can fully be her old self after what happened and with what's going on in her head at the moment. Which explains her shift in behavior when she woke up. It's kind of a mess. Poor thing. Btw: my Scorpius is ridiculously awkward when it comes to feelings, if you hadn't figured it out. Lol. That is foreshadowing. Lots of foreshadowing. And I thought I should explain the Weasley-Malfoy family dynamic a bit in this. Because that plays out a lot in the coming chapters. Here's to hoping it doesn't take forever. Love you guys, thanks for being patient. Life is...life. Now I must dash. Ta! -inadaze22
I can't get these memories out of my mind And some kind of madness has started to evolve Madness - Muse Chapter Seven – Angel of Mercy "…everything you remember." Rose raised her eyes to her mum, over to her dad, and up to Al, who was egging her with his eyes to start telling the story they'd crafted in a pinch. Okay, five minutes. She looked at Scorpius, who was very much not on board with the lie they'd cooked up and thought they should tell her parents the truth, but was still supportively sitting at her bedside, absently holding her hand. Rose looked down at their entwined fingers and sighed. He had a point. It was a pretty stupid lie. And Rose, as a rule, didn't lie. Not completely, at least. She had spent most of her life thus far straddling the fence between dishonesty and truth, never bothering to swing the other leg over either way. Slytherin taught her not to commit to either. Being honest, in some cases, was simply not an option. Full stop. The entire truth was a messy, ugly, overrated thing. Outright lying was…well, it was simply not on. Rose could lie better than most – having a mother who could sniff out a lie like a hound had honed her skills. But the problem with lies was that they never went away; never stopped being lies, no matters how many truths were piled on top. And while Rose didn't have too many qualms about anything, she had inherited her mother's conscience. Unfortunately, deception was the currency of the world, after all, so Rose decided her best bet for a minimal-guilt survival was to become economical with the truth. Yes, economical. Everything was an elaborate game of Two Truths and a Near Lie. Truth: Her brain was dying. She wasn't being dramatic. Her brain was being sliced open and squeezed like a lemon by some sort of invisible, lemonade-craving giant. Or something. Her metaphors couldn't work in such conditions, okay? Truth: She had heard everyone talking, and out of everything, her mother whispering her name anxiously and Scorpius' stoic-ness were two things she could live forever without experiencing again, thank you. Economical Truth: She didn't remember anything. Her memories were like one of Nanna Granger's three-thousand piece puzzles, but more than half the pieces were missing, damaged, binned, and/or mixed in with another puzzle. Even if she could pick the real memories from the false ones, the few she had identified as real didn't make sense. When she had first woke up – when she was at her barmiest and her entire universe was collapsing around her ears – Rose had shut her eyes again and saw three things: flashes of light under a door, the number ten, and something else that was just so nonsensical she didn't dare tell Scorpius or Al because they would have locked her up for sure. Glowing red daggers weren't a sign of sanity, not even in the magical world. And yet, it was everywhere; glowing malevolently in every fake memory and the one memory that didn't feel like any other. It was in her hand, heavy in her right and stabbing into flesh in her left. She could hear words in a language she couldn't understand, in a voice she didn't recognise. A chant. Rose could feel the raw power in it. The wrongness and darkness. She saw the dagger pushing into their chests; watched the wounds knit up as if nothing had happened as the blade faded to a normal colour. It was impossible, but so real to her; so much so that she had to cling to the fact that she was right-handed, that her voice wasn't that low or calm, that she wasn't a bloody killer. But sometimes knowing all of that wasn't enough. Not when she closed her eyes and saw blood coating her hands and the life fading out of shocked blue eyes. She was never going to sleep again, not without Dreamless Draught. Which was a pity. Sleeping had been her favourite pastime. Well. After gorging on the telly, of course. "No matter what you say, I'll believe you. We all will." Her mum said gently, tucking a bit of wild hair behind her ear like she did when Rose was a child. The growing lump in her throat made it hard to swallow and her eyes felt gritty, itchy. Frustration came with the tears that she unsuccessfully tried to blink away. Her dad thumbed it away and Scorpius gave her hand a comforting squeeze. "There's nothing we won't do to keep you safe. You know that, Rosie." Her dad said, rubbed away another runaway tear. Rose nodded, blinking rapidly and refusing to cry. Again. Gods. Emotions sucked. She hated crying almost as much as she hated feeling like this: helplessness, afraid, raw, and overwhelmed. It had been a battle to keep the truth to herself. She didn't know how she'd made it through the first time without spilling everything. Every time she opened her mouth, the entire truth threatened to tumble out. It was exhausting. Rose could sleep for days – would, too, with all the Dreamless Draught in the country, the moment she got out of here. If they didn't haul her off to Azkaban first. Al fidgeted, looking subdued. "Forget it, Rose. Just tell them what you told us." "I didn't tell you everything." She choked out. "Rosie?" Dad looked more concerned than he did the time she had to re-grow all the bones in her leg after an incident during Auror training. He rested his hand on her free one. She sucked in a breath and closed her eyes. And told them everything. Yes, everything. Everything she had told Al and Scorpius and more. So much more. She told them about the glowing dagger and words that had no meaning, but had been burned into her memory. She told them about the voice and what she'd seen in the fake memories. The feelings of justification for the killings. The smell of blood. The stabbing and the skin healing itself. The fact that she felt compelled to tell, even when she didn't want to. She was honest about the pain and the sensation that her mind was being torn apart. And the truth that if Scorpius hadn't been there, if he hadn't woken when he had, she would've gone completely mad with guilt and fear. And when she stopped, Rose nearly sobbed from the sheer relief she felt. The pain was still there, but the urge to speak was gone. She was so wrapped up in the freedom she felt that she didn't realise how quiet it was. Rose opened one eye carefully. Everyone wore varying degrees of—oh shit. Was it too late to take it all back? "Mum, dad, I'm—" "No," her mum interrupted. "I know what you're going to say, but I'm glad you told us. It's just—" "Bloody hell." Her dad blurted, looking woefully out of his element. "I'm barely out of the Auror Academy," Al breathed, looking dazed and overwhelmed. "I'm beyond not qualified." He stepped back. "I'll find my mum. Wait, my dad. And Fire call Bill. And grab my dad's invisibility cloak. And…and everyone. I'll gather the troops. I'll—" Mum stopped him. "Ron, go with him." When her dad started protesting, she just pointed to her nephew. "Al's about to have kittens—" "Manly kittens!" They all stared at Al until her mum finally said, "There was a time when you were the normal one. I don't know what happened." "Life," he answered, matter-of-fact. "And probably the fact that I'm a middle child." Mum and dad blinked at him. Scorpius snorted, but Rose thought his answer was pretty accurate. "If you needed another reason to take him with you, I think you've got it." Dad snorted and stood, pressing his lips against her temple for a moment before leaving with Al. Rose glanced at Scorpius, who looked thoughtful. She opened her mouth to say something – she didn't know what – when he asked, "Do you think you could draw it?" What? "That's brilliant, Scorpius!" "I'm so lost right now." Rose frowned. "The dagger, Rose. Could you draw it?" Her eyebrow shot up. "Um. Hugo got the artistic gene from Merlin knows where. It's all stick figures and embarrassingly lopsided circles with me. Roxanne draws better than me, which is saying something because she once drew a picture of me that looked like one of the flying monkeys from The Wizard of Oz. It was green and everything. Uncle George said it was a masterpiece because he's not funny, at all." When Scorpius smothered his laugh with a cough, Rose glared, but it lacked its usual heat. She could feel the headache building. Bugger. Mum just rolled her eyes. "Think you could describe it to him?" "It's hard to forget, so yes." She reached over and snatched a pain potion from her bedside table, swallowing it down in two gulps. The result was instantaneous. Her mother's frown deepened. "You're only allowed three every six hours. That's your second one in the half an hour I've been in here. You should try those meditation exercises we talked about before. It'll help with the pain." "But potions are easier." And meditation required that she close her eyes and that was simply not an option. "And when the potions run out?" "One of you could always just stun me again." Scorpius made a disapproving noise to match the one on her mother's face. "Too soon?" Her mother scoffed. "Normally, we would usually have words about how bad it is to use your humour as a defence mechanism, but," a smile formed on her face. "I have had the night and morning from hell and I actually find it comforting." "That I lost my mind, but not my humour?" "You didn't lose it, Rose." Scorpius needlessly reminded her. "Someone tried to Charm your memories to cover their tracks." She looked at her mum. "Can we fix it? I'd like to go back to the days when I didn't think I was a vigilante killer." Because that was always at the back of her mind, no matter how much she pretended otherwise. "It's already on the mental list." Her mother tapped her head. "Right under getting Hugo to sketch that dagger and keeping you out of Azkaban." "Nice to know where my mental health stands with you," she half-joked. "You seem to be coping better now." "Because you all are tethering me to reality." She tilted her head at her and Scorpius' entwined hands. "Literally, in some cases." "We're not going anywhere, Rose, but we have problems to sort out. Besides, I think I know someone who could reverse a Memory Charm like that and keep it completely off the record. You happen to be her daughter." Rose straightened. "So what are we waiting for? Operation: Fix Me Before I End Up in Here Permanently needs to commence." "You capitalised that." Scorpius intoned dryly. "Of course I did. For reasons—" "Important ones, I'm sure," Mum interrupted. "I would reverse the Charm right now, but the problem is that you're likely to forget all the fake memories rapidly." Rose blinked. "I'm not seeing the problem yet." "She needs a sketch of that dagger." Scorpius reminded her. Her mother nodded and rubbed Rose's leg when she just sighed. "Like it or not, your brain – however wonky you think it is – is the missing link that explains a lot of things about the murders. I may not be part of the investigation, but I still plan to finish what I started, in a more unofficial capacity. Which is how this whole investigation started, to be honest. The first thing we need to find out everything about that dagger in order to have a hope of figuring out who is killing patients and stop them." Rose frowned. "And the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few…of the one." "I'm ignoring the fact that you're quoting Star Trek because it's not that black and white for me. You're my daughter and your needs come first to me. No matter what. It's really up to you, Rose. I can reverse it right now, if that's you want. We know enough to start from somewhere." Scorpius shifted in his seat, squeezing her hand a little. "The Restricted Section at Hogwarts and the libraries at the Manor have plenty books about magical weapons. I could always start at the Manor later on, even if that means having to attend that my grandparents' Valentine's Day gala. My dad would help us, too." "And we could go to Hogwarts next weekend to look there," her mum decided. "So whatever you decide will be fine." Honestly, Rose wanted answers…almost as much as the Ministry. Or her mother. And it wasn't because of her obvious personal reasons or because she wanted to work in a murder-free zone. Both were motivating enough, but when it came down making her choice, all Rose could think was: what if they did this to someone else? And what if the next person didn't have anyone to keep them grounded in reality? "Rose?" She thought of someone else waking up to the memories of the blood on their hands and empty eyes staring at them in shock; the obsession and the overwhelming high that came with taking a life. The first time it was terrifying, but she'd pushed it back to—wait. No. That wasn't real. That wasn't her. Focus. "Snap out of it." She thought of someone else remembering the dagger and the disgusting feeling that they were saving the victim from a life of pain and misery; where everyone took one look at them and judged them with one breath while pitying them with the next. "Breathe, Rose." No one deserved that. "It's not real. None of it is real. Remember." Rose would love to go back to her normal life because being in the eye of a hurricane was overrated as hell. But how could she go back? Even if Mum scrubbed the memories from her head, it didn't change the fact that everything was different now. It didn't change what had happened. Or what could— "Oww!" She yanked her throbbing hand out of his, cradling it against her chest like a newborn kitten. "Merlin – bloody Christ – Oww! Son of a—what the absolute hell was that, Scorpius!" He didn't look the least bit apologetic, the wanker. She was so going to sic Lily on him. "You left the room," her mum told her, looking worried. "I'm right here, oh my—" "You were in some sort of trance," Scorpius said, a bit flustered. "You were talking." Her mother looked at him, then back at Rose. "I said your name like twenty times and tried to remind you that nothing you were seeing and saying were real, but you kept talking about—" "I didn't say a thing." "Yes, you did. You said a lot. Mainly about how you were killing people to save them." Rose froze, eyes widening. "Oh." "Oh would be correct." Mum patted her knee, trying not to look worried, but failing miserably. "Scorpius thought pain would snap you out of it. It worked." "Obviously." She glanced over at her best friend. "Sorry I called you a wanker and threatened to sic Lily on you like a rabid dog." He looked confused. "But you didn't…" Then he glared, "You thought it." "You assaulted my hand! I think 'wanker' was nice in that particular situation. The Lily thing, however…it was rude of me to remind you how much she wants to—" Scorpius made an undignified squawking noise. She used that moment to look at her thoroughly unamused mother and smile brightly. "Defence mechanism, remember?" Mum obviously knew how to pick her battles because she just rolled her eyes. "Speaking of defence, they always say a good one is the best offence so we should get Hugo here, sooner rather than later." Scorpius stopped glaring at her. "So you'll do it?" "I want to help." She told them both. "And if that means staying nutters for a bit longer, I'll do it. Just." Rose frowned, feeling oddly vulnerable all of a sudden. Which was the worst. "Just don't let them take me to Azkaban, okay? I'm not made for prison life. I have a new sofa to think about. And all my shows on the telly. Not to mention the ice-cream in the freezer that I just bought. It needs me." There was so much eye-rolling that Rose was sure one of them would pull an ocular muscle. Rude. "I won't," Mum reassured. "Or rather, you won't give him a reason to take you." Rose blinked. "I'm afraid I don't follow." "I've had a few hours to come up with several contingency plans. I think Plan F will be the most effective, but it'll involve some work on your part." "Still not following." "You're going to lie," she told her daughter bluntly. Rose just stared at her. "I couldn't even lie to you and you didn't even have to turn on The Face." "I'm going to ignore that bit because we have Caldwell to get rid of." Which, well, she had a point. "What you're going to tell him is much better than that half-baked story I hope to never hear in my lifetime." "It wasn't that bad." "Yes, it was." Scorpius butted in. She made a face. "You couldn't even begin telling it," Mum pointed out. "I was emotional. Dad was giving me the worried eyes and Al was all remorseful about a lie I hadn't even begun telling. I just experienced trauma. Real trauma! I can't be judged for my actions or tears. Normally, I'm a wonderful liar as long as I have great material to work with." "That's so reassuring," her mother intoned dryly. "Luckily for you, I prepared that 'better material' you just mentioned." Mum reached down and pulled out a thick bunch of parchment from her bag. Rose took the offered parchments and whistled lowly. "I wasn't sure if you would remember, so I had two Aurors copy the notes from the evidence collected in the room they found you in." "Pretty certain that's illegal." "You're talking to someone who kept Rita Skeeter in a jar until it suited me to let her go." Mum pointed out, flashing a rather scary smile. "Between this and what Scorpius undoubtedly told you, it should be enough." She pointed at the parchment. "I highlighted the important parts." Scorpius just gaped, but her mum just stared back, perplexed, like she didn't understand his surprise. Rose wasn't the least bit shocked. Not about that, at least. Her mother was forever three steps ahead of everyone. Rose fingered the edge of the parchment, eyes skimming over the part of the report that talked about the scorch marks on the walls while her mum continued talking. "I sent your dad away with the hope that Caldwell will come while he's gone. Your dad's worried and his temper will keep him in here longer than he needs to be and I want him to come in, get your statement, clear you, and leave as quickly as possible." Again, the level of preparedness wasn't much of a shock. The surprising thing to Rose was their unshakable faith in her. They all believed in her when she didn't really believe in herself. They trusted her. Her mum was breaking all sorts of laws to protect her and hadn't even contemplated it for a second. And Scorpius – the stickler that he was – hadn't complained about being an accessory to actual crimes. It was blowing her mind. Seriously. And while Rose wasn't one for expressing deep emotions – or knowing how to deal with them – she couldn't help but feel overwhelmingly appreciative for them. For everyone, really. And she didn't want to let any of them down. So she read everything while her mum brushed her hair and Scorpius peeked out the door. Rose asked questions, made mental notes, and pieced together the events from the incident. And then they created a much better story based on the evidence found. And for a solid ten minutes, she rehearsed while Scorpius filled in holes and Mum played Devil's Advocate. Rose took a break to test out her legs by stretching at her bedside and taking a few shaky steps towards the door with her mum right behind her, making sure she didn't break her face on the floor. There was a knock on the door. They all froze. It hadn't taken a genius to figure out that Caldwell wanted so badly for her to be guilty. He wanted to get right on with the interrogation, but Henrietta came strolling in to check on her. Impeccable timing, really. She had loads of questions that Rose didn't mind answering because it gave her time to settle after they'd spent half a minute rushing to shove the highly illegal parchments into her mum's bag, swallowing another pain potion to clear away the beginnings of a headache, and getting her back into bed. Caldwell waited off in the corner, glaring at Rose as if she were responsible for all the evil in the world. Which was just ridiculous. Innocent until proven guilty was a foreign concept to him. Henrietta eyed the empty vials on her bedside table before cocking a brow at her. "How is your pain?" "I had a headache. Several of them." "So I see." She checked her bruises and healed injuries Rose had no recollection of getting. "Since you were unconscious for a few hours, I'm going to suggest to you what I suggest to anyone who's had a concussion. Rest. No physical or mental exertion, at least for the next day or so. If you go to sleep, someone needs to wake you every few hours to make sure you wake normally." "Wait. So that means my telly marathon—" "Postponed. For the next day, at least." Rose sighed, but nodded. "Have you tried walking?" Rose nodded, but Henrietta had always been a sadist in one form or another. She made her try again now that she was here to watch. It was about as successful as it had been the first time, only worse because she'd nearly taken out Scorpius when she stumbled backwards into him. He ended up having to carry her back to bed because she was too tired to make it back herself, which was just shy of humiliating. "Why can't she walk?" her mother asked. "She can walk. We fixed all her pulled muscles and her fractured ankle, but her balance is likely shot from the concussion and the sheer amount of potions she's on. You should be back to normal in a few more hours. I suggest regular exercise for the next six weeks – starting in two days – to properly rehab your ankle." "Lily will just love that." Rose rolled her eyes. Scorpius and her mother snorted. Henrietta even smirked as she checked Rose's wrist, making her bend and flex it, make circles, and wiggle her fingers. "Is there any pain?" "It's a bit sore, but manageable." "That's good to hear." Henrietta looked at Rose's chart and made a few notations with her quill. "Well, overall, you look much better than you did when we first found you. Are you hungry?" "Starved." "I'll have a Medi-witch send you up some breakfast. I think there's bacon." "I take back every bad thing I've ever said about you." She paused. "When can I go home?" "Ideally, you would stay overnight for observation, but I'm positive that if I release you into your family's care, they'll keep an eye on you." "We will." Her mum assured quickly. "Then I see no reason to keep you any longer. Mr Caldwell, I'm all finished now." Well, there was no time like the present. "I'd like to talk to you alone." Caldwell shot her mother a look. Henrietta cleared her throat. "She's been through a serious trauma and, as her Healer, I'd like to stay and make sure—" "Fine, fine." He waved her off, impatiently. Her mother and Scorpius rose from their chairs without argument. "We'll be just outside, Rose." Rose nodded and watched them go. The door clicked shut and Caldwell's smile staled. "So Miss Weasley, we meet at last." She blinked. "That doesn't sound creepy at all." Henrietta smothered her chuckle. "I don't think this is a laughing matter," he chided. "Oh, believe me, I know it isn't. But for the sake of my sanity, let's say we cut the dramatics and I'll tell you everything I remember? Fair?" In the end, it all was anti-climatic. She told Caldwell everything she'd rehearsed with her mum and then he tried to pick holes in her perfectly constructed story. Tried and failed. Then he resorted to trying to scare her into confessing. Which was just idiotic. His intimidation tactics were so awful they were sort of funny. More than once Rose found herself covering her laughter with coughs or sips of water. And more than that, she found herself shooting Henrietta expressive looks because she was trying to figure out when her life became a two-star cop movie. Unfortunately, Henrietta was too busy staring blankly at Rose's file to provide any answers or entertainment. Pity, really. It wasn't until he lost his composure and started outright telling her that she'd killed all those people that Henrietta's head snapped up. Rose was too busy staring dispassionately at Caldwell, who looked moments from having a stroke, to see her old classmate move from her chair. The highlight of the entire interview was watching as Henrietta berated his unprofessional attitude and told him to leave if he didn't have any further evidence of her guilt or questions for her to answer. They went tit for tat for a solid five minutes before Caldwell told Rose that if he so much as got a sniff of evidence implicating her that he would be back. Then he told her not to leave the country and left, slamming the door behind him. How rude. No matter. Henrietta maintained her defensive stance, taking heaving breaths and clenching and unclenching her fists, after the door shut. She was completely red in the face and she practically radiated with anger and something else Rose couldn't identify. Oh well. Henrietta had always been an enigma to her. Rose managed to stay silent for a full minute – just to be sure he wasn't coming back – before she exhaled loud and long. "Bloody hell! I could murder an entire pig right now." Henrietta whipped her head around, looking completely unhinged and murderous. "I know—" "I don't give a damn about that!" Henrietta exploded, which stunned Rose to silence. Well, not for long. "Um?" "You lied! You lied to him! For Merlin's sake, Rose! You just lied to the Ministry!" Oh, hell. Rose's appetite vanished as her stomach crashed somewhere in the region of her knees. As Henrietta raged on, Rose just blinked wildly, panicking and trying to figure out what the hell had happened and how she'd figured it out. Rose had been perfect, telling the created story as if it were her own. Hell, she'd half believed it, too, and everyone knew that a good liar believed their own story. Where had she gone wrong? "Well?" the Healer snapped. "Don't you have something to say?" Rose tried to tame her racing heart and answer her seriously, but she fell back on her default: sarcasm. "Mind yelling that a bit louder, I'm sure the wizards in Argentina haven't heard you yet." And bad sarcasm, at that. Henrietta just balked before making a noise that sounded more dragonish than Rose was comfortable with. She scooted further up the bed as Henrietta advanced like a lioness protecting her cub. Or staring in the face of dinner. Whichever. Oh gods, she was going to die. Henrietta was going to sever her limbs and bury them at sea in separate boxes. And probably before she got to eat any delicious bacon. "Are you serious? Gods, you just lied about a Ministry investigation that you were the prime suspect in and you want to have a bloody joke and laugh about it? Well ha bloody ha! You are so bloody funny! Let's see what jokes you'll come up with after I go out there and tell him everything!" Rose opened her mouth to talk, but shut it again because Henrietta started hyperventilating and clutching her chest. "Um." "Oh gods," she panted, looking positively mad. "I should've told him the moment I figured it out. I let him walk out of here and now I'll be an accessory to murder, Rose, and it's your fault!" "You should probably breathe." "No! I can't breathe because I am going to Azkaban, Rose! I'll never get promoted to Head Healer and I'll never become a hospital administrator! Because of you, I'll never step out of my perfect sister's shadow. She just got promoted, did you know that? She's now the department chair of Asian Languages at Oxford and she and her husband just had a baby!" "Congratulations on being an aunt?" She was ignored. "How can I possibly compete with that?" Henrietta ranted. "I'm the only witch in my family and that lost its novelty in Second Year, I'm still horrifically single, I make no money, I live alone with two cats, and my mum can't even brag about me because of the Statue of sodding Secrecy!" Henrietta looked sick. "Oh gods, my mum! She's going to cry when they ship me off to Azkaban because I'll never marry a wizard and give her magical grandchildren!" Her priorities were obviously out of order, but Rose wasn't about to tell her that because she valued her life. "Erm. I—" If looks could kill… "What could you possibly have to say to me?" Rose chose her words carefully, but in the end, it didn't matter. Scorpius chose that moment to open the door, bearing a plate of food. He froze immediately when Rose started wildly gesturing for him to escape while he could. "Everything all right?" he asked carefully, coming in further and shutting the door behind him. "No everything is not fine! Did you know that Rose lied to Caldwell?" Henrietta immediately scoffed. "Of course you know. You probably helped her." Scorpius blanched, but didn't deny it. "How did you figure it out?" If possible, Henrietta looked even more betrayed. "You're in on it?" "Yes, but I need to explain. But first, how did you know?" "Rose has a tell." That was news to her. "I do?" "Yes, you do," Henrietta answered, tone venomous. "And no, I won't tell you what it is." Bugger. Scorpius set the food down on the tray near the door, looking more calculating than Rose had ever seen him. When he spoke to his friend, he kept his stance open and arms at his side. It practically begged for her to listen. Rose wished him all the luck. Maybe he could distract Henrietta long enough for her to make a run for the food. Priorities. "Well, Scorpius, are you going to explain why I shouldn't go find Caldwell and tell him what I know?" "You're not going to tell him anything." "And how do you know that?" "Because you know Rose didn't kill anyone. She didn't set foot in St. Mungo's until after the third death, she was at dinner with her parents at the time of two of the deaths, and I was standing in her sitting room when Ms. Shingleton was dying. You saw her injuries. She didn't do any of this." Everything was tense and quiet for what felt like forever before Henrietta spoke again. "Then why lie?" She asked, sounding far more like the overly-rational, fun-killer Rose knew. "It's complicated," she replied cagily. "Explain." And Rose did, but only after an encouraging look from Scorpius. When she finished, Henrietta wobbled to the chair and collapsed in it, looking five years older. "So that's why I lied," Rose finished lamely. Henrietta looked as if she were still processing when she asked, "Do you know what could happen if any of this got out?" Her eyes locked on Scorpius. "This could ruin you. Everything you've worked for. Gone." "I'm aware." "And she's worth it?" "Yes." No hesitation. She said nothing. Then, "You're an idiot." "Rose is my best friend—" "And you're mine!" She yelled. "I know you don't—gods," Henrietta chuckled dryly. "I know how little I matter in the overall scheme of things. I've always known. I know I sound jealous, but I'm not. Really. I just know my place, is all. And normally I don't say much about your friendship with Rose. I know how it makes you feel, but I can't – no, I won't – just stand here and let you throw your career away for her." "Harsh." Rose intoned wryly. Scorpius opened his mouth to argue, but Henrietta silenced him with a cold look and turned fierce eyes back on Rose. "I don't think I've ever hated you as much as I do in this moment." "Nice to see that you're finally admitting it," she uttered tonelessly. "I—" "You're annoying, oftentimes lazy, and a flake. You haven't grown up at all since school, and at the rate you're going, you'll always be stuck where you are right now. You get everything handed to you; you got this job handed to you. You depend on your family to clean up your messes while you pretend to be this independent free spirit who could care less who you're related to. You're selfish, Rose, I'll believe that even more if you let him or your mother get involved your mess." Rose was gobsmacked. When Henrietta inserted herself into Scorpius' life Second Year, she'd had so many opinions about her and none of them were pleasant. Henrietta was a pompous arse; a judgmental Muggle-born elitist (oxymoron much?), who hadn't made a single friend her entire First Year because no one could tolerate her and she couldn't be bothered with those she considered beneath her (read: everyone, except for the professors). Rose never knew why she'd picked Scorpius to be her first friend or why he decided to talk to her in the first place, but there was nothing to do about it. From the start, Henrietta looked down on Rose for a myriad of reasons that seemed to grow and develop over the years, but Rose held her tongue because Scorpius had seen something in her worth befriending. By the time they graduated, her dislike for Henrietta had transformed into indifference. Well, not anymore. She was done keeping quiet. "Are you done?" Rose asked coolly. "Because if you are done being a self-righteous arse, you should probably know you aren't the first person to say any of that to me. You won't be the last either, I'm sure of it. We might've gone to school together and you might've heard about my antics through other people or the media, but don't presume that you know enough about me to pass any sort of judgment." "It—" Rose didn't let her speak another word. "I'm not stupid. I know what's at stake for both of them. I didn't ask for their help. They didn't offer it. And you're an idiot if you believe that I could possibly tell my mother or Scorpius to bugger off. Dogs with bones, the lot of them." Scorpius snorted. "Accurate." Henrietta stiffened. Rose fixed her glare on the standing witch. "Do you want to know why Scorpius is here, Henrietta? Because when you care about someone as you claim to care about him, you don't think about the consequences, you don't think twice about trying to protect them. Their mess becomes your mess, and you don't walk away from them because you aspire to be a – a bloody hospital administrator someday!" Scorpius rested a hand on her arm that was shaking. Huh. When had he come over? "Everything you've said about me is probably true, I'm as knowledgeable about my flaws as you are ignorant about yours, but at least I know what's truly important. At least I have my priorities in order." All the self-righteous anger seemed to bleed from her. Scorpius slipped his hand into Rose's and squeezed it. "My priority is here, Henrietta." He told her. "I'm not deluded enough to think any of this is my fault, but I am the reason she was in the hospital at all. She came to be a good friend and make sure I didn't run myself into the ground—" "Or Splinch yourself," Rose supplied helpfully. "That, too." He rolled his eyes fondly. "She didn't ask to be attacked and have her mind muddled with." "I—" Scorpius held up his hand to stop her, just as she'd done to him before. His voice was as cool as Rose had ever heard it. "We're going to figure out who did this and put them away for it. You can run to Caldwell and make things harder...or you can stay and help." Henrietta started at him baldly for a moment before exhaling. "Let the record show that I do not approve of this." "It's noted." To Rose, she added, "Also that I still am not your biggest fan." "The feeling is absolutely mutual," Rose drawled. "Fine. Now that we've gotten that cleared, what do you need me to do?" "Expedite Rose's release." Henrietta slowly nodded and left without another word. Rose fought every childish urge to make rude gestures at her back and Scorpius just snorted. "Maturity looks good on you." "I have bigger problems than all the unsurprising things Henrietta thinks about me. Where's my family?" "Harry called in a few favours and secured an emergency Portkey for Hugo. He'll be here in an hours. Ginny told everyone what was going on and you all must have a contingency plan or something because everyone seemed to know what they were supposed to do and scattered." "Ah, Operation: There's A Mystery Afoot. I was supposed to bring my dad's deluminator. It's in my room." "Not even going to pretend to understand that." "The streetlights outside my flat are bright." Scorpius just blinked. "Anyway. Al went to the flat to pack me a bag. Lily went to yours to do the same." Rose groaned loudly. "Your parents Fire-called my dad to fill him in and he thinks we should combine our research efforts and start at the Manor. Your dad agreed to it. Hence the packing." Rose blinked. "My dad did what now? He hates the Manor almost as much as mum does." Not to mention the fact that their fathers famously did not get on. An understatement, actually. "My dad hates it more than both of them combined, but he abruptly decided to work from home and is there now, digging out every relevant book for us to start on." "But—" "Priorities, Rose. We have them." She didn't say anything else on the subject. Henrietta returned a few minutes later. She didn't bother with pleasantries. "You'll be discharged within the hour." "Great." Rose paused. She was the bigger person. "I know you don't particularly like me, but thanks." "I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing it for him." She glanced at Scorpius. "Regardless of what you think, I was just looking out for you. I do care, after all. You're my oldest and the only person to stick with me, no matter how difficult I am to get on with." "I know." Scorpius nodded and looked down, then at his friend, expression serious. "And I'm just looking out for her. She's always done the same for me, ever since I knocked on the door of her and Al's train car, looking for a seat because no one else would let me into theirs." Rose looked at him, mouth pressed in a hard line as she remembered how bloody terrible everyone had treated him in the earliest days of their friendship. It was something they didn't reminisce about too often. They had known just how lonely he'd been before they came into the picture (and Al bloodied Dustin McLaggen's nose right before Sorting because he'd called Scorpius a Death Eater. Dustin was the first in a month-long string of Albus-related bully-punchings that ended abruptly when Scorpius promptly floored a Fourth Year who taunted him about using Albus Potter to fight his battles. The detention she'd received for cheering for him had been worth it.) Absently, Rose leaned against Scorpius like she had done multiple times during their first month of school when he'd needed a little human contact to make things better. He gave her a fond look like he knew what she was trying to do and smiled. Rose grinned back. Henrietta was quiet for a bit, but didn't bother letting up on the probing looks she was sending Rose's way. "You don't remember anything after you walked into that room?" Shaking her head, Rose explained everything she remembered when her mum and Scorpius found her. "Well, I became as conscious as someone who's been Stunned can be. I faded in and out over the hours," she paused and added begrudgingly, "Thanks for letting me come round naturally." "I didn't. You didn't wake up after we administered the potion." "Oh." She frowned. "Well. It's good I didn't wake up. I imagine the alternative would've been bloody awful as I would've immediately started screaming my head off about being a killer because I believed it and felt compelled to tell everyone, even though I remember otherwise." "Do you still believe you did it?" "Yes," Rose answered immediately. "I just…" she looked at her best friend. "I have people reminding me that nothing I believe is real." "And your mum can fix it?" "So she says, but I have to wait until my brother sketches the dagger." "The one that someone is stabbing patients with." "Right." "To put them out of their misery." "So I believe." Henrietta frowned and didn't say anything for several minutes. Scorpius summoned the tray over to Rose, who promised to name her firstborn after him as she tucked into her food. The bacon was a cold and the eggs were overdone, but it didn't matter. Food was food. There was a fruit salad that Rose didn't completely hate and a hunk of bread that was the first to get eviscerated. She ate as happily as she could with everything going on, Henrietta stood silently, and Scorpius made her shove over a bit so he could squeeze in next to her and figure out how many forkfuls of her fruit salad he could steal without getting stabbed. Normality was on its way to re-establishing itself, well, at least it was until Henrietta seemed to come back from wherever the hell she'd gone and blurted out, "Angel of Mercy." They both froze. A bit of egg landed on her hospital gown. "Sorry, what?" Rose took scooped it up with her finger and ate it. Desperate times. "That's what's going on. It's an Angel of Mercy." "Still not following." Henrietta looked highly impatient. She jumped out of her chair and paced back and forth in front of Rose's bed. "All the people who have died so far have been gravely injured or were on death's doorstep, right?" They nodded. "An Angel of Mercy is someone, usually a caregiver, who kills because they've decided their victims are better off dead than suffering. They use what they know to stage their crimes so people think it's an accident or natural." "Nothing about that dagger is natural," Rose pointed out. "Well, no, but when we find the bodies, we don't know they've been stabbed." Scorpius shifted a bit. "Had they all not started dying exactly the same way and within weeks of each other, we would have never known anything was wrong. We would have assumed that they had died from their pre-existing injuries." "Exactly! Which brings up the second part of this, which is worse, if I'm right. Angels of Mercy eventually lose control and start to, well…escalate." "Which means wha—" Scorpius went completely still next to her. "They start killing people whose injuries aren't as severe, which is safe to say that they've escalated to that point with Mrs. Shingleton. She would have eventually recovered." "Yes." Henrietta looked grim. "And—" "And then they start killing people who aren't even sick." Rose put down her fork. "They didn't kill me, so that's a positive, yes?" Henrietta frowned. "You were supposed to take the fall, Rose. They're under a lot of pressure with all the restrictions, I imagine. Your arrest was supposed to give them some freedom back so they can go back to being undetected." "They're going to be angry when they find out their plan didn't work." And the full weight of their words hit Rose all at once. "Oh, wonderful." Her boss stuck her head into the room an hour later, just after Mum had just finished helping Rose into a change of clothes. She was currently tying Rose's shoes after a failed attempt had left her hovering just off the floor, thanks to a well-timed Hover Charm. Healer Brown looked more distracted and concerned than Rose had ever seen her. Mum looked surprised to see her old classmate, but overall pleased. The two exchanged polite – albeit stiff – smiles before Lavender gave Rose the medical onceover. "I came as soon as I heard, are you okay?" She made Rose lift her arms over her head. Rose nodded, putting her arms down and standing slowly after her mother finished. After being instructed to do so, she took a wobbly step that made her mum put her hands on her waist to help her balance. "I suddenly have colt legs, but overall I'm fine. I think I'm going to need a few days off." "Sure. Take the week. Let me know if you need more time off." She said absently, looking Rose up and down critically. "How's your head? I nicked your chart." "In case anyone has forgotten, my chart isn't public property," Rose pouted. "Sure it isn't." Healer Brown smirked. "Besides the fact that you're a natural redhead—" "The Weasley gene is strong in this one." Her boss just stared blankly. "What?" "Another person who has not seen Star Wars. Why is my life is so hard?" Healer Brown just looked even more confused. "It's best to ignore her when she gets like this, Lavender," her mum advised. "You're never going to really understand." "I'll keep that in mind." Healer Brown still sounded a bit mystified, but she came out of it soon enough. "What I was trying to say before was that I am also surprised that you're actually on your feet after such a bad concussion, not to mention the fact that you were probably cursed." "I've been better. I'll be a lot better once I get out of here. I like this hospital a lot more when I'm not a patient." Or being accused of murder. "Understandable." "My dad is settling my discharge and Scorpius is hunting down a wheelchair. We're going to my parents' house first and I refuse to be carried to the Floo. I have some dignity left. Not much after that sponge bath…" Rose glared at her mum, who wasn't the least bit sorry. "But enough." "They're letting you go? They usually keep patients in your condition overnight. I would personally be more comfortable if you stayed until someone more qualified had the chance to clear you." "Healer Sweeting did a proper assessment." Defending Henrietta left a bad taste in her mouth. "She did, and she also mentioned some headaches in your chart." "I'm taking the potions for pain." "But have they figured out the root cause?" "The concussion, most likely." Lavender didn't look satisfied and she'd said as much, but added, "If she's cleared you, I won't argue. When are they taking you to the Ministry?" At the look of alarm on Rose's face, Healer Brown gestured to the door. "I ask because of the Aurors outside your door." Rose visibly relaxed. "Oh, that. Well, I'll be going in the day after never. They're not investigating me. They're protecting me until I leave the building. I told Caldwell everything I remembered and the evidence backs up my story so I'm in the clear and I'm being released into my parents care." Lavender looked like she had an infinite amount of questions left, but let it go. "Well, I'm glad that's all sorted." She checked her watch. "Well, if you need anything or need someone to talk to about your ordeal—" "I have your mobile." "Good." She nodded and clasped her hands together. "Well, there's someone who's been gagging to see you. Causing quite a ruckus, too." Healer Brown opened the door and gestured for the person standing outside to come in. It was Bangs. And she nearly took Rose off her feet with the force of her embrace. "Oof!" she grunted, but hugged her back. More to maintain balance than anything else. Okay maybe she was glad to see her. "Al called me and told me what happened and I came right over." She meant that literally because she was still in her unicorn pyjamas and fuzzy slippers, bangs pulled back haphazardly with her reading glasses. "You could've gotten dressed." "Stop being prickly and keep hugging." "You're doing enough for the both of us. More like suffocating." Rose fussed, but did what she asked. Bangs pulled back sharply, wide-eyed and scared that she'd actually hurt her. "Sorry!" She squeaked, but did a pretty good job at keeping Rose off the floor. "I'm fine. Just don't let go all the way. I'm a baby deer right now." "You should probably sit." Lavender suggested. Together they managed to get Rose over to the bed without any manhandling or carrying, which was a plus. Rose exhaled tiredly and Bangs sat next to her, legs swinging off the side of the bed. "Are you okay?" She asked Rose. "Because you don't look fine. You look pale and I see bruises and a sigh might actually knock you over. Not to mention the fact that there are Ministry officials practically guarding this room and the entire ward. And they wouldn't let me in to see you even though I told them that we're friends. We are friends, right? And I saw Scorpius and he made them let me in and Healer Brown was coming to your room so I tagged along with her because he's finding you a wheelchair. And he said you're leaving?" Whenever Bangs rattled on, Rose always stared and waited for her to stop. Her ability to vomit words was still unbelievable. What was more shocking was that Rose still managed to figure out what she was talking about. "Um. Yes and yes. I won't be around for a week, at the least." Bangs looked ridiculously disappointed. "Oh." "I'll phone you…tonight when I get settled." And hopefully had her sanity back. Her mum cleared her throat pointedly and they both looked over. Rose rolled her eyes at the inquiring look on her mother's pleased face. Oh gods. She was literally begging with her eyes to be introduced and Rose knew why. Outside of family and Scorpius, Rose didn't have any real friends. Acquaintances, sure, but no one she'd consider a friend. Well, until now, Rose thought dazedly. Because huh. They really were friends, weren't they? She certainly hadn't intended for that to happen. Rose had barely liked her when they'd first met, but Bangs kept coming around, finding her and talking, and just sort of worming her way in. And now she was someone Rose sought out while at work…and sometimes when she wasn't. She'd dragged Rose to a soap making class, got her to buy more organic foods, and she listened without complaint as Bangs rambled on and on about saving the world by recycling and saving the rainforest. Which was, well, what friends did. And Rose found that she didn't really mind. "Jane, this is my mum. Mum, this is my friend, Jane." Her mother barely contained her excitement. "It's wonderful to meet you, Jane." Bangs was star struck and babbling. "S-same to you, I'm honoured, really. You're…you're just great." "And so are you, any friend of Rose's is great in my books." The blonde just beamed widely and turned it on Rose. "I'm glad you're okay." "Me, too." Lavender cleared her throat. "We should go, Jane, they only gave us five minutes." Bangs nodded and hugged Rose again. "You'll ring me if you need anything, yes?" She nodded and held on for another moment before pulling back. Bangs patted her head, got up, and left with Healer Brown. When the door closed, Rose looked at her mum, who was grinning. "Don't." "Don't what? Oh, you mean don't mention that you have a friend you never told me about? I thought you didn't do friends. Isn't that what you told me after your Third Year?" Rose just face-palmed. "You ended up with your very own Luna, which is kind of adorable seeing as to how you spent the first eight years of your life barefoot, obsessed with vegetable jewellery, and trailing after her like a duckling whenever she was in town." "Mum." She laughed. "Okay, okay, I'll stop. I actually like Jane." There was a knock on the door and Scorpius poked his head in before either of them could answer. "Found a wheelchair and you're all set to go." "Great! Let's blow this treacle tart stand!" Rose thoughtlessly hopped out of bed and ended up sprawled on the floor like a starfish. "Ow." There was something different about Malfoy Manor every time Rose visited. New drapes in the drawing room, bookcases in the library, racks of aging wine from all over the world in the clean cellar, windows in the study and offices, moved all the paintings to a forbidden part of the house, chic French furniture in the sitting room, rugs in the parlour, paint in all the rooms, light fixtures in the upstairs halls, completely renovated dining room. It was a poorly-kept secret that Scorpius' grandparents were just trying to figure out new ways to bury the bad memories, silence the ghosts, and make it a home again, which was a lost cause as far as Scorpius' dad was concerned. He'd given up on the saving the Manor years ago and bought a ridiculously posh but homey flat in central London right after his son had left for Hogwarts. It had an excellent view. And was Unplottable. The latest change to the Manor was a resplendent chandelier in the foyer that fit seamlessly with the room they'd remodelled several years ago. Rose would've taken a moment to admire the soft cream and gold tones of the grand room, but she was too busy being carried like a sodding princess because her knees had decided to take a break right after they'd Apparated from her parents' house. "You can put me down now, Scorpius." He snorted. "So you can face plant again and scuff the marble floors in the process? I think not. My grandmother will have my head. The Valentine's day ball is in two days and her three conditions for us using the library are: don't make a mess, stay out the way, and don't embarrass her at the ball." Rose's mouth fell open. "I have to attend? I did not agree to these terms!" "You actually did, by proxy at least. Your parents agreed, Al, too." "You all are dead to me." "That doesn't change the fact that we're here." "Bollocks! If we leave right now, they'll never know we were here, right?" At the doubtful look on Scorpius' face, Rose whinged. "You lied about your work schedule to avoid it. You can't possibly want to go." "No one wants to go to this ball," a deep, familiar voice drawled from the balcony overlooking the foyer. They both looked up sharply to see Scorpius' dad start down the right staircase, holding a pair of crutches. He wore a sharp navy suit and looked as if he'd just left a business meeting. Which was likely the case as it wasn't even noon. He looked pleased to see them. "Son, Rose." "Hi, dad." "Hi, Mr Draco." It felt weird to call him that, but whenever she called him Mr Malfoy, he always bristled and said his father was elsewhere. "I thought you were coming by Floo." "We were, but Rose's legs made us change our travel plans." "Ah. Granger mentioned that. I suppose that's what these are for." He made an abated gesture to the crutches. "Your cousin James owled these to me. I only just reversed the Shrinking Charm. The note said they were for a Tiny Tim, whatever that means." Scorpius let out a loud laugh and Rose did her best to look put out, but joined him in the end. Draco just stared at them blankly, but by the time Rose explained the joke and got the hang of walking with crutches, he was smothering his amusement into his fist. She started glaring at him, too, but then he mentioned that he had a Fire call to make and lunch was waiting for them in the dining room, but that he would be joining them soon. And, well, how could she be cross at someone who was feeding her? "Walking is hard," she complained about halfway through the slow trek to food. "You're doing much better on the crutches," Scorpius praised, but she caught the hint of sarcasm. "I've only had to catch you once since we left the foyer." "My upper body strength is a lie." "I'm sure Lily will have you lifting me in no time at all." "Don't remind me. The lazy sod in me is in mourning." Scorpius cackled. "My armpits hurt." "I could always carry you again," he suggested. "No!" Rose exclaimed. "Between that, the sponge bath, falling on my mum's cat, who already hates me, and being laughed at by the parrot they're bird-sitting for Luna, I'm fresh out of self-respect. I didn't even know parrots could laugh." Rose said mournfully. "It was more like a snicker." "I hate you," but it was half-hearted because they'd made it to their destination. Lunch, like every other meal she'd ever had at Malfoy Manor, was extravagant and Rose loved every moment of it. Chicken parmo, vegetable biryani (for Scorpius), roast beef, assorted vegetables (hopefully for Scorpius), roasted potatoes, vegetable and bean soup (also for Scorpius), and various cakes and pies for dessert. Meals at the Manor were heaven for Rose…too bad that Scorpius' entire family were usually also there, staring at her with varying degrees of disdain, like she wasn't even good enough to breathe their air. But not today. Today, she fixed a plate, draped her legs across Scorpius' lap, and didn't worry a bit about table manners. It was refreshing They talked about unimportant things and the weight of the day seemed to lighten. Just for a bit. Rose had a few troubling thoughts and nearly choked on some false memories at one point, but overall, she ignored them. They were halfway finished with Draco walked into the room, followed by Hugo, who was toting a messenger bag, a sketch pad, and a worried smile. "Hugo!" Rose beamed. He dropped everything and Rose had just enough time to wobble to her feet before being swallowed in a hug. There was really no better way to describe it. Hugo had always been trailing behind her in height until he turned thirteen and exploded. Now he was taller than her and mum, and almost as tall as dad, with his lean frame to boot. James had started calling him Huge, which he hated almost as much as he hated when Lily tried to dress him in clothes she deemed worthy. She heard Mr Draco ask Scorpius something and started fixing himself a plate, but then Hugo tucked his head into the crook of her neck and she focused back on him. Rose held on tighter, knowing he needed it. While Rose was emotionally constipated, Hugo was…well, he was an anomaly in their family. He was quiet, shy around strangers, reserved around everyone else, a bit awkward, wicked intelligent, but at the same time, he wasn't allergic to emotions like Rose. When he was a kid, he would cry at the drop of a hat, sometimes for no reason other than needing to shed the tears. Rose had spent his entire First Year threatening anyone who had dared tease him for it. Deep down, she envied Hugo for his ability to vocalise his feelings freely. Rose kept nearly everything bottled up and buried in cement, and often wondered what it would be like if she didn't. That day was coming, though. Not everything she'd buried was meant to stay hidden. The thought alone made her stomach turn. Hugo pulled away, eyeing her sceptically. "Mum said you were okay, are you?" "Partially," she shrugged awkwardly. There was no point in being economically truthful to her brother. He knew her as well as Scorpius did, probably better. "I've been properly distracted from thinking about all the bad stuff, but I refuse to go to sleep until mum reverses the Memory Charm. Oh, and I'm still not good on my feet yet. Note the fact that I've been clinging to you." "I just thought you missed me." "Well, that, too. I suppose." She ruffled his red hair, which made him pull face. "Just getting in?" Hugo nodded, fixing his hair back so his bangs were mere millimetres from his eyebrows, just how he liked it. Mum would probably comment on the fact that he was in desperate need of a haircut. "You should eat." Her brother pulled back completely and helped Rose back to her chair. He briefly hugged Scorpius next, filled his plate with food, and sat on the other side of her. Conversation was easy, likely because they talked about everything except what they all really wanted to discuss. Mr Draco talked about winning the highly sought after bid to head up the expansion of Diagon Alley, Scorpius recalled the night of the rave to Hugo who almost choked when he talked about Lily's shenanigans, Hugo filled them in about his Muggle art school and how much he liked Italy. Rose told them all about her mini-adventures with Bangs and ignored how surprised her brother looked when she called Jane her friend. Mr Draco was the first to bring up the topic they all wanted to discuss. "Now that we're done with the small talk, we have much to discuss." "Merlin, I thought we'd never get to it!" Hugo blurted out, which was so uncharacteristic it made Rose's head jerk in his direction. "I'm not sure what's left to discuss." Rose said. "I beg to differ, actually." Draco patted his mouth with the napkin draped across his lap. "Why did you walk into that room?" She froze, frowning. "No one has asked that before." Scorpius' father smirked. "Which is why I asked." "It's kind of a funny story…" And she told him about coming back to the fourth floor from Healer Brown's office and the detour, which had found her inexplicably lost. "It didn't make any sense. I know my way around, but I was wandering the halls for what felt like hours. I was confused, tired—I even got hungry. I kept seeing those three rooms. And when the lights went out, I saw a glowing light under the door. I knew I was in a ward by this point, but I went in anyway because there was nothing else I could do. And that's all I remember until I heard them find me." Draco looked pensive for all of five seconds before he said, "Ah." "Ah?" Scorpius chimed in. "And that means…" "She was right. It was a ward. A ward that some consider dark magic because it lets you in and – for lack of a better term – buggers with your head. My guess is that you never really walked the halls at all; it just made you think you were. Your brain filled in the room numbers you saw, but I doubt you made it past room eight. You probably froze in place the moment you touched the wards." "So the feeling that I'd been walking for hours—" "The confusion, hunger, and feelings of despair and helplessness. It was the ward. I bet you were panicking, shaking, and on the verge of a meltdown, too, am I right?" Rose nodded. "How do you know that?" "It's a ward I've seen before," he answered simply, but added, "I'm not certain about the lights, however. St Mungo's lights have never gone out, as far as I've known." "What about magic?" Hugo asked. "Could there be a spell so powerful that if used it makes the power fail? What about this dagger I have to sketch?" "You'd have to ask a Magical Artefacts expert about the dagger and an Unspeakable about the magic. Unspeakables know a lot about different forms of magic, but good luck finding one willing to talk specifics." Draco took a sip from his water goblet. "They're a notoriously secretive bunch." "Quincy's parents are Magical Archaeologists and he sometimes works at the Ministry as an expert in Magical Artefacts." Rose told him. "I know he'll help us." Draco's eyes cut over to Scorpius, then back. "Invite him to the ball, then, and tell him to bring as many books about magical daggers as he can find." He paused, then. "Oh, and don't tell my mother that her social event has turned into a cover for an unofficial investigation. She likes the idea that we've all decided to come to the ball willingly." She mock-saluted. "Consider my lips sealed." "Mine too." Hugo chimed in. Scorpius took a drink from his goblet. "James' girlfriend is an Unspeakable. She might help." His father considered it. "She might talk to Potter because he's head of the Auror Department and a Saint, as far as they're concerned, but I doubt she'll tell any of you anything." Draco sat his napkin down next to his half-empty plate and stood. "I'll Fire-call Potter to see if he can do it." He looked at Hugo and Rose. "You both should finish up and get started on the sketch. Your mother will be here in an hour or so. She's seeing about getting Caldwell off the case. Oh, and there's a sitting room upstairs for you to work in, Hugo." "Thanks, Mr Draco," her brother smiled. Scorpius wiped his mouth and stood as well. "I'll come with you, dad." He nodded and they both left soon after. Rose watched them long enough to see Draco casually throw an arm over his son's shoulder. She smiled, but it faded when she caught her brother giving her a strange look. "What?" "Nothing. Are you finished?" Rose eyed him suspiciously because Hugo's 'nothing' always meant 'something', but she wasn't in the mood to pry so she let it go. They put down their napkins and found their way to the sitting room. The trip was better than the one to the dining room, in that she didn't wobble as much on her crutches. Or stumble. Or fall. Hugo got right to work, pulling out his sketch pad and pencils while Rose settled on the sofa, closed her eyes, and remembered… Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: My brain forgot it wasn't writing a long fic. Err. I haven't started on chapter 8 yet, but I have a good idea on the beginning. I hope I got Rose's reaction to everything spot-on because she's always been the sort to ignore all the reasons why she should freak out, while not freaking out, and throwing up all the defense she has to keep herself from freaking out. She is overwhelmed and has fallen back to sarcasm to shield herself. It happens to the best of us. She is complicated. As if the first six chapters didn't convey that one. Also, your theories about the killer will be entertaining to me.
But I won't hesitate No more, no more It cannot wait. I'm yours. I'm Yours-Jason Mraz Chapter Eight: The Ringleader The clouds rolled in and the westward wind picked up. It would rain soon. Hugo worked quietly at a desk older than Scorpius' great-grandfather. It was too small for his six-foot-two frame, but Hugo sketched with no complaint, head bowed. Scorpius watched the drawing quill in his left hand dash back and forth with quick and buoyant movements for minutes. Then Hugo stilled and observed his sleeping sister. Scorpius pointlessly glanced to see if she had woken. Rose had finished describing the dagger almost an hour ago and shakenly gulped down a dose of fresh Dreamless Draught from his father's stock. It was far more potent than the standard potion provided at St. Mungo's. She was sleep in minutes; so motionless Scorpius had checked her breathing. Hugo regarded Scorpius with an unreadable expression before he reached for his bag that was propped against the leg of the desk. "It needs colour." From the window, Scorpius saw him rifle through his bag, meticulously selecting what was needed. Hugo worked silently while Scorpius turned his attention back to the incoming storm. The trees had begun to dance to the tune of the wind as a deep roll of thunder rumbled, rattling the shutters against the brick of the Manor. He welcomed the rain, exhaling a bit of the tension he'd been carrying all night and day. The rain had always calmed him and eased his anxiety. He almost forgot Hugo was there until he broke the silence. "Have you slept?" Hugo never asked a question he didn't know the answer to, so Scorpius was honest in a way he hadn't been all day. "No. There's a storm coming." "Which is why you need all the rest you can get." "I'm fine." "There's a serial killer in St. Mungo's who knows my sister's face and mind. You say a storm is coming? I say that storm is already here." It started to rain. Soon the sounds of Hugo working were drowned out by the raindrops pounding against the window. Hugo was right. Scorpius saw the lightning in the distance moving towards them in a hurry, intensifying. The storm was here. He had been a spectator of the 'unexplained deaths' for months, mindlessly attending the security meetings and formulating his theories with no real way to test them. Rose had been there too, though she never spoke about it. Not her circus, not her monkeys. But now things were different. He could no longer be a bystander, suddenly finding himself on the stage with Rose as the ringleader. All because he couldn't tell her no; to go home with Quincy and wait. Scorpius wasn't so much guilt-ridden as he was scared as hell. The attack, the dagger, the murders. It was the beginning. This storm was bigger than them all. "I froze." Scorpius confessed aloud. It brought no relief. "When it's someone you care about, it's always different." Scorpius looked at Hugo, who was packing his supplies. He was finished. He said nothing, because really, what could he say? Hugo closed the flap on his bag. "I'm leaving after the ball. Mum wants me back in Italy until this is over." That made sense. Hugo picked up the parchment with both hands. "I've never seen anything like this." Scorpius went to look. He hadn't drawn just a picture of the dagger itself, but a graphic animation of Rose's planted memories. The dagger itself didn't look like any weapon Scorpius had ever seen – well, outside one of many bad medieval movies Rose had tortured him with. This one looked old, for lack of a better word. The blade looked sharp enough to draw blood, obviously, but dull in lustre and appearance. The hilt was wood with what looked like animal skin on the dagger grip. Scorpius didn't know much about daggers, but this one looked normal. Until the stone on the pommel glowed red and the etchings and runes appeared on the blade. He studied the etchings closer, not recognising any the symbols, not even from Ancient Runes. When the animated dagger plunged into the chest of the drawn victim, all the red from the pommel seemed to bleed into the blade, then the wound. A shock of red shot through their limbs and vanished just moments before their breathing stopped. Then the light reformed and was absorbed into the blade, through the hilt, and back into the pommel that glowed bolder. If he had blinked, Scorpius would have missed a portion red light sinking into the skin of the wielder. As if the dagger was sharing its power. The hand flexed. Scorpius only watched the full animation once, before giving it back to Hugo to show their parents. "Have you seen anything like this?" Hugo asked. "Not in any book I've ever read." After checking on Rose, Scorpius followed Hugo to the sitting room where their fathers sat together in what looked to be an unpleasant silence. Scorpius surreptitiously looked around for scorch marks, but found none…much to his surprise. He wondered how long they'd been in the same room without wands being drawn. It had to be a record. The atmosphere was tense; at least on Ron's part, which was understandable given the situation and their location. To an extent, his Dad appeared content in the resplendent room, casually sipping tea in his favourite Chesterfield, reading the evening edition of The Prophet. Likely, he was rifling for stories on the deaths at St. Mungo's. Irritation flashed across his father's features when he cut his eyes over to Ron, who impatiently shook his leg and cracked his knuckles. Stress was contagious and communicable; his dad was not trying to catch it. He was about to say something – likely abrasive – when he spotted Scorpius and Hugo in the doorway. "Finished?" Draco asked, folding the newspaper, placing it on the table next to his tea. "Yes." Hugo answered. Ron jolted like he'd been hit by a spell and approached them with the intention of seeing the painting. Hugo looked at Scorpius, who nodded. He wasn't sure what permission he was granting, but it seemed like the thing to do at the time. "Is Rose sleep?" Scorpius turned to his Dad. "She took the Dreamless Draught you gave her." "Good. She should sleep the rest of the night. Granger can work in peace." Hugo presented the parchment to his dad, who unfolded it and scrutinised the drawing. Ron stared at the parchment for so long that Draco came to have a look. Scorpius watched his face closely and saw his dad's eyes widened imperceptibly. That was interesting. There wasn't much that alarmed his father. He seemed to have seen everything and his mind had always been like a steel trap. But the look on his face told Scorpius he hadn't seen the dagger. Ever. His father swore lowly. It seemed to break the trance that Rose's dad was in. Ron sounded weary as he folded the parchment and returned it to his son. "Rosie is seeing herself do this?" Hugo nodded, head down. The room was silent as everyone took their seats; Hugo on the sofa and Scorpius sinking into the other Chesterfield across the coffee table from his father. Ron went to make a Fire Call to Harry, who was busy gathering books from the list Hermione had provided. He then left the room, presumably to check on Rose. Hugo followed, leaving the parchment and his bag behind. Draco watched Scorpius the entire time. "Have you taken tea?" "Dad, I need something stronger than tea." Scorpius half-joked. "That can be arranged." A glass of whisky with two ice cubes popped into existence next to him. Scorpius blinked in surprise, but sent a silent 'thanks' to the house elves before downing the entire glass in one swallow. "Don't tell your grandmother." Scorpius smiled for the first time in hours. "I won't." "She was expecting you for tea in the drawing room. Imagine her irritation when I told her that you were with Hugo and Rose." "How suspicious is she?" Draco resumed reading the evening paper. "About the purpose of our random visit?" Scorpius nodded. His father turned the page. "She has no idea why Potters and Weasleys are willingly converging on the Manor, but she won't question it. She's already published the guest list and made sure The Golden Trio's names were at the top. It'll be a damn circus, for sure. Prepare yourself." Scorpius was not looking forward to it. Over the years, Scorpius had been the star in article after article ranging from his net worth estimates to the witches deemed eligible to be his future bride. It was a long list. His grandmother's list was even longer. Scorpius wasn't a fan of the media, publicity, articles, interviews, or attention that came with being part of his family and social group. Scorpius was…well, he was…Scorpius; an ordinary, twenty-one-year-old, Level Two Intensive Care Unit Healer. He lived with his best friend in a decent flat in Hampstead and spent too much of his life coming home to find that his flatmate had eaten his dinner. He didn't think of Al as the son of The Famous Harry Potter or himself as the sole heir to the Malfoy fortune. Heir. The title meant very little to him, but meant everything to the public. His dad never pressured him, but no one could control his grandparents. Or his mother. Or the Wizarding World. Draco made sure Scorpius knew the full extent of their wealth, how to manage it, and how to curb his grandmother's spending. He occasionally attended board meetings at Father's company, only because Scorpius owned twenty-five percent of the shares and therefore, had to attend. Draco had never forced or demanded that he fully embrace his role as heir, not to his company or the Malfoy fortune. It would have been hypocritical of his father, after all. His dad's multiple hobbies and career endeavours had been a source of contention in their family for years. Malfoys, as a rule, did not have careers. They lived on the interest of their wealth. It had diminished after paying reparations, but they were far from destitute. Furthermore, they had charities and galas, rubbed shoulders with the rich and powerful, and pursued influence in the Ministry. The latter hadn't been possible since the war, but his family believed Scorpius could return them to their former glory. He wasn't interested. His father never pushed. "Will you take tea with your grandmother before you retire to your room?" Scorpius sat the glass on the coffee table. It vanished a second later. "She likely wants to show me the book of eligible bachelorettes for me to study before the gala." Draco picked up the paper again to continue skimming. "An exercise in futility." "What do you mean?" "We'll discuss it later." Another hour passed before Hermione Floo'd in, hair wild and looking haggard. She had a handbag and was carrying three books on memory charms, looking supremely proud of herself. Draco stood up politely, but greeted her with a single word. "Granger." Her response was an equally as dry, "Malfoy." "Welcome to the Manor." He gestured around them with a cursory wave of his hand. She did not look impressed. "This is the last place I want to be." Hermione sat her books on the table and picked up Hugo's almost forgotten drawing. "I hate it here." "Likewise." Scorpius, meanwhile, had been dozing – okay, sleeping – in his chair. Blearily, he looked around for Hugo and Ron. They were still with Rose. "Is this the dagger?" They both nodded as a cup of tea appeared on the table. Sugar appeared next. Hermione's frown was as deep as the sea, but before she could launch into what was sure to be a diatribe about House Elf freedom, Dad cleared his throat. "You do know they made us free all the House-elves after the war. They're here of their own free will." Her eyes were still narrowed suspiciously. "Paid?" "Handsomely." he gestured to the tea. "It's herbal. From my mother's collection." She relaxed further as she considered the tea. "You happen to like my mother." At her cocked brow, he added, "Sometimes." Years had passed since the disdain and mistrust between their families faded. Hermione's scepticism had to do with the venue, he was sure. No matter how much his grandmother renovated, the house told a story of pain and fear; the walls bore witness. Not just to Hermione's pain. Or Ron's. Or Harry's. His father told him that there wasn't enough paint and decor to cover the misery and death that he had seen. It had been the main motivator behind their move once his mother left. Scorpius understood, and didn't. He had no experience with the true evil they'd seen. He was fine without ever knowing. Rose and Al had been to Malfoy Manor, Hugo too, but their parents always declined. Unless there was a charity event. In the gardens. In fairness, his father had never been to the Burrow. Dinners with their combined families usually took place on neutral ground; at least once a year and always in private to keep it out the papers. There was already enough news about them. Scorpius knew his father had drinks with Harry once a month and despite their bickering, his father considered Hermione a friend, and not just because of everything she had done for Scorpius over the years. Hermione sat on the sofa her husband and son had vacated. She added two spoons of sugar to her tea and used wandless magic to stir before tasting it slowly. "It's good." She unfolded the parchment after placing the teacup back on the saucer, asking him a question without even looking. "Scorpius, you look knackered. Have you slept?" "A bit." He stood and stretched. "Nineteen minutes." His dad specified. "Thanks, dad." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "You're welcome." He turned to address Hermione. "I gave Rose my Dreamless Draught. Your husband—" "Ron's here?" Hermione looked around the room, particularly at the walls. "And there are no scorch marks?" His father rolled his eyes as dramatically straightened the lapel of his robes. "Granger, we are civilised adults, not schoolboys." Scorpius and Hermione exchanged looks, unconvinced. "Civilised, really? Malfoy, remember when Ron tackled you at the Ministry's Charity Qudditch match last year?" Hermione took another drink from her teacup. His father had the good sense not to respond. "The Prophet got a photo of you rubbing his face in the mud. It's framed in your office." "And Dad, just last week, you call him a fu—" Draco shot a dangerous look that made Scorpius bark out a laugh. Hermione joined in, while Draco looked put out. "That look used to provoke fear in many." The disbelief on Hermione's face made Scorpius laugh harder. In the end, his father cracked a small, good natured smile. It felt good to laugh like everything was normal. But nothing was normal anymore. Scorpius tried to smother the anxiety that threatened to return. Draco stood, smoothing down his dark robes as Hermione smothered her laughter into her fist. She then cleared her throat and opened the folded parchment. "So, Ron is here, acting mature, I hope." "He brought over a few items from Rose's flat that Lily forgot." Draco checked his gold watch. "And Hugo. They're both with Rose." "Good," she turned to Scorpius, who put on a weak smile. "How is she?" "A mess." He answered honestly. "She's asleep. Dreamless Draught. Dad made it." Hermione nodded absently. "She shouldn't wake until morning," his dad added. "You should be able to complete the reversal." "Perfect. Can you—" The animation grabbed her attention. Scorpius watched her face bleed from one emotion to the next like the paints in a watercolour painting. He didn't know what she was thinking, but her breathing changed and she gripped the edges of the parchment enough for Scorpius to move from the chair to the sofa next to her. As Head of the MLE, Hermione Granger-Weasley rarely exhibited negative emotions in public. She was a war hero, the brilliant mind behind the Golden Trio's many successes against Voldemort in the war, and the brightest witch of her age. She was a capable and strong leader, a good mother, and people often praised her for being extremely personable. She would be the next Minister for Magic, for sure. But she wasn't in public. And this was about her daughter. Blindly, Hermione reached for her tea then decided against it. Her hands shook as she watched the animation repeatedly. "Well, this is worse than I thought." Scorpius silently agreed. Draco sat on the arm of his Chesterfield, face stoic. "Granger, the books on Magical Artefacts – particularly daggers – are already on the table in the library. I made a few calls to a few of my friends to see if they have any books on the subject in their libraries. I also contacted McGonagall and she offered up the Restricted Section of the library at Hogwarts to you." "Thank you, Malfoy." Hermione finally tore her eyes from the animated parchment. "I mean it." He shrugged. "I happen to like Rose. She's Slytherin, after all, so she's the best of your self-righteous lot." Rose's mother smiled weakly. "Righteous?" Draco thought for a moment. "Might not be the best word, considering you've broken every law short of the Statute of Secrecy. It's no wonder Rose was put into Slytherin." Hermione didn't disagree. Rose was infamous for her ability to circumvent the rules. Like mother, like daughter. Scorpius wondered. "Why don't we ask the Goblins about the dagger?" "No!" They both said simultaneously. At Scorpius' wide-eyed confusion, Hermione looked to Draco to explain their vehement objection. "Well," his dad cleared his throat. "The goblins only tolerate me because I'm rich." That was fair. Scorpius looked at Hermione, who seemed a bit sheepish as she folded the parchment and rose to her feet, picking up her bag and books. "They don't tolerate me at all. Let's just sum it up to a bank heist, millions of Galleons in property damage, and an albino dragon. Not to mention the—" She didn't bother to finish; his dad was too busy smothering his laughter into his fist. "They only accept my Galleons if my father-in-law deposits it." She cleared her throat and strolled to the doorway of the sitting room, looking back to ask, "Which room is Rose in again?" The memory charm was more complicated than anticipated, but just as hastily done. It took an hour of spellwork for Hermione to call in Healer Patel through the fire to assist. Before she arrived, Ron stepped out with a very worried Hugo to take him to visit the Potters' for dinner. Ginny had made pot roast. Healer Patil was the leading expert on Mind Healing, which had become tremendously popular after the war. She specialised in PTSD and mood disorders and written a few books on Memory Charms and their malfunctions. It had been required reading in Healing Academy. Healer Patel had a private practise in the Diagon Alley and walk-in privileges at St. Mungo's. Scorpius had only met her a few times, and that was when she had been trying to get him to join her practise right out of school. He'd turned her down to explore his options at the hospital. Henrietta didn't speak to him for a week. Outside of calling him an idiot. Scorpius found it interesting to watch the dynamic between the two witches. He quickly gathered that they often called the other for anything unsavoury or complex. So much that Healer Patil came through the fire dressed in expensive robes and armed, ready for action. "Not going to battle, Padma." Hermione intoned without looking up. "I was on a date arranged by my parents. You're lucky he was terribly dull." She looked around the guest room and her eyes fell on him. "Why are you—no. Don't answer that. The less I know, the better." Hermione looked up from her work on Rose. "I need help reversing your favourite Slytherin's memory charm. It's a right mess and I can't do it alone." "Damn it." In the second hour, Healer Patel and Hermione carefully separated Rose's real and fake memories. Scorpius understood bits of their discussions and spells, made several minor inputs that seemed to impress Healer Patel, but remained silent otherwise. He was tasked with carefully extracting and bottling the false memory in little jars for Hermione's pensieve. It was all he could handle in his exhaustion. During the third hour, Hermione worked alone and with ease to reverse layer after layer of the charm, speaking only to comment on the rush job of the caster. Healer Patel looked on. "You're a waste at the MLE." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Don't start." Scorpius just held on to Rose's hand. She never stirred. Hermione finished not long after and stepped aside to put all the bottles in her bag. Healer Patel stepped in to check Rose's vitals. Scorpius didn't argue when she checked his. "Your blood sugar is low. You should eat and go to sleep." "You look a bit like your father in Sixth Year." Hermione told him. He was certain that wasn't a compliment. Healer Patil adjusted the covers on Rose. "Her vitals are fine, but she will have migraines for a few days. Keep an eye on her." Healer Patel snapped her fingers in Rose's face and gave an impressed low whistle. "How she slept through that, I'll never know." "Malfoy's Dreamless Draught." Hermione answered, putting the last of the bottles in her bag. He heard the glasses chink together loudly as they fell over. They all froze. She put the bag down to look in. Before long, half her body was inside the bag and all Scorpius could hear was things falling and Hermione swearing darkly as she made adjustments. "All good in there?" he asked carefully. Rose had almost fallen into her bag while digging for a bag of sour watermelons. Al had caught her by her untied shoelaces. "Yes," came Hermione's muffled response. "Just had to move the plant samples Neville gave me for a case and some of the books." "Some? You and your damn books," Healer Patel chuckled. Hermione came out the bag, hair dishevelled as ever, and blew a piece out of her face. "We ran out of space at our house. Ron refuses to move or expand my library into the kids' old rooms. I remind him constantly that they are not moving back home, but he refuses to listen." Scorpius stifled a tired chuckle. Patel also laughed as she examined the empty bottle of Dreamless Draught. "I'm not sure why Malfoy doesn't mass produce his potions. He could do a lot of good." She suddenly remembered Scorpius was in the room and looked rather sheepish, but he just yawned and waved her off. It wasn't anything he hadn't heard before. Whispers of his father's potions had made it to St. Mungo's long before he finished at the Academy. The department heads thought that Scorpius working there would change his father's mind about providing the recipes to his potions. They'd thought wrong. "Not bloody likely," Hermione snapped her bag shut. "His company secured the ten-year Diagon Alley expansion contract. Giving up his recipes wouldn't benefit him at all. Doing 'good' has never been Malfoy's objective." Scorpius agreed, but said nothing. Father was a lot of things, but he rarely did anything that didn't benefit him or their family. Strategic Altruism. Healer Patel made a noncommittal noise and sat the empty bottle down on the nightstand. "It was worth a try." She looked down at Rose. "Anything else you need before I Floo home to lie to my mum?" Hermione smiled, but shook her head at her friend. "You already know." "My lips are sealed. Besides, I love Rose." She smiled. "Thanks again. Tell Pavarti I said hello." Patel nodded and looked at him. "Oh, and Scorpius." She extended her hand for him to shake. He took it. "If you change your mind about Mind Healing, owl me. I would still love to have you." "I will, thank you." He wouldn't. Henrietta was going to kill him. Healer Patel gave Rose a fond look and left quickly. Hermione sagged into the chair next to the door, rubbing her temples. Scorpius leaned against the wall next to the bed, eyes shut, exhausted. He could sleep right there and would have had she not spoken. "Thank you, Scorpius." Before he could say he needed no thanks, she smiled. "You've always been there for her. You never give up on her even when she's being difficult, but—" "I'm just—" Scorpius shrugged awkwardly. "Being a good friend." The look she gave him was oddly probing, but much like the strange look she'd given him before they even knew Rose was missing. It was gone before he could file it away for further review. Then, there was a knock on the door that soon creaked open. Rose's dad stuck his head in first before he came fully into the room, hunched slightly. He went to Rose's bedside and sat next to his still daughter. He cupped her cheek with his large hand. "Did it work, 'Mione?" She joined him at the bed, resting a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Yes. She should wake in the morning." Ron nearly sagged with relief. Scorpius awkwardly stepped back, not wanting to interrupt. "Where's Hugo?" "Said he was tired from the Portkey." He put his hand over Rose's. "He's asleep at home." He stared down at his eldest. "I've never seen her this—" "Quiet?" Hermione smiled weakly when he nodded. "You know, I've secretly been waiting for her to start snoring." "Or talking." "Remember the time she was sleepwalking at the Burrow and tried to make herself a sandwich—" "And destroyed the kitchen? Mum thought an animal had broken in and called The DMC. Ma'am," Ron mocked the officer's tone, "There's a child gripping an entire loaf of bread under the sink—" Their shoulders shook with laughter. Scorpius even laughed to himself, but her parents soon fell silent as the weight of their current situation seemed to return. Her dad sighed, focused on Rose, and her mum rubbed his shoulders comfortingly, murmuring something into his ear that made him nod slowly. Her parents had a bizarre relationship. Scorpius knew their story, everyone did, but he had been around long enough to know them as people. Unquestionably, they loved each other, but their personalities couldn't be more different. Her mother was bossy and a wild card, but strangely traditional when it came to the natural order of things. Graduate, find a career, start a family. Her father was laid back and fun, allowing them to figure out their own way. He wasn't as worried about Rose's restlessness and tendency for ennui as her mother. Her parents bickered far more than they showed affection, but maybe that was how marriage was supposed to be. Scorpius wasn't sure. His grandparents were like housemates, only showing affection when it suited them. His parents' marriage stalled after they found out his mother's blood illness had cut her life expectancy in half. Scorpius was eight when his gentle and affectionate mother had become distant; no longer wanting to be a wife or mother to the Malfoy heir. She wanted to live while she was healthy enough and felt she couldn't be her own person in England. Divorce was out of the question, so they argued until Mother left for treatment in Italy. She didn't return until it was time to drop him off at the Hogwarts Express, and kept returning for each important event and Quidditch game. As the rift between his parents grew, the arguments had shifted to Scorpius as they wanted different things for him. Mother wanted him to marry a suitable witch, go into Politics and work his way up the ladder to Minister—something Scorpius emphatically did not want. Father just wanted him to be his own person. The movement from Rose's bedside made Scorpius sit up straight. "Are you okay?" Hermione asked Scorpius as she grabbed her bag, prepared to leave. "You look deep in thought." "I'm fine," Scorpius answered mechanically. "Just tired." She nodded and stood, putting her bag over her shoulder. "Understandable. I need a hot shower, dinner, and sleep. I told Malfoy we'd be back for brunch." At that, Rose's dad made a face from where he stood in front of the fireplace. "Rose will be up by then." Hermione finished. Ron looked incredibly confused. "We're leaving Rosie here?" Hermione stared at him. "Yes," she answered tightly." They started what looked like a silent argument with their eyes. "Rose is fine where she is." Her dad balked. "Is she? Dinner here is one thing—" "She can't go back to her flat. She won't want to wake up at home or the Burrow. Or with Lily. The Manor, as much as I hate it here, it's safe." She grabbed his hand and started pulling him towards the fireplace. "Besides, Scorpius will be here." Scorpius shifted uncomfortably. "Um?" "'Mione, what's that supposed to—" "For heaven's s—Weasley Residence!" Hermione pushed her husband into the fire and stepped in behind him. They left in a roar of flames. After they left, Scorpius briefly considered going to the kitchen, but decided that he would eat tomorrow. He did not like walking the Manor at night. Malfoy Manor had always left him with mixed feelings. Scorpius had fond memories from his childhood here: running after the pampered peacocks with battle cries, helping his grandmother in the garden, swimming in the lake until his toes froze, flying on his broomstick with Dad cheering him on from the ground. Sometimes they flew together. At the same time, the Manor was a reminder of the fights between his parents, the power struggles between both sides of his family, and the tension between him and his mother. He hadn't been back here in a little over a year, at least not for any significant length of time. Scorpius was checking on Rose one last time when he heard a throat clear behind him. He almost jumped, but calmly turned, only to find his dad standing behind him wearing pyjamas and holding a plate of food. Vegetable curry pies, to be specific. Scorpius eyed the plate suspiciously. "The house elves make curry?" "No, Mini Potter brought it while Granger was working." Scorpius huffed out a laugh as his dad sat the plate on the desk next to the door. Scorpius sat and started eating while his dad took the armchair. His dad said nothing as he ate. The first bite was heaven. So was the second. And so on. A glass of water appeared next to him and Scorpius drank for the first time in hours. His father waited until he was nearly finished before he gestured to the still form in the bed. "How's Rose?" Scorpius drank more water before he answered. "We'll know better when she wakes, but they said the reversal was done successfully. Hermione had me extracting the altered memories for her pensieve to piece them together for clues." Dad looked impressed, but not surprised. "Sounds like Granger has a plan, as always. Oh," He reached into the pocket of his robe and pulled out a Dreamless Draught. "This is for you. Not as potent as Rose's, but just as effective. You never sleep when you're anxious." Scorpius accepted the vial without argument. They were silent. The plate vanished. Scorpius went to untuck Rose's arms from the covers because he knew she would get hot. "Your mother and grandparents think this is a phase," his father said casually, elbow on the arm of his chair. "I happen to know better." "What?" Draco stared at him long and hard; the look, unreadable. He finally said, "She's the first Weasley to sleep in our family home in generations. If ever." Not this again. He took Scorpius' silence as permission to keep talking. "They think she's a phase and one day you'll finally come to your sense, hopefully with enough time to find someone suitable." Scorpius was too brittle for this talk. "It's late and—" He made a frustrated noise when his father got comfortable. "Why are we having this conversation? I thought we agreed to never talk about this." Draco shrugged, shifting his weight in the chair and crossing his legs. "I decided to overturn the decision on the grounds of being a good parent." He finished his water. "I have it under control." At that, he snorted pretentiously. "Do you now." He drawled. "I happened to see the look on your face at lunch when Rose mentioned her friend Quincy. The one coming the day after tomorrow. You're jealous." Scorpius grimaced, knowing just how the cogs in his dad's head turned. He had always a well-balanced child, not prone to dramatics like the rest of the men in his family—Father included (if his well-timed entrances and exits said anything). The histrionic bitterness that had momentarily crept up the back of his neck when Rose first mentioned Quincy at lunch was so uncharacteristic, he was embarrassed. It had been the same feeling that snuck up on him when they'd arrived at the rave and returned when he spotted them on the dance floor together. With everything that had happened, he hadn't had a moment to process the night. Not that he wanted to. Unfortunately, Dad hadn't missed anything. Logically, theoretically, and academically, Scorpius knew what it was. Jealousy. Just thinking the word made him cringe. It was patently ridiculous. Quincy wasn't the first wizard to show interest in Rose; he wouldn't be the last. She'd had many, many boyfriends. He felt childish and that just wouldn't do. And yet… Scorpius brushed his hair out his face. He'd pointedly forgotten all those feelings when he'd gotten the Patronus message from the Hospital. He couldn't afford to add that to the growing mountain of problems. There was a time and a place for everything, sentiments were a low priority. "Can we just—" At the pinched look on Scorpius' face, his dad almost looked sympathetic. Almost. "It was only noticeable to me because I've seen that pinched look a few times before – the most memorable being the time you wanted to be a house-elf." "I was four and liked how they just vanished and reappeared all the—I am not discussing this right now, dad." He grabbed the Dreamless Draught, prepared to make his escape to his bedroom. "You're avoiding." "It's not that," Scorpius kept his tone levelled. "There are more important matters. I'm sure you haven't forgotten the murderer in the hospital or that Rose is being investigated." "Details," his father drawled. "I just don't happen to see them lurking in the corner of this room, waiting for us to leave so they can finish what they started." His dad's eyes probed harder. Scorpius shifted, even more uncomfortable. "I would think after everything that's happened; you'd be more willing to have this conversation." "It's not necessary." "Isn't it?" Dad tilted his head slightly to the side. "She's managed to catch the attention of someone who isn't afraid to kill with a weapon we know nothing about. Granger isn't stupid. She knows where this is headed, which is what she's prepping for. You know how this is going to resolve itself." Scorpius winced, hackles rising sharply. Oh, he knew. It was the most logical conclusion, after all. He couldn't think because it made him sick to his stomach. There were so many variables to solve for and mysteries to unravel. They could bypass the predicted resolution if they moved quickly, focusing on one thing at a time. "Dad, I get this enough from Al. It has to wait." "Mini Potter knows?" He looked wildly amused. "There's nothing to know. Rose and I are friends. End of story." "Is it?" His father's tone frustrated him. "I'm an adult." "And sometimes adults need fatherly advice." Draco's face sobered. "Here's mine: stop prioritising and strategizing. Ignore the logic and take a risk. I know you like cast-iron certainty, but in matters like this, you're never going to get it. Emotions very rarely ever work that way and Rose is already…unpredictable, at best." Scorpius frowned thoughtfully. "I hear what you're saying, but I just can't. She's my be—" "Albus is your best friend—something his father and I find extremely ironic. Rose is, and has always been, something entirely different. I've known it since Granger sent me that picture of you two huddled in front of the fire during your first trip to the Burrow." He remembered that night. Al, James, and Lily were catching fireflies with their parents. Hugo was inside showing pictures to his dad and grandfather. Molly Weasley's singing could be heard from the open kitchen window. He and Rose were behind the Burrow, sitting on a blanket a safe distance from the open fire they all had been roasting marshmallows in not two hours before. Scorpius had been reading a book, enjoying the quiet, when he realised Rose had fallen asleep with her head resting in his lap. Curiously, he set aside the book and peered down. All he remembered was thinking about was how red her hair looked in the fire light. Unconsciously, he ran experimental fingers through it once. Twice. Three times. That was the shot Hermione had captured. He hadn't even noticed her off to the side of the campfire, camera in hand. Back when she'd given him a copy of the picture, he hadn't thought much of it and given it to his dad. He was twelve. He didn't understand complicated emotions. Now, Scorpius found himself wondering if that had been when she went from being Al's wild and unruly cousin to something much more. Different. Or was it at fourteen and dancing like lunatics on an Australian beach during high tide? Or at fifteen when Rose refused to leave his side after he'd taken a bludger to the back during Ravenclaw's match against Hufflepuff? A heavy silence fell between Scorpius and his father. Scorpius went to the window and stared into the darkness, eyes straining. The night seemed to constrict around him, until all he could hear was the sound of his dad's fingers tapping, the shush of Rose's breathing, and his own hammering heart. Scorpius didn't like the feeling. As he'd told Al repeatedly, it was easier to ignore his emotions and go on as they had been. Scorpius liked what they had and wasn't willing to risk it. He had never been the type that allowed his feelings to rule out his good sense. And what Dad was suggesting was completely illogical. Rose was his best friend. He had upgraded her from 'friend' to 'best friend' the night he returned from Christmas dinner with his mother's family where they'd spent the entire evening planning his life, right down to what NEWTs he would take the following year. Al was in Egypt, so he'd gone to Rose's house to hide. In the silence, he'd started talking, telling her more about his frustrations with his mother's family than he'd ever told Al. When he finished, Rose moved to stand behind him, wrapping them both in her hideous dancing sloth blanket. Her arms were around him tightly as she hugged him close, her hair tickling his neck. Rose smelled like the sour watermelon candy she kept hidden from her mother. He shuffled closer to her and exhaled all the tension he'd been holding for hours. It felt like hours before she fiercely said, "No one can tell you who you are or who you will become." He'd turned after she spoke, taking in her quiet intensity on that cold porch. Rose stared back, her brown eyes and red hair seemed to shine in the near darkness. Scorpius absently shifted in her embrace, bringing his hand to her cheek as Rose pressed their foreheads together, closing her eyes, breathing with him. He remembered how hard his heart had pounded, his hands trembled. His mind went white hot as he stood at the edge of the abyss and— Scorpius closed his eyes tight at the memory, exhaling sharply and resting his head against the cool glass. He was a damn fool if he thought that he could keep telling himself that what he felt that night – and every moment thereafter – was platonic. Furthermore, he was damn idiot if he thought he could keep it up forever. And yet, he said, "Dad, I can't." "You can," Draco told him, sounding as confident as Scorpius felt rattled. He looked over his shoulder at his father, who said, "Time to gamble." "And if I lose?" His father grinned mysteriously. It was honestly unsettling. "You won't." Scorpius chuckled wryly, attempting to swallow his nerves and panic. "I aspire to have your confidence." He turned his back fully to the window and pulled out his wand to check her vitals. "You're entirely too happy about this. It's not as if the timing has improved. I—" "Right now, no. It's not. However, you're not ignoring it." Dad shot him a rather sardonic look. "I'm not thrilled about the possibility of being tied to the Weasleys any more than I already am, but she's the most interesting of the lot and, more importantly, it'll drive your mother positively mad." They both laughed. Scorpius felt lightheaded and nauseated. His dad stood to leave. "I'm going to make sure the library is ready for Hurricane Granger." And he was gone, just as quietly as he'd come. Scorpius practised his breathing before he checked on Rose one last time. After noting her normal vitals and temperature, he started to go back to his room, but thought about his father had said. Take a gamble. Perhaps tomorrow. Tonight, Scorpius was exhausted beyond comprehension. It was the kind of complete fatigue that tugged at his eyelids and leaned on his heart, unrelenting until he found peace that only sleep could provide. He stared at Rose thoughtfully, wondering just how she would react to waking up alone. He already knew. She would never let him hear the end of it. Scorpius sighed and rubbed his face. He made short work of kicking off his shoes and lying on top of the covers next to her. She kicked in her sleep and her feet were always cold. Rose snuffed in her sleep when he draped an arm over her. Rolling onto his side for comfort, he adjusted his pillow with his free arm and took one, two, three restorative breaths as he processed the conversation with his dad. Emotion had never dictated his actions. If given too much credit, good or bad, emotions could exaggerate a situation. Emotional people tended to do things that were not in their best interest. He knew this. Understood it like he understood the concept of wand cores or genetics with respects to the probability of a Pureblood child being born a Squib. And yet, here he was, on the cusp of doing something reckless. But his father was right. Scorpius had to do something. Maybe not now, but at some point, he would need to verbalise the emotions that filled him to the point of overflow. Before he broke. Before he drowned. Before he did something stupid. He closed his eyes. He hated feeling that way. However, what Scorpius hated most of all was that, no matter how analytical he was or how he successfully rationalised his every action, emotions were always there, lurking. He couldn't justify them, hide them, or force them away. Emotions demanded to be felt, recognised, and processed. No matter how hard Scorpius tried to escape, he didn't. He couldn't. He wouldn't. And as it turned out, Scorpius didn't need a potion. He fell right asleep. Scorpius slept the sleep of the dead. If he dreamed at all, he didn't remember. In fragmented stages, he returned to a reality where he could hear the rain tapping against the window. The room was dark but warm enough to keep him relaxed and strangely content, despite being on the edge of the bed. Next to him, Rose—no longer still as death—monopolised the rest of the bed; snoring loud and long like an angry Hungarian Horntail with her back pressed against his front, blankets long gone. Scorpius could feel her cold feet through the fabric of his trousers. Because he wasn't ready to move, Scorpius shifted closer to decrease the likelihood of her shoving him off the bed. Again. It was comforting in an odd sort of way, perhaps because it reassured him to know that, in some ways, things were still normal. Scorpius stared at the back of her dishevelled head. It seemed that during the night, a calm permeated his skin and bones, expelling the stress and agitation from the previous day. It was the sort of serenity that came with fortitude. He thought of the night he told the family of his post-Hogwarts plans. For Scorpius, that had been his first touch of freedom; of being his own person on his own journey. And though he had been afraid, mainly of failure, Scorpius had known he was doing the right thing. That moment for him had been epic, as immense and overwhelming as time and space. The same feeling filled him again. Sleep attempted to take Scorpius once more and would have succeeded had he not heard Rose's snoring cease. She was awake. She stretched, extending her arms and legs to their fullest as she murmured something too low for Scorpius to hear and shifted toward the centre of the bed. Scorpius moved as well, just from the edge. Rose rolled so they were face to face. Her eyes were bloodshot, and she looked far paler than usual. As a Healer, he had a hundred questions. As a friend, he asked none. Before he could move, Rose's hand found his and held it firmly, not grasping. Her eyes soon fluttered shut and her breathing evened. They were quiet together. Her quiet greatly contrasted his, which was contemplative and probing. Rose was comfortable in a way he hadn't seen since Hogwarts—or better yet, since she'd woken in tears from memories that weren't her own. The reversal had been a success. Scorpius exhaled the breath he didn't realise he'd been holding and relaxed, shutting his eyes and listening to the rain; no lightning or thunder disturbed the calm between them. "Waffles." The silence-destroying declaration was confident; as if she'd found a cure for Dragon Pox. "With a side of waffles." Scorpius opened his eyes. Rose still looked serene. "What?" "I'm thinking about breakfast. I'm starving." "Hm," he intoned dryly. "I'm surprised there was no mention of sausages." "It was implied." Scorpius smiled. "Luckily for you, the Manor is hosting brunch." Rose's eyes remained shut, but her nose scrunched with suspicion. "Hosting who?" "A few people: Potters, your parents, Hugo—" She shot up like a lightning bolt, stiffly scrambling into a seated position with her legs crossed, hair like a lion's mane. Her legs were still unsteady. "Back up, my parents?" He sat up a bit slower, scooting back to lean against the headboard. Scorpius had spied the uncomfortable look on her face from her quick actions and determined he'd have a look at her ankle. "Yes, your parents." Scorpius glanced at his watch. It was after eleven in the morning; the storm clouds had made him think it was later. Still, brunch would start soon. "My father invited them yesterday when they were here." "My dad was here?" Rose asked slowly. "With your dad? Alone?" When Scorpius nodded, she made a face that made him crack a wide grin. "So…how bad was the damage?" "Surprisingly, there was none." She was unconvinced, for good reason. "Your dad was preoccupied with you being unconscious." Rose smiled tranquilly like she'd remembered a good dream. "Your dad's Dreamless Draught is brilliant." "I'll make sure to tell him," he replied. "How's your head?" "'M fine." she yawned, scratching the back of her head. "No memories or—I feel like myself again. A bit of a headache, though, but Mum's a genius." "She had help. Healer Patil." Rose winced. "That bad?" He nodded. She chewed on her lip, looking rather sombre, "Have you seen it?" It took a moment for him to realise what she was talking about. Scorpius nodded. "Your mum has the drawing. She's never seen it before, but took your memories with her for clues…" He trailed off with a shrug, not knowing what else to say. Rose looked toward the window where the rain hadn't let up. Scorpius wondered what was on her mind; her mood had darkened like the clouds outside. Rose carefully drew her knees into her chest one at a time, looking smaller, younger; eyes glued to the swaying trees outside. He wondered if everything had caught up to her; if she was as overwhelmed as he'd felt yesterday. Or maybe not. The stiffness in her shoulders on anyone might have meant anxiety or agitation. And the way the corners of her mouth had turned down, on someone else, may have meant they were upset. But Rose was thinking—or trying to. After all, she was wound tight. At any given moment, Scorpius expected her to snap. Scorpius left Rose to her thoughts, grabbing his wand. He opened the door, prepared to slip out, only to come face-to-face with Albus, who had his fist up, ready to knock. He was dressed properly in denims and a long-sleeved navy jumper, likely his sister's influence; he'd even managed to tame his hair. "Um?" Slightly confused was Al's default face. "Morning, Al." "Mum sent me to wake Rose for brunch. Everyone is here. Actually, she sent Lily, but I knew that would only end with screaming and hexes." That was true. Scorpius gestured to Rose, who hadn't moved. "She's thinking." "Ah, how is she?" "Physically? Back to normal. Mentally?" He shrugged. He didn't have an answer. As well and long as he'd known Rose, Scorpius had never been able to get a good read on her when she was like that. He never could when Rose guarded herself. "I hope there are waffles, for everyone's sake." "I'll wait for her. You shower. Brunch starts in fifteen minutes." Al joined his cousin on the bed, not making any quick movements. He said something inaudible and Rose rested her head on Al's shoulder in a rare display of affection. Al and Rose were extremely close and had been all their lives – only three months apart in age. By the time Scorpius had met them, they were finishing each other's sentences and having entire conversations with just a few pointed facial expressions. They had drifted apart slightly during the first two years of Hogwarts; simply because of their different houses and Al's massive popularity, which Rose never seemed to care for, but right before Third Year, they'd settled their differences and returned to being inseparable. However, despite being close, neither were particularly affectionate with each other outside of forced hugs and photos at family events. Come to think of it, none of the Potter and Weasley kids were. It likely had something to do with their family's 'hug it out' method of conflict resolution. When he'd visited the Burrow, it had been commonplace to see one, two, three—or one memorable time—four cousins and/or siblings in the living room, hugging with red and splotchy angry faces. It was one of the reasons Scorpius was glad to be an only child. Al scooted closer and rested his cheek on the top of her head. Scorpius left them, venturing down the hall to his room where he showered, dressing in warm trousers and grey jumper Al's mum had bought him last Christmas. He dried his hair, not bothering to style it any better than usual, and summoned his glasses. Scorpius put on shoes and went downstairs to brunch. Brunch was lively, full of conversation and banter, but tame in comparison to Sunday's at the Burrow. At the Burrow, meals were chaotic at best. Molly and Arthur had six living adult children who—sans Charlie—had spouses and children; some of the grandchildren had spouses and babies of their own. Scorpius, being one of the few outsiders with a standing invitation, typically spent an inordinate amount of time watching from the only quiet corner in the room until Al would drag him into an argument with any given Weasley cousin. It felt strange to be huddled around the table without Molly Weasley fussing and Arthur Weasley showing off his Muggle collection of odds and ins. Strange without the little cousins—still too young for Hogwarts—running around. Brunch at the Manor was just as loud, but orderly; with house-elves supplying the food and drinks without being seen. His grandparents weren't present; Grandmother was preparing for the Gala tomorrow and Grandfather was being fitted for new dress robes. Without them, conversation flowed freely. As the host, Dad sat at the head of the table with Harry and Hermione on both sides. He drank coffee while spying a nearby lardy cake; his sweet tooth was terrible. Potters and Weasleys were mixed around the rest of the table with Scorpius between Lily and Hugo. There were at least five conversations happening simultaneously while they ate. Everything seemed normal. His father, Harry, and Hermione were discussing everything from security for the to the best way to slip to the library without his grandmother's knowledge. Dad had provided blueprints of the Manor, much to Hermione's delight. Hugo and Ginny were chatting about art school; Hugo's ears pink with embarrassment as he didn't care much for talking about himself. James was trying to convince Al to take his girlfriend's flatmate to the Gala. Al refused. Ron was reading the morning Prophet for news on his old team, The Cannons. Lily was talking to Scorpius about dress for the Gala while Scorpius—well, he was passing water down to Rose so she wouldn't choke to death on the low carb waffle Lily was forcing her to eat. No one discussed the massive elephant in the room. Which was fine. "It's good, yes?" Lily asked her cousin hopefully. Scorpius thought that was the stupidest question she'd ever asked. Rose, after all, was waiting to argue. "I'd rather chew on rocks. In fact, I'm going to eat bacon and Lily, if you try to stop me, they will not find your body—" "No threats at the table," Ron said, not looking up from The Prophet he studied intensely. It was a good rule; one of eight they'd established over the years. Not to mention, the one most frequently broken. Rose polished off three pieces of bacon in short order while Lily, now fully distracted from describing her dress, looked on in abject horror; James in amazement. "Want some sausages?" he asked, ready to pass the plate just to see how many Rose would eat before Lily snapped. Lily swatted his hand. "Don't you dare, you miscreant." She pushed a plate of berries towards Rose. "Henrietta said you need to watch what you eat because of the potions." A valid point, but Scorpius refused to get involved so he sipped his coffee and cut a slice of spinach quiche. "I have a list of places where Henrietta can go. The first one is hell." "No cursing." Hermione said without missing a beat, pointing at something on the Blueprint that made his father nod. "It's a place, so that invalidates the rule." Rose argued. Hermione and Ginny exchanged looks. "We'll allow it," Ginny looked at her niece. "This time." Rose sulked and scowled at Lily, but ate the berries. "I'm in charge of exercising your ankle and getting you into shape." Lily reminded her. "I didn't agree to that last part!" "It's part of your healing process." She waved her cousin off, looking scarily excited. It was almost electric. "I drafted a diet plan and six-week exercise regimen, well I did ask Healer Hodgens for tips and advice. She's a Ravenclaw from Teddy's year. She told me that…" Scorpius stopped listening. He knew of the Healer, but their paths never crossed. Hodgens was a Physical Therapist that worked with bedridden patients in the Long-term care ward. There weren't enough potions on the market to stop their muscles from developing atrophy. Rose groaned dramatically. "I'm going to die." "Do try to not die on the rugs," his dad dryly quipped. "They're older than England." Harry almost choked on his juice. James did choke. Suddenly, Ron slammed his fist on the table and jumped out of his seat in celebration. Everyone looked at him with various degrees of bemusement; like he'd gone completely nutters. Ginny spilled her tea in surprise and Hugo helped quickly Vanish it away. "We got Alan Cresswell!" He was a Seeker from America who was being heavily scouted by multiple European teams. The Cannons needed all the help they could get. Ron continued celebrating, giving Hermione a loud kiss on the cheek that made her roll her eyes, but smile to herself. "This is it! The year of the Cannons! I said it first!" Everyone groaned loud, long, and dramatic. James pretended to fall out his chair. Dad rolled his eyes. "No Quidditch at the table." Lily and Ginny said simultaneously, then laughed. Ron sat down with a long-suffering sigh and sulked so much like Rose, it was eerie. And hilarious. So much that Al swapped seats with Rose so the two could sulk together and share the last two pieces of bacon. Like father, like daughter. Scorpius finished and excused himself to Fire-call Henrietta. The hospital was quiet; no suspicious activities. That wasn't a surprise. He updated her on Rose's condition, but only after she asked. After all, Henrietta had been her Healer. From her tone, she still wasn't pleased with them both, but Scorpius hoped she would come to understand. He doubted it. She was obstinate to the end. After the call, Scorpius evaded his grandmother, who was finalising decorations in the ballroom. He thought about retreating to his bedroom for a much needed quiet, but found himself sitting on the veranda with a notebook and quill. During brunch, the rain clouds had dissipated, leaving the sun that dried everything just enough. Even with the sun out, it was cold enough to need a warming charm, or perhaps a jacket, but Scorpius didn't bother. He had a problem to solve. Scorpius preferred to think and reflect; to turn ideas over repeatedly in his head until he was certain of every angle, every edge, and every imperfection. He preferred difficult puzzles and problems, enjoying the feeling he got while working them out. He'd fold back layer after layer, dissecting every nuance, mentally noting each little detail. Scorpius enjoyed the flash of insight; the fleeting yet powerful glimpse of the deep, underlying structure of the puzzle itself. His current puzzle was problematic as introduced an untested variable: feelings. No matter how hard he worked, what angle he took; Scorpius could not solve it. The fact that it was unsolvable made Scorpius realise that matters of the heart were not congruent with science. The heart was not a riddle to be solved. It was a muscle; given far too much responsibility in the realm of love. In the simplest of definitions, the heart pumped blood through the body, supplying oxygen and nutrients to the tissues. The issue was the brain. "What are you doing?" Scorpius looked up from his notes at Albus. "Everything okay?" How long had he been standing there? Perhaps it was better left unknown. Al had on a coat and his hair had been forced into a hat. "Fine, all things considered. Aunt Hermione is tearing through the library with your dad and my mum. Hugo left with James, Uncle Ron, and my dad. Rose is talking to Jane in the Floo. Lily's looking for you. I told her you were helping your grandmother with decorations." That would keep her occupied. "Thanks." Al shrugged as if he hadn't done Scorpius a favour. "Anytime, but you still didn't answer my question. What are you doing?" Briefly, he considered lying, but thought better. Not because of some misguided sense of morality, but because Scorpius happened to be a horrible on-the-spot liar. "I sat down to work on using mathematical concepts and probability to predict the presence of particular emotions, but somehow I ended up at the heart is a muscle." He finished lamely. Al's mouth moved as he tried repeat and process his answer, but Scorpius saw the exact moment the lights went out and Al gave up. "I'm only asking because I'm your best mate, but have you been in your dad's Elf-wine again? You know wine makes you—" "No," Scorpius answered sharply. In large quantities, Elf-wine made him introspective to the point of self-destructive. He was getting a headache. He sighed, rubbing his temples. "I happen to be listening to your ridiculous advice. Not now, of course, but at some point, in the future. Far in the future." His best friend looked confused to the point of exasperation. "My ridiculous…" Then, it finally dawned on Al. He froze, his expression falling into astonished shock. "Bloody hell." "That's exactly where I am: hell." "What—wait, so were you trying to calculate feelings?" Al asked incredulously. He probably would have laughed loudly had Scorpius not sat there, stone-faced. He only managed to smother his amusement a bit under his glare. "Mate, you know better than anyone that how you feel about Rose is not a mathematical unit." Scorpius knew that, and—well, he wasn't trying to quantify his feelings for her, but vice versa. That part he'd neglected to tell Albus because the ridicule would be far too great for his already fragile ego. It was inane, but Scorpius had to try to decipher it the same way he did everything else in hopes that he could solve the problem as he'd done before. In that moment, he wondered if this was the beginning of his fall from sanity, but when he looked down at the pages upon pages of notes he'd written, Scorpius realised he had long since fallen. Al sat down next to him, awkwardly patting his shoulder twice to comfort him. "You're too damn logical; always thinking." He wasn't lying. For hours, Scorpius had been weighing his options. What if this, what if that? If this, then that. What? Who? When? Where? Why? Deliberating and mulling over everything so much and so hard that his head hurt. He hadn't managed to accomplish anything. "Get out of your own head, mate." Scorpius chuckled ruefully, "I'll need a drink for that to be possible." "Too much and you'll be an emotional wreck…and not just the analytical wreck that you are now. I've never seen anyone treat love like an Arithmancy problem. Professor Vector would be impressed…or terrified, I can't decide." Likely impressed. Vector recommended Scorpius to teach the subject once he retired. Al mused on, "Usually, we tend to get drunk enough to blurt out our feelings and deal with the consequences later. Or we wait for her to first snog us silly." Scorpius closed his notebook, placing his quill on top. Neither option sounded like the brightest idea. But wait. Scorpius narrowed his eyes at his best friend, "Who is this 'we'?" Al opened his mouth to answer, but shut his mouth, thoughtfully pursing his lips. "I'm realising that the men in my family aren't the best role models, at least when it comes expressing themselves. My dad is—well, my dad. And Uncle Ron has the emotional range of a teaspoon, or at least what Aunt Hermione says." That was an understatement. "I have to ask," Al leaned back in his chair, picking at his cuticles. "Why now?" Scorpius sighed. "It's a long story that involves curry pies, my dad's strategic skulking, and statistics." His best friend cracked his knuckles, looking engaged. "This sounds like a two-snack story." Scorpius shoved him in the arm as he laughed and rolled his eyes. "You just ate." Al shrugged. "Details." "Besides, it's not a long story. My dad caught me off guard, told me Rose wasn't my best friend, and that it was time to gamble." Al whistled low and impressed. "I didn't expect that." "I should have," Scorpius absently checked his watch, not really looking at the time, but rather trying to figure out what to do with his hands. He had never been good at verbally expressing himself, especially where emotions were concerned. Scorpius felt hot despite the cold weather and his head pounded on. "My dad has dramatic entrances and exits down perfectly. Not to mention, he framed the picture Hermione took of me and Rose ages ago and put it on my desk during Fourth Year. Now I realise that it was a message." Al rubbed the back of his head. "So, he approves?" Dad rarely acted without purpose; never overtly involving himself in Scorpius' love life. Not like he had last night and not nearly as direct. Rose wasn't the first witch to catch Scorpius' attention. From Third Year, when he'd gotten his first girlfriend, until a year ago when he'd broken up with the Cecilia Vane; Dad hadn't responded to any of them outside a well-timed 'hm' as if they were a particularly interesting flobberworm. He never objected, like Mother, or spoke ill about any of them. Dad was the only one to let him figure it out on his own; much like he had with everything else. For some reason, his father broke tradition. "I believe he…" Scorpius cleared his throat. "He's not excited, but he likes Rose, so he hasn't questioned my sanity." "Not like you have, I'm sure." Al laughed and dodged Scorpius's half-hearted punch. "I've told you a million times to tell Rose, so let me bask in my victory." Scorpius frowned. "Are you finished?" "Just one question," his best friend still looked pleased with himself. Scorpius wanted to punch the smile off his face. "Any idea on how Rose feels about you?" He should have confessed from the start because Al had figured it out anyway. The unsolvable problem. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: I have not done one of these in ages, but God I've missed all this. Pretty sure no one is paying attention to any of this, but I've seen every message and review over the years and I thank you all for the love, especially over Broken. I had no idea the far reach of that story. As for me, loads of stuff has happened in my life: got a new and busy job, moved, met a guy, got a new job, fell in love, got another job that moved us halfway across the county, became his wife. That's an extremely washed down version. I swear this story has haunted me for years, with friends (you know who you are) yelling for me to finish. Shout out to my beta. You rock. Well, here I am. Finishing. I hate incomplete things and it's driven me half crazy leaving this one as a WIP. I'm not even sure when the writer's block broke, but I sat down one weekend while I wasn't working and just cranked out 12 pages, like that. And here we are. I was gonna split this in half, but was too lazy to do it in the end. I'm currently 15 pages into the next chapter and I have so many ideas and whatnot floating around in my head that it's crazy. Here's to hoping it's not another 5 years before the next chapter. I hope whoever reads this enjoys it.
Sometimes it feels like the side that I'm on Plays the toughest hand, holds the longest stand Sometimes it feels like I'm all that they've got It's so hard to know I'm not what they want I'm not their hero But that doesn't mean that I wasn't brave I never walked the party line Doesn't mean that I was never afraid Not Your Hero: Tegan & Sara Chapter Nine: Not Their Hero Rose was a woman on the brink. Of what? The likely culprit was insanity. She couldn't stop thinking, feeling, remembering; her scattered thoughts kept her awake long into the night. After finding Scorpius asleep with his face stuck to the pages of a book on symbiotic magic, Rose tried to find peace of mind on the veranda overlooking the Manor's Gardens that was lit up in all its night-time glory. It was bitterly cold outside, but not snowing. Despite having nothing but pyjamas and a thick jumper, Rose was warm under the charms. It was all very zen with the star-speckled sky and crescent moon, not to mention the light nature sounds coming from the garden. She sat with her legs folded. Maybe it was enough to lull her to sleep, but deep down she knew it wasn't. Had it really happened? Had it been a nightmare? She wished. Once upon a time, Rose craved adventure. Her life wasn't exciting—well, her definition of excitement involved nearly being murdered every year. Or petrified. Or cursed. Detentions in the Forbidden Forest? Yes please. Who could blame her with all the stories she'd grown up on? Hogwarts was rather dull, despite the initial tizzy she caused by being the first Weasley ever sorted into Slytherin and the new recordholder for the longest hatstall. When she graduated, Rose stepped out the protective bubble her parents had created and into the real world that cared far too much about every move Rose made. Simply because she was a Weasley. It was too much. Too judgemental. Too invasive. How was she supposed to figure out the rest of her life at seventeen? At eighteen? At twenty-one? Being part of a famous and successful family wasn't ideal. She craved an existence with normal friends and problems; where she was allowed to figure things out like a normal person. She wanted to live without wondering which action would end up in the papers; wanted to be who she was with very little expectation. A life without the world's criticism. At some point between feeling the Cruciatus curse for the first time and her argument with Henrietta, Rose realised that she was wishing for the impossible. And that had been a tough pill to swallow. Normality was an impossibility for her. Like eternal life or deciding not to breathe; it wasn't possible. She would forever be the granddaughter, daughter, and niece of…heroes. She would forever be observed and scrutinized like a specimen. It was what it was. While Rose didn't necessarily like it, she accepted it. As far as she was concerned, that was enough growth and change for an entire lifetime. No need to rock the boat or delve any deeper. She was determined to maintain her status quo and not let her mind wander into uncharted territory. So, Rose preoccupied herself: she talked to Bangs and played exploding snap with Hugo. She circumvented Lily and Narcissa Malfoy; the latter wanted her help decorating for the Gala while the former threatened a shopping trip for dress robes. When her mind turned to deeper thoughts, Rose went to the library and spent hours buried in books with Mum, Aunt Ginny, and Mr. Draco. Scorpius and Al joined right around the time she'd seen Hugo's drawing of the dagger and begged off for tea with Mr. Malfoy because she couldn't breathe. Scorpius had said that his grandfather had mellowed in his old age. Oh, he was horribly traditional and had many, many opinions about Mr Draco's business and Scorpius being a Healer, but at least he wasn't as fanatical about blood purity. Right? He'd lost that war. Twice. Mr. Malfoy never said much to Rose, but always spoke to her mum at length. Probably because he was still looking for the witch in Mum's ancestry. Scorpius had found his detailed notes during Christmas break Fourth Year. There were far too many arrows and names with lines through them for Scorpius to comprehend, but Rose understood it perfectly. Still, Rose figured it was safer to take tea with him than stare at Hugo's drawing. She realised her tactical mistake when Mr Malfoy shot her a very calculating look before he asked a few very pointed questions about her fifteen-year life plan. "Miss Weasley." He sounded like a pure aristocrat, with a more lyrical pitch to his voice. Rose's eyebrow lifted in question. He took it as an indication that he could continue. "Pray tell, do you plan on joining the Department of Magical Law Enforcement?" His tone had put her on edge, but she kept her face and body language neutral, even unreadable. She knew better than to underestimate Mr Malfoy. Not only that, but she had no idea the purpose behind his question, nor could she predict where the conversation would go. There always was a way to figure out everything one needed to know without asking directly. So, Rose replied to him like a chess game. "Not in any lifetime." Checkmate. He nodded once in amusement and Rose thought was the end of it. Five minutes later, at the end of her first cup of tea, Mr Malfoy asked, "Do you have an investment portfolio?" She had an account at Gringotts that was set up by Grandpa Weasley, if that was what he meant. It wasn't. Rose rubbed her temples slowly, trying to maintain her zen. Nothing worked. Without Dreamless Draught, her mind was running wild, screaming into the night. She couldn't sleep. Worse than that, she felt naked in a way she hated. Rose could lie during the day, but couldn't lie to the night. Nor could she continue to shake the feeling inside her. It rolled in like fog. Without warning or announcement, Rose sensed it. And it refused to leave until it finished making her a bumbling mess of stress and anxiety. She closed her eyes, briefly, because all she could see was glowing red and it made her sick. "Crisp?" Swearing, Rose flailed so hard—and in all directions—she nearly slapped the intruder in the face. She was about to swear more, but stopped when she realised it was Hugo…and he looked as if he'd been sitting there a while. Hugo was quiet like that. Mum had said that Rose talked so much that by the time Hugo reached the age of speech milestones, he'd refused to speak. To their frustration, he looked to Rose to be his mouthpiece and she happily took the role. As they had grown older—and Hugo taller—she'd stopped communicating for him. Not because he'd become particularly loquacious, but because Rose could no longer speak the language of his mind. Hugo remembered everything, only came around for a purpose, and spoke when he truly wanted to be heard. His presence was no accident. Rose sighed, but accepted a handful of crisps for what they were: a conversation starter. They obviously hadn't come from the kitchens. "James bought them for me earlier." She ate one crisp after another until her hand was empty. "Get out of my head, Hugo." Rose warned, unable to shake the stress and exhaustion from her tone. "It's not safe." "Is it ever?" He looked almost serene in the near darkness. His long, gangly legs were comfortably stretched out in front of him; unkempt red hair looked paler in the light on the veranda. He wore a snug jumper, but had on shorts because his legs were always hot. All was silent between them before he said, "Personal growth must be extremely distressing for you." Her hackles instantly went up. She despised when Hugo intruded on her thoughts like the unwelcomed guest he was. Rose clinched her fists and took several cleansing breaths before she answered, "Seems like you've been reading mum's books again." Hugo barked out a quick, sharp laugh. "No, but I find it interesting how—" Bloody hell. "—everything is in constant motion, even the objects that seem eternally fixed." He popped another crisp into his mouth, crunching audibly. "Like you." "I'm not…" Rose sighed to the sky as she tried to articulate. "I have changed…fuck." She was right back in the uncharted waters. Even before the 'Meet and Duel' with the St. Mungo's Slasher, Rose had changed. Grown. Her flat had real furniture. She made a difference as Lavender's assistant and that alone kept her ennui at bay. Rose kept out of the news and trouble. Hell, she'd even made a friend or two. Her relationship with her mum had improved to the point where Rose no longer wanted to run screaming into the woods and live her life out as a hermit. With her brother munching away on crisps in her right ear, Rose admitted that she'd changed so naturally since starting at St. Mungo's that she barely noticed. Obviously, self-improvement hadn't killed her, so why bother avoiding change? Truthfully, she had rebelled so hard against everything for so long that defiance was all she knew. The real lesson she'd learned in her moment of self-reflection was that she couldn't fight change and win. It was happening, whether she wanted it to or not. And that stung; to know she was forever sailing into new storms—and new phases in life—not knowing just how different she would be on the other side. Rose didn't feel different even after acknowledging all the changes she'd made. She was the same person she'd always been: outwardly cynical, inwardly insecure, constantly oscillating between cooperation and confrontation. But she'd just lost her first fight, her confidence was shaken, and outside of describing the dagger to Hugo, Rose hadn't decided who was going to be the captain of the ship: Old Rose or New Rose. Hugo had been right, though. Personal development was the worst. "Up until…well, right now, any change you've made has largely been a trial and error process that you've never cared for." Hugo shook the bag, seeming to be on the hunt for a crisp. He made a little noise as he retrieved what he'd been looking for: the perfect crisp. He held it up to his face, examining it closely. "Or it's been forced on you by mum." "Mum is the driving force in my life." She was not happy about that, either. Hugo offered her the perfect crisp and Rose accepted it, popping it into her mouth and taking her mounting frustration out on it with aggressive chewing. "Sometimes mum does know best." "I have several photos of us in her knitted creations that say otherwise." He almost choked, coughing and sputtering until she took pity on him and whacked him on the back until he complained. "Jesus, Rose." "I saved your life so now it's your turn," she said petulantly. "My only wish is that you make mum focus some of her endless energy on you." Hugo guffawed. "She won't. I've never kept her up at night worrying about my future." "I never asked her to." After he rubbed the back of his head, Hugo turned to her with serious blue eyes. Whatever he was about to say next was a trap. "I think she finds it hard to believe that someone who earned NEWTs in every subject they sat for hasn't found their passion." Rose didn't take the bait. "Be that as it may, in under five months, I'll win our bet and she won't ever get to corner me with Pea Soup for the Witch's Soul." "You think you're going to make it?" He didn't sound very confident. Which was fair, considering her track record. "I am," Rose exhaled, hoping she wouldn't regret her honesty in the long run. Hugo remembered every conversation, every argument, and always waited until the perfect moment to make her pay for his memory. Maybe that time she'd have the last laugh. "Perhaps I'll make it longer." "Think you could make it through Healer Academy?" Rose shot him a look in return. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves." "In your owls, you seemed pretty passionate about it." "I said I enjoyed it," she clarified, "My boss has a low level of tolerance for vanity and stupidity that I understand on a deep level." That wasn't the answer he was looking for. "That's it?" Rose just shrugged, refusing to give him a millimetre more. Hugo bumped his shoulder against hers gently. "Do you know why I study art?" "No, but you're going to tell me." She yawned for dramatic effect. And he ignored her. "Yes, I study art, not just because it enhances my observational skills and it's the way we communicate our identities in a material way, but because it allows you to know how life was in the past and how humanity has evolved and changed. That's my passion. I want to be a curator and exhibit art from periods of time people are too ashamed to revisit. I was expecting a longer answer from you about why you enjoy your work, but that didn't happen, so I'll simply ask: what are you passionate about?" "Kebabs." "Anything else?" "Waffles." He shoulder-bumped her again. "Anything not food related?" Rose opened her mouth to tell him to bugger off, but the words got stuck. The truth was that she interested in everything, liked loads of things, loved a few, and was passionate about nothing. Absolutely nothing. Twenty-one years old, and Rose had yet to find something—anything that filled her with such intensity that she would sacrifice everything to succeed. Mum was reforming the Ministry from top to bottom. Dad had achieved all three of his childhood passions: he fought Death Eaters with Uncle Harry after the War, played professional Quidditch for the Cannons before she and Hugo were born, and built an empire at Weasley Wizard Wheezes with Uncle George. Scorpius was set to rise in the ranks at the hospital, Al was on his way to stepping out of his father's shadow in the Auror Department, Hugo had his art, and even Lily had her song writing—no matter how patently ridiculous. Hell, she was preparing to dive into the world of wizarding fashion. But Rose—well, Rose spent years hoping to be zapped by a lightning bolt one day and wake up caring about plight of woodland creatures everywhere or inventing technological advances to bring the Wizarding World out the Stone Age. Or something. But that hadn't happened. In the end, Rose was fine with it because passion required a lot more commitment than she was willing to give. She never answered her brother's question and Hugo quietly let it go. Probably scheduling to bring it back up on another random day, under another random sky. Instead, Hugo scooted closer, pressing their sides together. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and Rose tried to push him away. She wasn't feeling particularly cuddly, but but they called him 'Huge' for a reason. It was like trying to roll back a boulder so she stopped fighting him off. "You'll figure it out." He sounded so damn sure of himself that she looked at him directly. "I'm sure of it because you're already becoming the person you were always meant to be." "And that is…" "The protagonist in your own story." Rose snorted, rolling her eyes. "I'd rather be dressed as a tree in the background." "Too late," Hugo took his arm back and went back for the bag of crisps. That time, Rose grabbed a handful before he could eat them all and ate them aggressively. "Consider this dagger matter your debut." He ate crisps and licked the salt from his fingers, rubbing them on his trousers. The action reminded Rose that no matter how strangely introspective Hugo could be, he was still a gross teenager. "Mum, dad, and Uncle Harry…they want you to be ready in a way they never were." "You make it sound like I'm going to war." "Aren't you?" His voice took a serious edge that contrasted with the fact that he was about to stuff a handful of crisps into his mouth. "Things are going to get complicated, especially when you don't get arrested for murder." Ah. She'd forgotten about that part. Again. Honestly, that was the very last thing she wanted to think about. Rose was mentally drained from self-reflection, personal development, and their bloody conversation. The problem was Hugo—again—was right. She heard their words they didn't speak; the worry they tried not to convey. That afternoon, Uncle Harry had hugged her so tight she'd nearly thrown up on him again. He told her to come by in a few days to practise duelling when her ankle felt better. Mum worked with a manic frenzy Rose had never seen to find the dagger's origin. Dad awkwardly tried to encourage her during their game of wizarding chess. Rose wondered if he'd turned to Emotional Support for Dummies for tips. They were coaching her, each in their own way, to help Rose play the role she had been meant to play since she'd stumbled into that bloody room and asked a damn murderer if they wanted chocolate. The problem was that—despite her inspiring thoughts on personal growth and maturity—Rose was no hero. At best, she was the sidekick with redeeming qualities and excellent one-liners. Hero. The job of a hero was to make sacrifices, charge into battle, save the day, defeat the villain, right the wrong. Or something like that. Nevertheless, Rose didn't want the job. She didn't have the credentials or the experience. Rose was far too egocentric for the sort of martyrdom required to be a hero. After all, she was the sort to slip out of trouble, not charge in with her wand at the ready. A hero's fight was harder, the battles longer, the losses greater. She'd seen her family. May was the hardest month of the year. Every year. People were celebrating freedom while they mourned those they lost. Their battle wounds had never healed; only scabbed over in time. Always visible, always fresh, and always ready to split open and bleed through everything. And though Rose didn't know the outcome, whether the entire dagger debacle would amount to anything that required any sort of effort from her, she knew that she wasn't the least bit prepared to take on that role. But a quiet voice in her head whispered, "You have to." And damn if it wasn't right. Rose had always prided herself on her iron-clad sense of self-preservation; on not running into danger; on not showing her hand. Those qualities had never failed her. Seven years in Slytherin and there she was, about to go against very shred of instinct and do the stupidest thing she'd ever done since eating an entire carton of Puking Pastilles. Why? Because deep down she knew it was the right thing to do. Because Jane was just as likely as Rose to enter that room. Because she couldn't turn a blind eye. Because she was the granddaughter, daughter, and niece of heroes. Acceptance didn't mean that it wasn't the true source of her cresting anxiety; the real reason for her current bout with insomnia. Rose thought about lying awake in her bed, but knew it wasn't good to brood alone. Enclosed in her thoughts, Rose allowed them to ebb and flow and build to a crescendo until they overpowered her apprehension and smothered every other negative emotion that threatened to overwhelm her. When that happened, when Rose was full, overflowing with resolution; the world righted itself. She was fine, not actually, but she would be. After all, self-pity was only prescribed in moderation and she'd had her dose. "Are you okay? You looked like you were having a stroke." Rose cut her eyes to her brother. "Gods no, but feel free to give me some Gryffindor tips." She shoved Hugo hard enough for his body to sway back and forth. Slightly. Maybe she needed to work on her upper body strength if she was going to do all that hero work. "You know I was in Ravenclaw." "That doesn't mean you don't have any tips." "Umm…" Hugo shrugged with open arms, "Well, I have one." "Spill." "How about you break every thousand-year-old school rule and at the last minute get awarded enough House Points to win The House Cup?" Rose glared at her now grinning brother. "You're not wrong, but you're not much help either." There was a beat when they both stared at each other before dissolving into riotous laughter. They laughed until it faded into a companionable silence. Time continued to pass, as it did. Rose was unaware of how much. It could have been only seconds or mere minutes, she didn't care. She scooted closer to her brother, resting her head on his shoulder and remembering a time when they were in school and he'd done the same. He shifted enough to wrap his arms around her and pull her close. Rose took a ragged breath. Then another. As much as he aggravated her, she would miss him when he returned to Italy, but dared not vocalise the thought. It wasn't in her nature to speak her heart. Her mind? She spoke that all the damn time without any regard for consequences. And sure, she had a penchant for the dramatics, but Rose wasn't the emotional sort. Not to be confused with emotionless. She knew full well she couldn't get rid of them; like right then when she was nearly choking back tears. Like with any other emotion, she buried it so deep that they were inaccessible. Ever intuitive, Hugo touched their heads together gently. "I hate that I won't be here." "I actually agree about you going back—and you know how much I hate agreeing with mum. Don't make me say that again." She moaned in pain. She felt his smile. "Mum's always right." "Her cereal bars say otherwise." "Scorpius loves them." Hugo remarked. Rose yawned. "Scorpius is not the standard that we use to gage normal." "Pot meet kettle," Hugo sounded rather pleased with himself. "I've always thought that was one of the reasons you two are close." He paused for a beat. "That, and Al." She pinched his arm, which made him laugh harder, but silently confessed that he wasn't completely wrong. There were certain things Rose never thought about; things she accepted as fact. For example: her family. Rose never doubted that the ever-expanding Weasley clan would stop their busy lives and show up if she truly needed them. She hardly ever acknowledged her family's importance to her or considered a life without them because they were always there. Sometimes it was aggravating. They were loud and nosey and intrusive. She never got a moment's peace. But the chaos was comforting. Even with all the dagger business, deep down Rose knew she could be the hero because she had everyone standing with her. She was never truly alone. And that was how she thought of Scorpius, too. Rose smiled. "Al did spend an entire month losing House points and punching everyone who called Scorpius a Death Eater, so I figured he must be worth not listening to dad over." "Dad?" "Yeah, he told me to make sure I beat him in every subject, but that was long before they realised my lack of motiv—" "But wait," Hugo cut her off. "You were still top three in your Year." "I test well." "You could have been Head Girl." "And give Henrietta another reason to hate me, no thanks." Rose answered flippantly. "Besides, I doubt she would have kept her mouth shut after she realised that I'd lied to Auror Whatever-His-Name-Is." Hugo hummed thoughtfully. "Did you ever figure out how she knew?" No, she didn't, but Rose was waiting for the perfect moment to corner Henrietta. The very last thing she needed was someone—who was not her mum—that knew when she was lying. "All I know is that Scorpius walked in with the impeccable timing and didn't think twice before he defended me." "Why do you think that?" It was a silly question. Scorpius had been defending her in his own reserved way since First Year when they stood in the sorting line with Al. In a strange twist of fate, he went to Ravenclaw and she went to Slytherin. The entire Wizarding World had lost their collective minds for two solid weeks. How did the daughter of two war heroes get sorted into the same House as The Dark Lord? The conspiracy theories were patently ridiculous and her parents (and uncle) had to issue statements saying how proud they were of her. She expected Al and James to hover, but not Scorpius. After all, their only link at the time was Al. But he stayed, steadfast and unwavering. Even though they both were the subject of ridicule and bullying, at first. Even while Al was serving detention after detention for intervening. Over time, she and Scorpius formed their own friendship that was different from the bond they shared with Al; a friendship that…had shifted an imperceptible amount as of late. Rose didn't know what it meant…or if it meant anything at all. Scorpius had seen her through a moment of uncharacteristic weakness. It should have made her feel awkward and uncomfortable around him because she'd sobbed all over him, but instead she felt normal. Like it was okay for him to know how bloodshot her eyes got when she cried, how she needed him to tether her to reality, how him defending her to Henrietta meant more than words. It was a relief that she didn't have to pretend to be so strong and unafraid; a relief to let her guard down just once. Perhaps the subtle shift in their balance had to do with Rose understanding that while they were arguing over movies and whether cereal was soup, the bonds of their friendship had deepened, strengthened, tightened, and morphed into something new. Maybe that was it. Blessed rain postponed Lily's first rehab session, but there wasn't enough rain to wash away the entire day. There were times when Rose knew the day was going to be horrid and the upcoming hours were going to be a complete and utter fright. It had nothing to do with the talk she'd had with Hugo. Or her own anxieties that had her cycling between agitation and resolution early into the morning. Or the Malfoy's Charity Gala looming in the evening for she wasn't the least bit prepared. It was just something that infiltrated the air; a jittery form of existential dread. An hour into her post-breakfast kip, Lily kicked open the guest room's door with a battle cry. She had a suitcase in her left hand and a crazed sort of manic look in her eyes. An entire lifetime of Lily bursting into her room—or bathroom—without any regard for her privacy had prepared Rose for the intrusion. She opened one eye at the perfect moment when the door—from the sheer force of her kick—bounced off the doorstop and slammed shut in her cousin's grinning face. There had been relatively few moments of true satisfaction in her life, and that was one of them. That was, until Lily threw open the door a second time. That time she had the good sense to step into the room, dragging all her rubbish in with her, before it slammed shut once again. "Morning sunshine!" Rose greeted her with a single-finger salute. "Ah, she's awake and still a bi—" "Walk through Fiendfyre." "Very cute." Lily drawled as she unpacked the suitcase, pulling out everything from dress robes to makeup brushes "Has anyone told you lately that you're mean?" Rose was pretty sure that was a rhetorical question, but answered anyway. "Touché." From the bed, she glared daggers at her cousin as she chirped around the room, whistling sunnily as she set up her makeshift workstation. "I can feel your glare," Lily stated as she contemplated between two identical makeup brushes. "Good," Rose replied in a fake saccharine tone. "Just trying to make you vanish with the power of my mind." "You've only been trying to do that my entire life." "And yet, here you are. Those survivor genes Mr Draco always talks about run true." Lily took a slow, measured breath. Rose was used to that type of breath from her. She always did it when she was contemplating her murder. Or a strong hex for James. Rose covered her head with the covers, hoping the visit was over. "Goodbye!" "But it's makeover time!" She sat straight up in bed, splotchy skin, hair like a living forest creature, one eye crusted shut. "What?" "We have seven hours to turn that," she gestured wildly to Rose's hair and—well, her entire being, "Into…something better than that." Rose dropped her head into her hands and groaned loud and long. She was in the sort of hell that could only be described in books. And she was working with a 16:1 chance of escaping Lily's makeover extravaganza with her face intact. Which was manageable. She'd been in worse situations before. Recently, even. But when Lily pulled out the eyelash curler with maniacal glee, the odds drastically changed and a piece of Rose died. Suddenly Rose was the Seeker falling from four hundred metres after being thrown from a defective broom that somehow ended up in the Quidditch World Cup. Or whatever metaphor worked. Hell, she never bothered to learn Quidditch, much less play it. The point was that she wasn't getting out alive. Lily was too focused on her task at hand to look Rose's way. Or else she would have seen paling skin and mounting dread. Which would have made her happier. After all, Lily loved to see her squirm. Something about retaliation for their childhood. But Rose had been there for that too, and felt she had more of a reason to want reprisal. After all, Lily was…Lily. She was younger by almost two years, but had always been bright, bubbly and indomitable to the point that it made Rose positively sick. Charming and well-mannered, Lily was beautiful in a classic feminine sort of way. When Rose was abrasive, their Grandmum would say, "Lily would never." But when Lily showed her short temper, she would say, "Oh, she's got that Weasley fire in her!" Rose knew Grandmum loved them equally and was fully invested in their happiness, but it wasn't always at the same level. Lily was her favourite. They all knew that. It seemed that growing up with Lily was far more damaging than Rose ever cared to admit. Rose's eyes followed her cousin around. The already great divide between them never felt as wide as it did then. Lily was in her element, rambling on about the beauty blenders Muggles were using and foundation colour and best methods of contouring and makeup palettes for each dress she'd packed in that suitcase and which would go best with Rose's skin tone. And Rose—Rose was patently confused, blinking wildly. Not to mention completely uninterested. Finally, Lily regarded her with a puzzled expression. "You look a bit peaky, are you okay?" "I'm not sure," she scratched her head. "I haven't woken from this makeup tutorial nightmare." "I've got just the thing to help." And she smiled. Evilly. Rose groaned. Gods, Lily was going to be insufferable for the rest of the day. She was regarded as a trendsetter; a style icon for modern professional witches. Song-writing aside, Lily was starting to get offers to pose for magazines and paid to wear clothes by up-and-coming stylists. Everything she wore ended up in Fashion section of the paper and stores always advertised similar items as 'Inspired by Lily Potter'. She had a strong following at Hogwarts and an even stronger following with new graduates; they wanted to be as fashion forward as Lily. But not Rose. She dressed the same: comfortable and practical, usually paired with trainers and a bare face. Up until recently, Lily had begged her to change her style—or better yet, find a style. Rose hoped she'd given up, but that truly wasn't in her nature. Case in point. "Are you getting up or are you going to be difficult?" Lily had had her coffee that morning. She was far too confident; as if she already knew the outcome of whatever battle they were about to fight. "I think you know the answer." Her cousin smiled with too much teeth. Rose got out of the bed, both hands raised in surrender. "Odds of victory too low?" She shrugged. "My ankle wouldn't survive the race to the door." She'd already calculated it. "True," Lily gestured to the chair at the foot of the bed. "Have a seat. Let's get started." First, Rose had to veto the magenta robes before she got any ideas. Had to. Second, she refused to wear red. "But it's Valentine's day!" Lily argued. "I don't care." Lily loved Valentine's day because it was like a second Christmas to her. To some, the holiday was a wonderful excuse to abuse the privilege of public affection, but for others—like Rose—the day was a ridiculous twenty-four mockery of what people thought love was about. What did she know about love? Not much, but Rose knew the emotion was more than candy, flowers, and cheesy poetry; more than getting dressed up for a bloody gala and parading herself in front of the cameras for a night that no one would remember in ten years…all in the name of charity. "No magenta or red," Lily sighed, poking out her lip. "What about peach? We could match!" "Looking like two freshly dead corpses, no thank you." "What about rose…" Rose just glared daggers. Lily shuffled awkwardly. "That was a bad idea." Regardless of Rose's current predicament with the St. Mungo's Knifer—she was still working on the name—Lily had already made plans to attend the gala, as she had each year since leaving Hogwarts. It was the only thing anyone talked about after New Years and it wouldn't do for her brand to not be in attendance. The difference that year was that she'd helped with the planning with Narcissa Malfoy. The theme was An Enchanted Evening…or something just as ridiculous. There would be music and wine and speeches and proper dancing. Rose was stressed just envisioning tripping over her dress robes or saying something inappropriate, as she often did in public. It was the first Gala that Rose would attend willingly and the first Lily would attend alone. Which would have been impressive, but she remembered her cousin's intentions toward Scorpius. "—Your date will love it." That got her attention. Rose suspiciously eyed her now-grinning cousin. "Date?" "Yes, date." She rolled her eyes. "Don't sound so shocked. It's just Quincy." Her eyebrow shot up. "He's here?" She'd only Owled him yesterday morning and hadn't expected him for the next week since he was on location. "Just arrived about thirty minutes ago." Lily told her absently, now eyeing purple robes that weren't as hideous, but looked complicated. "Scorpius showed him to the library to give the books he found for your mum." "Poor Quincy," Rose shook her head, only imagining the current state of the Malfoy's library. If the previous day said anything, it probably looked as if a hurricane had blown through. "He has no idea what he's getting himself into." "I'm sure he does." Lily wiggled her brow suggestively. Rose was confused until she realised that she hadn't told her about the conversation they'd had before the rave. "We're never going to date." "You danced with him at the Rave!" her cousin argued and she just blinked in response. "I happen to know that he likes you." "I know that, too," Rose watched Lily's face as it morphed through several emotions until it landed on genuinely surprised. "We talked about it before the rave when you gave him my address." Rose emphasised, then rolled her eyes after Lily had the decency to look chastened. "Still trying to figure out my appeal, but whatever." "You didn't give him a chance." "He's not my type." "I've seen the sort of blokes you date. Do you even have a type?" "It's not Quincy," was the best answer she could come up with in a pinch. Not only was it complicated, but Rose wasn't the sort to have deep and meaningful conversations with Lily. The simple answer was that she dated out of curiosity, necessity, and mainly because when she didn't family members—like Lily or her grandmum—got concerned about her being alone. The complicated answer was that each of her extremely short-lived relationships started and ended with her wondering if she was doing something wrong. Was she broken? She never felt a thing for any of them. And what was she supposed to feel anyway? Because she couldn't say any of that, Rose asked, "If Quincy is coming with me, who are you going with?" Lily flushed a bit. "Scorpius." Rose blinked once. "Does he know?" "Not yet." Lily preened. "Narcissa says he doesn't usually take a date to this sort of thing, so we'll make a statement." She just nodded along, not listening and keeping her face carefully neutral. More than anything, Rose needed out of that hell so the knock on the door came at a perfect time. She didn't ask who it was before she crossed the room and swung open the door. She was almost relieved by the sight of her mum who was holding a silk dress bag. Ultimately, Rose was torn between letting her in and shutting the door. She never knew the odds of anything when it came to her mum. She didn't look like she'd been up late in the Malfoy's library. In fact, she looked nice, casually dressed, but her hair had been styled in preparation for the Gala. On top of that, her mum was smiling and not looking worried. So, Rose took a chance, stepping aside to let her into the room. Besides, her mum was far better company than Lily, even with her self-help books. "Mum." Rose greeted, hugging her after she carefully laid the dress bag on the bed. "Love," she greeted with a kiss on the temple. "How are you feeling? Any headaches?" "Except Lily, no." "Oi!" Her mum chucked, crossing the room to her cousin, greeting Lily with a hug as her eyes raked over the makeup products. "I see you managed to coax her out of bed." Lily had the gall to act like she hadn't burst in the room. "It was so hard." Rose and her mum exchanged looks; one was amused, the other was not. "Well," her mum clasped her hands together. "I can take over from here." Her disappointment was obvious. "But—" She bit her jaw to keep the glee at bay. "Narcissa's looking for you." Mum interjected, putting her arms around Lily's shoulder and guiding her to the door. "I believe she wants to take tea with you." At that, Lily lit up. "Really?" Then she hesitated and looked over her shoulder at Rose, who kept her face carefully closed. "Oh, but I'm helping Rose." Her mum turned on the tone she used on dad when she was trying to get him to leave the house before the owls showed up with the new books she wasn't supposed to buy. "I'll get her together. It'll be fine. Go on, sweetheart." "Fine, but she has to wear her natural hair colour. No more of this brown," she hissed as if it were a curse word. Lily was a proud redhead and thought Rose darkening her copper tresses was blasphemy of the highest order. Rose enjoyed not being outed as a Weasley because of the colour of her hair. She hadn't left the red family completely. She'd experimented with other colours like brown and black, but they didn't work for her features. Auburn worked for her vital need for privacy. "It's auburn, you miscreant!" Rose shot back because she couldn't help herself. Mum cut her eyes in such a way that clearly meant 'cease and desist'. "It's time for me to change the colour anyway so I'll allow it." At least for the night. But it was enough for Lily to walk out the door victoriously. Her mum shut the door behind her and set up several wards. Rose threw herself onto the bed, relieved. "I thought she would never leave." Mum put her hands on her hips. "You didn't make anything better by arguing over hair colour." Rose was unapologetic as always. "I had a point to make." Her mum laughed then walked towards Rose, picking up the dress bag gently and unzipping it slowly, revealing a simple yet beautiful dark turquoise floor length dress robes. Absently, Rose reached out and touched the bottom. The material felt light, but sturdy. It had a slight shimmer that wasn't at all an eyesore. The top was slightly more complicated because the fit and the bit of ruching at the bellow, but it had a high beaded neck and the back was cut out almost entirely. It was a bit dramatic for Rose's taste, but the bottom of the dress fell straight and would allow her to move with ease. There were no frills, no ruffles, no bows, no itchy lace. Rose liked it very much. "Where did you get this?" "It's mine," Mum laid the dress carefully on the bed. "I wore it at the first victory ball. Your dad and I had a huge row over something silly the week before and broke up. So, Ginny and I went shopping and I found this dress. It was a bit outside my comfort zone, but I was angry, thought I had a point to prove, and I wore it. Your dad said that when he saw me everything slotted into place and he realised he would regret it if he let another ball to go by without having a chance to dance with me. So, he got over himself and asked me to dance." Her mum smiled at the memory. "I thought you'd like it better than anything Lily would pick and—" "I love it, mum. Thanks." "I met Quincy." Her mum mentioned as she produced a pair of flat slippers from her beaded bag. "He's—" "A friend…or something." Her mum nodded. "I suppose you won't be disappointed if he takes Lily to the Gala." "But Lily said she was going with Scorpius." Not that Rose cared, but Lily was so annoying when she was disappointed. "I'd rather Scorpius take you." That meant her cousin had been overruled. "At least he knows how you are around cameras." Rose shrugged. "You swear once at the age of seven because some idiot will not stop snapping pictures and no one lets you forget." Mum chuckled. "Admit it, the flashbulbs make you anxious. I have a lot of experience with your word vomit." She neither confirmed or denied it. Rose's mother smiled, resting both hands on Rose's shoulders as she stepped closer to her. She started to say something, but didn't. Instead, she brushed a piece of Rose's messy hair from her face. "Try to have some fun tonight. I know it's very last place you want to be, but you've been through a lot in the last few days." "That's an understatement." "I know, but we're going to figure this out." Frankly, she didn't know what to say. The transition from smiling to being serious was disconcerting. "Mum…I…is there something I need to know?" "We'll talk later." "That doesn't sound ominous, at all." Her mother sighed, probably because she knew Rose wouldn't let it go. "Caldwell is trying to push through the orders for you to be brought into the Ministry for a second interview." "You mean interrogation." Mum had a pinched look on her face which meant she didn't like it the least bit. "Yes." Rose had quietly hoped that Caldwell would let it go, but had a feeling their chat in the hospital wouldn't be their last. After all, he wanted so badly for her to be guilty. But now that she had her memories, she could prepare better. She hadn't done anything wrong. "It's fine. Let them. Al told me they have nothing, except clear evidence of a third person in the room. I'm curious to find out why he's trying so hard to make me guilty." "It—I'm about to be appointed Minister of Magic," her mum blurted out. Rose nearly choked. "Bloody hell, mum! You're kidding!" It was one thing to be in a family of heroes, but a completely different thing to be the daughter of the Minister of Magic. She wanted to wax poetic about how her life was about to change yet again, but the thought felt hollow. Despite their somewhat complicated relationship, Rose was proud of her mum. It was her dream come true; what she'd worked so hard for since the age of seventeen. As Minister, she would be able to make real change. And hell, she wouldn't have the time to worry about Rose's lack of direction. So, bonus for everyone. "Minister Shacklebolt is announcing his retirement and my appointment at the Victory ball in May." All she could think was that everything about Cauldwell made sense; why he relentless in his attempt to prove her non-existent guilt. If he managed to get Rose in front of the Wizengamot, it would be made public and her mum's position as the next Minister would be in jeopardy before she could show just how well she could do the job. There were people out there who didn't like her mother because she of her blood status and her progressive ideas for reform. It was a new age, but old prejudices ran deep. Caldwell seemed the sort that would be resistant to change; seemed the sort to bring Rose up on trumped up charges to stop her mum's appointment. Her head was swimming. "Does Hugo know?" She shook her head, "Not yet. I've only told your dad and Ginny. Harry knows because he's a department head and a private memo went out earlier this week with the announcement and a charm to ensure secrecy. You can tell Scorpius and Al. I'm going to tell everyone else when it gets closer to time." Rose must have still looked stunned because her mum hugged her again. She held on tight and they held on tight to each other. Mum patted her hair down gently, speaking softly. "I know this is a lot to take in on top of everything else, but we'll work through it. We'll figure out this dagger and everything will go back to normal." "I'll figure out the dagger, mum." Rose surprised even herself with that declaration, but it made the most sense. She pulled away from her mother. "We don't know how this is going to go and it's Ministry business. You can't be involved. Not even in secret." Her mum ruefully nodded as if she knew that all along. "Start with my notes. Oh, and keep your friends close." Rose blinked at the rather cryptic advice. "Um. Okay." Before her mind started racing, her mum kissed her on her forehead. "Go get showered. I brought cookies." She jerked her head to her beaded bag sitting on the bed. Their previous conversation aside, Rose was instantly suspicious. "Who are you and what have you done with my real mum who didn't allow sweets until we went to Hogwarts?" Mum rolled her eyes. "Oh, she's still here and worried about the state of your cavities, but I want cookies. So, hurry up." Rose was not about to turn down cookies so off she went, hurrying to the loo. Luckily, she'd grown up with her dad and knew the best ways to shower and get ready in three minutes flat. She even used the potions to revert her hair back to its natural colour. When she exited the loo in fresh clothes, towel drying her hair, her mum was sitting on the bed, legs folded with a plate of cookies next to her. Rose tentatively ate one just to confirm that they were real and not sugar-free. But they were real, moist, and delicious. "Are these I'm-sorry-my-promotion-is-about-to-further-complicate-your-life cookies?" Her mum laughed and picked up a cookie. "If they are, am I forgiven?" "Yes!" "Good." And she took a bite. There was a floor-length mirror in the sitting room that caught her attention. Rose looked at herself for the first time, taking in everything. Despite herself, Rose acknowledged that she looked…well, not like herself. Turning sideways, she kept her eyes trained on the mirror. Her mum's dress robes fit perfectly, but she had to hem the bottom with magic, as Rose was a bit shorter. Not only that, but her mum also managed to coax her now copper hair into a sophisticated braided updo with a piece artfully spiralled next to her ear. It had only taken an hour, an entire container of Sleekeazy's, multiple combs and brushes (two that tragically didn't make it), sheer determination on her mum's part, and thousands of swear words between the two of them. They argued about makeup, but Rose knew that without it she would look like she had a disease. So, she relented, and was quietly pleased with the natural look her mum had given her. Nothing like what Lily had planned with all her talk of contouring and bold colours. All in all, she didn't look awful. Maybe nice, pretty even? There was something about being dressed up that made Rose feel dainty and demure. Not something she was known for or enjoyed, for the matter. "You look stunning," a strangely familiar voice said. Startled, Rose cut her eyes over to the awe-struck Quincy, who stood in the doorway of the drawing room. She had to blink twice. While she'd given him the 'let's be friends' talk, she wasn't blind. The man was attractive in an unattainable sort of way, which clashed with his easy-going personality. He looked ready to step in front of the cameras at one of his modelling gigs. For the occasion, Quincy was dressed in navy robes and a white bowtie. He wore white gloves that were likely intended to make him look sophisticated, but made him look pretentious as hell. "Hiya," she said foolishly because he was still staring. "Wow, Rose. You look—" "Bloody hell," She blurted out, twisting awkwardly. "Can we move on before I get a complex?" Quincy cleared his throat. "I'm not quite used to the red, but it suits you." "Because it's my natural hair colour." Rose deadpanned. "Stop staring." He looked away, then down. Oh, right. She almost forgot: "Lily told me that you'd arrived, which was quicker than expected. I'd only just owled you—" He came further into the room, casually plucking a book from the shelf and reading the cover before lazily flipping through the pages. "Your mum's owl reached me about the same time as yours and she told me about what happened. I figured it was an emergency if Hermione Granger asked for my assistance. She arranged for a Portkey and I stopped long enough to grab every book I had on magical daggers before I came here. They were wrapping things up to prepare for the Gala when I arrived." Rose's eyes narrowed. "How did my mum know—" Quincy smirked. "Pretty certain she makes it her business to know everything, especially when it concerns you." The story of her life. "Are you okay?" He regarded her with a raised brow. "Your mum didn't go into detail—" "I'm fine now that I won't be shipped to Azkaban, for now." She'd figure out her course of action on Cauldwell later. "That sounds ominous." She shrugged, and glanced over her shoulder out the window. The sun was starting to set. "It's complicated." "I gathered. A dagger and cloaked figure?" Rose looked back at him. "Yes, and an Auror who wants to use me to cause chaos. My life is the plot to a mystery novel. This is fun." Book in hand, Quincy sat on the sofa and regarded her with a look she couldn't quite recognise. "Is it?" She refused to dignify that with a response. She'd already promised herself to combat her main problems tomorrow. No need to get a head start. Rose changed the subject. "I hear you're escorting Lily tonight. If that's so, you'll need to burn those gloves. Only old, rich Purebloods wear them…so they won't catch poverty." He laughed, but removed the gloves, stuffing them into his pockets. He started to say something, but heard approaching footsteps something and looked over his shoulder at the doorway. Rose looked as well, but out of the myriad of people it could have been, she knew who it was. Only one person walked like that: careful and controlled, but with a purpose. Scorpius appeared in the doorway, eyes locking onto Quincy first. "Have you seen—" Then he saw her standing in front of the window. "Rose." "Yes?" A strange silence filled the room that grew heavier as it extended. Rose cut her eyes over to Quincy, who was pretending to read—the book was upside down. The sodding idiot. When Rose looked back to Scorpius, she found that he was standing a little straighter in the doorway, but still hadn't entered the room. His face remained perfectly expressionless as he assessed her and it honestly unnerved her. For a moment, it took her back to last night when she felt raw and exposed and she honestly wondered if he'd felt the shift, too. Rose awkwardly bit her lip, looking from side to side, then down at her shoes. She wanted to make eye-contact with him; to stare him down until he felt just as strange as she did. But his eyes were too…something. It was hard to explain. She awkwardly hugged herself around the waist and stepped back, bumping slightly into the windowsill. The movement jostled her enough to make Rose look at him. Second attempt: "What is wrong with you? You're studying me like a serial killer about to attack." Scorpius looked every bit of the Malfoy Heir he was in tailored black robes with a white bowtie and fashionable dress shoes, but the red rose fastened to his lapel was different. Malfoy men never wore much colour to events, least of all red. His blond hair was parted and artfully slicked back—likely by a professional since he never bothered with such vanity. The only thing stopping him from looking like a carbon copy of his father were his blue eyes and his glasses that always had a mind of their own. Currently, they were crooked and teetering on the end of his nose. He fixed them quickly. Third attempt. And she made sure to sound as exasperated as she felt. "Do. You. Need. Something?" Finally, his brain zapped back to life. "Oh, I was just…" His eyes shifted back and forth between Rose and Quincy. "Was I interrupting?" Rose shook her head at the same time Quincy said, "Not at all, but your staring is awkward as hell." Which was true. He didn't look the least bit apologetic. The ass. He told Rose, "My grandmother wants us to come in like all the other guests, and not through the side door." That wasn't much of a surprise. Narcissa was a rather formal woman that knew when to exploit an opportunity that arose. Scorpius was notorious for his disdain for events she hosted and as soon as he was old enough, he never attended them. It only made sense for Narcissa to parade the fact that he'd voluntarily made an appearance. It was a bit of a relief that he'd be there with her when they entered the party. While Scorpius wasn't the most social person, he'd learned good manners and etiquette from his family, and inherited his father's charm. That was enough. He could hold mingle whereas Rose had little patience for small talk and dull situations. Her mum had been right. It made sense to attend with him. But that didn't mean Narcissa Malfoy had approved. "Does she know I'm your date, because if she did, she—" "She knows." Rose awkwardly fingered the material of her dress robes. "How loud did she yell?" "She's just happy I'm coming." He finished with a casual shrug that seemed stiff. "The media—" "It's not like this is the first event we've ever attended together." Scorpius coughed. "Besides, you look…" "Beautiful?" Quincy supplied helpfully from the sofa, looking pleased with himself. Rose shot him the same single-fingered salute she'd given Lily earlier. And like that one, it was ignored. Quincy closed the book and laid it on the table. "Go on, Scorpius. You can say it." The look Scorpius shot was so radioactive it could have laid waste to half the planet. He then shifted his eyes back to her and said, "You look beautiful, Rose." She stood up straighter. "You, too—oh wait, damn." And when Scorpius laughed, it was honestly a relief that her best friend hadn't been replaced by a pod person. The theme of the gala was An Enchanted Evening and the decorations didn't do the dull theme any justice. It was lavishly decorated with stunning visuals. There were fairy lights that stretched across the ceiling, ivy-twined vintage streetlamps, and clematis, with various shades of red, pink, white and peach flowers that decorated the walls of the ballroom as light from the artificial moonlight poured into the room from the glass ceiling. Hell, the floor was even grass. Real grass. But not the dance floor. Rose felt as if she were walking through the Malfoy gardens and applauded Narcissa Malfoy's vision. The stage and dancefloor were in the centre of the room, surrounded by beautifully decorated tables with fine China, crystal décor, and linens that were colour coordinated with the flowers. Behind the tables was a wall of seven-foot bushes that had various openings so guests could tour a scaled-down version of the famous garden's maze. Rose had expected the media would be clamouring and yelling their names, but they were quietly posted along the bushes with a few photographers walking around, snapping pictures. The rest were at the entrance to photograph guests as they entered. Just late enough for it to be fashionable, Scorpius and Rose entered behind Lily and Quincy, who were posing for pictures; smiling confidently as photogenic people often do. His plan had been for them to slip past and blend into the crowd, but it was doomed from the start and thwarted by an observant cameraman. "Is that Scorpius Malfoy?" Then the flashing started. Rose wilted like a tropical plant in the desert under the harsh flash. Both her head and the room began to spin as nausea crept up from all corners. Rose's heart pounded, her stomach rolled, and she wanted to scream, but somehow managed to paste on the same smile she reserved for family photos. "Rose, you look lovely. Give us a spin." Awkwardly, she stepped in a full circle in what was the slowest spin on earth. Somewhere nearby, Lily was likely bemoaning her cousin's existence. "Rose, is that your natural hair colour?" She had no idea who had asked because she'd been rendered blind. Her stance may have been a bit wobbly…or maybe he'd done it because she hadn't answered. Whatever it was, Scorpius's hand went from his side to the middle of her back; a warm gesture against her cool skin. Rose, even though her mounting nausea, regarded him curiously because he wasn't the least bit tactile in public. It gave people the wrong idea. But Scorpius kept his hand there and flashed a well-trained smile in return. It was the Malfoy Media Smile that didn't quite reach his eyes, but looked good on print. But Rose thought it looked rather bizarre and wrong. It made her uncomfortable enough for her to turn back towards the photographers. But then Scorpius leaned over and whispered, "Breathe." Her mind went back to the last time he'd said that word; in the hospital where she breathed with him, and they breathed together until everything righted itself. Rose lifted her gaze and their eyes locked and held. It was different than before. She inhaled. He exhaled. She gathered herself and remembered that in two weeks no one would care about that night. Soon, her awkward and stiff smile softened as Scorpius's turned more and more genuine. The flashbulbs kept going until the required amount of time had passed and they walked on. It was over. When they were far enough away, Rose looked around and smoothed down her dress. The atmosphere was festive and warm, which was strange considering there were more than a hundred people milling around. All were important in their respective fields, but most were strangers to Rose. She recognised several top-level administrators from St. Mungo's, high ranking Ministry officials, business owners from Diagon Alley, several of her old bosses, an array of famous scholars, heroes from the second War, Quidditch players, etc. It was truly a Who's Who in the wizarding world and Rose wondered why she was even there. "Where are the snacks?" Because through and through, she was a stress eater. A tray of thin flutes appeared in front of them and they helped themselves. It was bubbly and sweet and probably had a splash of the same inhibition potion they'd had at the rave. Only modified. But it was enough. Tension began to bleed from her bones and out her body. Gods, it was just what Rose needed to keep from making a mad dash out the side exit. "We're supposed to mingle and look like we're having a good time." Scorpius said as his now empty flute vanished from his hand. He was looking at her with vast amusement as she tossed back two more drinks in rapid succession. "If you choke, I'm not saving you." "Liar," she rolled her eyes and drank one more. Just to get her through. He didn't argue. "Ready?" She groaned petulantly, folding her arms across her chest. "I'd rather be sealed in a room with Inferi and no wand." But Scorpius offered his hand and she took it. Rose was observant in a tactical way, spotting each and every curious look they drew; every head that turned in their direction. Old and young, in the past fifteen minutes, she'd counted no more than ten looks, six double-takes, and one person who just boldly pointed. Rude. She knew Scorpius noticed it, but his face had gone back to carefully blank as he chatted with the head of his department at St. Mungo's. He was the third person they'd greeted as they made their way through the sea of people and tables. After the initial pleasantries were exchanged, Rose stopped listening to their conversation, as she'd done before. Her eyes scanned the room once more, spotting her aunt and uncle posing for pictures with a very pleased-looking Narcissa Malfoy and The Minister posing for photos with her parents. It was strange to see them together knowing what she knew. "Your grandmother really outdid herself this yes, don't you think?" "Yes, sir." Scorpius answered amicably. Rose spotted Lily and Quincy in a group of very attractive people talking animatedly about something. Probably models or people in the industry. She wondered where Al was. "And Rose, how are you feeling after your incident?" She jumped back into the conversation almost wondered how the head of the trauma department knew what had happened, but remembered herself and kept her tone polite. "Recovered. Thank you." "Please give my regards to your mother," he said pleasantly. "I will." Thankfully, Scorpius intervened before he could ask or say anything else. "Enjoy your evening, sir." The two men nodded at each other and Scorpius led them away. When they were far enough, Scorpius smirked and mocked her response in the poshest tone he could muster. "Recovered. Thank you." "Oi!" Rose almost slapped him, but thought it might make the papers. Instead, she squeezed the hand that was still entwined with hers. Hard. She twisted her wrist a bit, just enough to incite a low moan of pain from Scorpius…who made sure not to so much as flinch. Then she smiled for the first time since they'd started mingling. Scorpius bumped her shoulder in retaliation, but Rose already knew she'd won the battle. In a moment that was far too Slytherin for her liking, Scorpius dropped a bomb: "We have to lead the first dance." Rose stopped in her tracks, dropping his hand. She'd won the battle, but lost the war. "Excuse me?" She whispered hotly. "I didn't agree to this!" He just smiled serenely. The prat. "You did when you agreed to come with me." "I—" she started to argue, then dropped her voice lower because their presence had drawn attention. "I thought your grandparents—" "My grandfather complained about his hip." Rose spotted him not too far…standing with ease as he chatted with two old ministry officials. She threw her hand in his direction. "Looks fine to me." The lying liar. Scorpius followed her line of vision, frowning. "That's…not what he told my grandmother." "How about your parents?" He just blinked at her until she realised how much that was not going to happen. "Ah…" Rose was running out of excuses. "You know I can't dance. Why don't you dance with Lily?" He made a face. "I'd rather not give her any ideas." That was fair. Rose sighed and hammered the last nail into her own coffin. She wasn't getting out of it. "Fine." Scorpius smirked, "Just follow my lead. It's just a simple waltz with a lift on the third beat. Think Yule Ball." He offered his hand and she begrudgingly took it, sorely regretting the ballroom dancing lessons she'd passed on the summer before Fifth Year. "Doesn't sound that simple." Rose grouched. That time, he stopped suddenly. "Well, that's certainly simpler than what's incoming." "Incoming?" Rose lifted her to Scorpius, who's face had gone perfectly blank. She followed his line of vision to his parents who were walking towards them. His parents. Both of them. Rose swore hotly. Her first instinct was to cut to the right left and vanish into the crowd in what would be a tactical retreat, but Scorpius had a good grip of her hand. Besides, it was already too late and the last thing she needed was for Scorpius's mother to think she'd won. Rose wouldn't give her the satisfaction, so she took a few cleansing breaths and squared her shoulders in preparation. And they waited. At the last moment, he released her hand. Rose thought the action made sense; after all, she famously did not get on with Scorpius's mother. Or was it infamous? She would have chased that thought further, but then Scorpius rested his newly-freed hand on the middle of her back. What? Rose stiffened, but didn't move because they were right there. Whenever she saw Scorpius's parents together, she always thought that they made a rather nice couple, aesthetically-speaking. When they weren't arguing. They stood side by side; his mother a full head shorter than his father. She wore silk dark grey robes that beautifully fit and flared at her waist. Mr Draco worse all black, as usual. "Darling," Astoria greeted her son with an air kiss on his right; her tone was light, but her movements were tense. "Mother," he greeted in return, without moving his damn hand. Then, he exchanged an unreadable look with Mr Draco. "Father." "Son," he replied then looked at Rose, who instantly recognised his amusement. She knew why he was entertained. Or why he would soon be entertained. "Rose." "Mr. Malfoy," she greeted with a calculated smile that made all shreds of delight vanish. She internally cheered, then regarded his mother who hadn't bothered to greet her properly. "Mrs. Malfoy." "Miss. Weasley." Astoria always said her name as if she were an annoying bug. "I see you're here." The odds of her escaping the conversation without losing her temper took a nosedive. "I—" "Not today, Mother." Scorpius warned sharply. "We have an audience." Rose didn't look, she knew better, but with the tension rolling off them in waves, people were noticing and looking. She had the gall to look innocent. "I was simply acknowledging her presence, Scorpius. You shouldn't be so sensitive." Astoria chided lightly. "In fact, I was just wondering if Miss. Weasley wanted to accompany me on a walk through the garden exhibit." And she smiled, but there was ice behind it. Well, that was a trap, and everyone knew it. And yet. "I'd be delighted to." Between everything she'd been through and now Scorpius's mother, Rose was done being well-behaved and polite. She already had been up against a hooded figure with a dagger; his mother was nothing in comparison. Sure, she'd lost that fight, but somewhere, someone had at least a bloody nose. Scorpius shot her a look that said, are you crazy? And yes, she was feeling a little crazy. Amusement returned to Mr Draco's face. She stepped to the side and away from his hand. "I'll make sure I'm back in time for the dance," then addressed his mother, "Shall we?" The exhibit was a beautifully scaled down version of the Malfoy Manor's extensive garden. It was manicured, stately, and equipped with sounds of nature. Just as she expected. They walked together in silence, passing other guests who marvelled at the plants, trees and sculptures. Rose kept her eyes carefully trained on the path ahead, stopping only when Astoria halted to marvel at something or the other. Plants were beautiful, but Rose only had a passing interest in gardening and horticulture. Besides, she was waiting for the other woman to strike. But she didn't. Not until the end of the tour when there was no one around. "I see you came with my son." "I did." Astoria chuckled dryly. "I'm always surprised to see that you two are still so close. Your personalities are so different it's a wonder what he sees in you." Rose said nothing, only rolling her eyes in response. Such a simple insulting tactic was almost beneath her. "I hear you're working as a Healer's Assistant." She said with a frown. "Correct," Rose replied blandly. "At St. Mungo's." "With Scorpius. Interesting." "Actually, we work in different departments on different floors." They walked along in silence for several moments until his mother said, "It's so nice that Scorpius has a friend like you. I do wonder if you'll continue to monopolize all his time and prevent him from meeting his future wife." Of all the things Rose expected for her to say, that wasn't it. It took her off guard momentarily. "Excuse me?" "I say this because you two seem to spend an awful amount of time together, and Scorpius is getting to that age where he should be at least considering marriage. It's off-putting to suitable witches." "Suitable?" Astoria plucked a flower from one of the displays and handed it to Rose, who did not take it because she knew she would take her aggression out on said flower. Created by magic or not, the damn thing didn't deserve such treatment. "In fact, the last time I was in town, he begged off to take you to a movie. And this time, you're staying in the Manor in the guest room just down the hall from his bedroom. You don't have other friends? How can he date when you're always there?" Rose inhaled, gathering her thoughts for her rebuttal and hoped something other than 'piss the hell off' came out of her mouth. Surprisingly, her words flowed out without issue. "Have you ever considered that perhaps Scorpius begged off because he didn't want to be around you? That he hardly ever wants to be around you. You come around, you've been there for every important life event, but nothing changes that for your own personal reasons you stopped wanting to be his mother." Astoria's blue eyes narrowed sharply. "I—" "Not to mention, how could he possibly want to be around you when you only come to pass judgment—judgment that isn't your right to pass." "I'm his mother." "That's bloody rich." "My only concern—" "Concern?" She shot back, hotter and madder than she wanted to be right then. She clenched her fists at her side in an attempt to calm herself down. Rose exhaled. "If you were truly concerned, you'd be out there with him and not in here accusing me of sabotaging him from meeting other witches. He's a bloody adult. He can go out and socialise with whomever he pleases. I don't have a damn thing to do with that." "You have everything to do with—" "Until next time, Mrs. Malfoy." She dismissed her sharply. Rose took a step forward, decided against it, and turned to his mother who looked as angry as she felt. Good. "Enjoy the rest of the exhibit and your evening, I'm leaving." And she stormed off. Rose rounded two corners before she realised she was going in the wrong direction; towards the entrance of the exhibit. But she wasn't going back. With renewed determination, she started her trek to the entrance and ran into Al and…well, Jane, who were walking in her direction. Al looked dapper in his robes and tousled hair, and Bangs matched the garden in floor-length robes with falling flowers. She wore a crown of ivy that was rather adorable. The ultimate flower child. Luna would love her. Too bad she was in Amazon rainforest with Rolf, searching for a Heliopath on the loose. When Jane saw her, she yelled, "Rose!" and waved with both hands while Al regarded her curiously. She probably looked flustered, hell she still felt flustered. But Jane didn't know Rose well enough to know when her mood was off. Not like Al. "I didn't know you were coming," she said to Jane, but was looking at Al curiously. "Yes, Al thought you might need to see a friendly face so he asked me to come with him." Rose looked at her cousin, who had taken a sudden interest in a flower. "Is that so?" She looked back at Jane. "I could use a friendly face. Let's get out of here." "Scorpius is looking for you," her cousin told her as they continued towards the entrance, Rose in front. "They're about to start in ten minutes. Are you all right?" "I'm fine," Rose answered tightly, rolling her shoulders back, trying to relieve the tension. Bangs was quickly catching on to her mood. "You don't look fine." "Scorpius told us you were in here with his mum. And that went…" "As well about as well as always." "That good, then." Al remarked as they exited the exhibit. Scorpius was waiting, adjusting his cufflinks and trying to look busy. "Oi, mate! We found her." At that, Scorpius looked over and gave her an oddly probing look that Rose carefully ignored in her agitation. Another tray appeared in front of her and Rose almost inhaled two more drinks before she accepted the hand Scorpius had extended. That would do. "I'm guessing it went well with my mother." "Well enough. I didn't push her into any bushes, if that's what you're asking." "What happened?" "We'll talk about it later. Let's just get this over with." By the time they were in the centre of the empty dance floor, Rose had regained her composure, only to nearly lose it again when she realised there were over a hundred eyes on them. "Rose?" Scorpius said as they waited, in position, for the music to start. "Just follow my lead." And when the music started, she did. Soon, they were doing a near perfect rendition of the waltz that McGonagall would have been proud to witness. The first lift went so well that there was actual applause. Rose got too confident, which was where she went wrong. Toward the end of the waltz, she missed a step which caused her to take a step back, ready to be spun when Scorpius was ready to lift her. The unexpected move caught her off guard, causing her to flail so hard he nearly lost his balance. But he didn't and no one seemed the wiser, judging from the routine applause. But in the smooth recovery as Scorpius lowered her to the floor, her right arm failed her and buckled. Rose let out a yelp before she crashed chest-first into him. And in the chaos, Scorpius staggered, Rose flailed, and somehow their mouths clacked together. Oh. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: I realize I'm trying to compensate for the long time between first posting this with extremely long chapters. Also Rose wouldn't shut up. I've just started chapter 10 and Scorpius is being extremely pedantic. Sigh. My beta is gonna kill me. I'll be working on it full steam this weekend, but it's looking like these chapters are gonna be long. Lord have mercy. But alas, the ride continues. I spent a lot of time thinking about how I wanted this story to go, trying to decide if I want to complicate things further with emotions or with the dagger. I've decided on both. Because I'm me. Also Oh. Here we go. Until next time. inadaze22
I was just guessing at numbers and figures Pulling your puzzles apart Questions of science, science and progress Do not speak as loud as my heart The Scientist: Coldplay Chapter Ten: Questions of Science Someone said that a picture was worth a thousand words. The phrase referred to the belief that complex ideas and emotions could be conveyed with just one photo. It never made sense to Scorpius because there were fundamental differences between looking at photos—even magical ones—and reading words. It boiled down to the standpoint of how humans processed information. He knew that people were more than just a system of input, storage, and output. There were other factors like free will, emotions, memory, experience, and so many others that came into play. And—well, truth be told, those factors were heavily influenced by their senses. Five of them: smell, touch, hearing, taste, and most importantly, sight. There it was: a defect in his own logic. In the last five days, he'd read every article, statement, and bit of news printed about them in an attempt to correct the flaw. The problem was that each article used asinine phrases like lifelong friends and union between warring families as if the Weasleys and Malfoys met up on every first weekend of the month to do battle. It was patently ridiculous. However, when Scorpius caught a glimpse of the pictures taken of them at the Gala…well, perhaps it was time to revisit the phrase to further investigate its validity. After all, those five photos spoke volumes. Magical photos were strange because, while they captured a few seconds of their lives, they were still only a snapshot in time; hours abridged in five shots that had been sensationalised and given far more meaning than deserved. The only reaction in real-time to their 'kiss' were the collective gasps from onlookers and Rose's quiet panicking because she'd broken his nose. It had been a quick fix and neither spared the moment a second thought. They returned to the table after Scorpius had been mended and the night continued. There were speeches, the wealthy flaunting their generosity, and enough pomp and circumstance to bore them. Once that was over, the party began in earnest: the band started playing more up-tempo music and the potions and drinks started flowing. Their paths hadn't crossed for a while as they were both summoned by their parents to make individual rounds. At one point, Lily had cornered him in an attempt to get him to dance, but Quincy tactfully cut in. Later, while Lily was off with her friends, Scorpius had gotten a chance to know Quincy and Jane better. Jane was a bubble of eccentric energy that Al seemed to find more intriguing as the night went on. Quincy was far too observant for his liking, but he'd already known that from the looks he'd given him and Rose from across the table. Later, Scorpius and Rose had danced to a few more songs because she felt bad—slow songs that didn't involve any lifts. They socialised and laughed and joked around with their small circle of friends (and family); and when Rose was over human interaction, they took a stroll through the garden exhibit, holding hands and debating about whether water could be wet. It was an attempt to divert his questions about her argument with his mother, but he let it pass. Neither were ready the next morning when The Prophet had put their kiss—if it could be called that because Rose had essentially fallen into his face at the perfect angle for their mouths to touch—on the front page of the morning edition with a spectacular headline. They had been the first. By the end of the hour, every media outlet in the damn country had run the story with accompanying photos. Needless to say, all hell broke loose. The press made simple tasks like existing in nature far more complicated. Owls poured in with letters and they never stopped. Hundreds upon hundreds of requests for interviews and comments came not to just their homes, but their parents' homes. Photographers waited outside of their job and every known hangout spot trying to capture a shot of them. Al had lost count of how many journalists tried to access their Floo before he blocked it off. Scorpius' presence at work the on day two had been so distracting that his boss made him use paid holiday time until the frenzy died down. It was non-negotiable. Rose was still off of work due to the Ministry investigation, but she'd gone back to her flat and found her sitting room littered with letters and exploding Howlers. That had pushed her over the edge and she retreated with half her mother's research to The Burrow. Al brought the other half and Scorpius, as the Manor was no longer an option if he wanted to stay sane. Besides, The Burrow was Unplottable. Quincy had come on day four to assist with research and brought Jane, who was being harassed due to her friendship with Rose. After five days, Scorpius was beginning to understand what a caged animal in the zoo felt like. His parents—namely his mother—had been busy doing major damage control since the first article was published, issuing statements, denying the rumours as unfounded. The problem was that silence had always been the best weapon against the media, but his mother didn't listen. In her quest to extinguish the fire, she only fanned the flames to the inferno surrounding them. Scorpius wasn't sure if a photo could speak louder than words, but he knew one thing for certain: Photos didn't lie. The first two were meaningless; they had been talking and laughing and making wild gestures after the nose-breaking ordeal. The third had been taken from behind while they walked hand-in-hand in the garden exhibit. Not uncommon because Rose was tactile and there were many photos of them holding hands in the past. Partly to stop her from wandering off. The fourth had been the 'kiss' itself where the photographer had captured the perfect moment when their mouths touched, but none of the splitting pain and bloodshed that followed. But last photo. Publications were starting to feature it more over the days. It had been taken when he and Rose were posing together. And damn it to hell, Scorpius might as well have been standing there naked, as exposed as he'd left himself; crammed to the brim with words and meaning, ready to share with anyone who knew how to read him. He wondered what Rose thought about it, but she had only grumbled about people not having anything to do with their time and went back to her research. And that was that. Scorpius was tired of thinking and reading, so he stopped doing both and closed the magazine. Tucking it under the blanket he sat on, he shifted on the blanket and focused on the sight in front of him. It was unseasonably warm and sunny at The Burrow, with temperatures reaching almost sixteen degrees. Winter was trying to release its grip early, and Scorpius wasn't too upset. He swapped his glasses for the sunglasses Rose had bought him last summer; they were spelled to adjust to his ever-changing vision. He spotted Quincy, Al, and Jane on a blanket not too far away. Al looked absolutely ridiculous wearing the daisy crown Jane had made him, especially with the look of concentration he wore as he watched his cousin and dad duel. Quincy, meanwhile, watched Jane with extreme delight as she jumped up and down in strawberry decorated overalls and a pale pink shirt, butchering the Slytherin Quidditch chant. "Grin-grin-Slytherin!" She'd gone to school in the States, after all. Ron returned with a bag of popcorn and plopped down in the grass next to Scorpius without taking his eyes off the sight of his daughter dodging another spell. "How is she—" They both cringed when Rose got flattened by a training spell. "Bloody hell." Her father called out, "It's only—" He checked the scoreboard behind them as it magicked another tally mark under Harry's name. "Thirty-seven knockdowns to five!" A vast improvement from her first lesson two days ago when she hadn't scored once. Scorpius gestured to the scoreboard. "Is that necessary?" "Probably not, but it's bloody hilarious." Rose's dad had a strange sense of humour. Ron went back to cheering on his daughter. "You've got this, Rosie!" "I don't have shit!" Rose yelled from the spot she'd landed. When a laughing Harry tried to help her up, she spread her arms and legs, resembling a starfish. "Just leave me here to die!" "You're doing so well!" Albus attempted to encourage his cousin. "You are such a liar!" He just shrugged. "I tried!" "Grin-grin-Slytherin!" Seemed that nobody was going to correct Jane. Rose was attempting to scoot away from Harry, who was trying to pull her to her feet with both hands but was laughing so hard that the task was nearly impossible. Laughter, it seemed was contagious, and he found himself joining in. Ron did as well, spilling popcorn on Scorpius before offering some. He declined while brushing the kernels off his trousers, letting them fall on the blanket. "Sorry." Ron picked up a kernel off the blanket. For a second, he looked like he was about to eat it, but changed his mind. Good. "It's fine." A still-laughing Harry successfully dragged his groaning niece back to her feet. Scorpius looked on as he gave her some pointers and corrected her stance and wand movement before they started again. Despite the fact that she was sweating profusely, her hair wild like fire, Rose went back on the offence and proudly earned her sixth point. "Grin-grin-Slytherin!" She whooped and jumped around, giving Harry a high-five when he got to his feet. He looked proud, even though he rubbed his lower back and declaring, "I'm too old for this." Al and Jane cheered while Quincy clapped. Scorpius proudly applauded with Ron, who pumped his fist in the air. And when their eyes met, for just a moment, Rose's smile became less showy and more genuine. "Don't let your guard down, Rose!" Al called out. "Pay attention!" It was over before Scorpius could file it away. She took her stance. "Does she seem…oddly motivated to you?" Ron asked him while they watched her duel. "She's thrown herself into researching, duelling lessons, and working out her ankle. I'd be proud, if I weren't so suspicious." "It's not like we have much else to do with all this going on," Scorpius picked up and waved the magazine around. Instead of stuffing it under the blanket, he sat it between himself and Ron. He turned his attention back to Rose who now stood with her uncle, listening as he directed her. Regardless, her dad had a point. Rose had a level of focus he hadn't seen in years. It was a bit terrifying. She swore through yoga with Lily. It was only suggested to keep the migraines Rose had recently developed at bay. She ate whatever healthy option Mrs. Weasley provided, and didn't complain too much about the lack of bacon. She spent hours pouring through her mother's notes with him as they tried to piece them together. At night after dinner, when their eyes and brains were tired, Al would drag them both out for entertainment. Well, as much amusement as they could find in the isolation of The Burrow. It usually involved games and stories from school and bonfires and roasting marshmallows; talking and laughing like they had done on breaks from school. James had come by after work every day and caused trouble, Rose had burnt every marshmallow and swore she liked the taste of char, Al had spent most of the time split between talking to Jane and arguing with James, and Lily had just glared at them all. She was above such childishness. When Quincy and Jane showed up at the Burrow yesterday, Jane took over Rose-duty because Lily had to work. Rose didn't swear at all as Jane took her through Sun Salutation or when she made her sit perfectly still and clear her mind. "Grin-grin-Slytherin!" He had to admit he liked having Jane around. Since her arrival, whenever Rose was out of sorts or agitated, Scorpius would find her and Jane doing odd things: soap-making out back, pulling weeds in the garden in preparation for Mrs. Weasley's planting, crocheting lessons in the sitting room, and origami at the kitchen table. All were things that Rose would normally hate, but she did them with Jane without argument and even seemed to enjoy herself. Except for the crocheting. She hated that with a passion and threatened to set it all on fire with the power of her mind. Or something. Jane had just laughed and laughed, not taking her very real threat seriously. He didn't understand their friendship. Rose had barely been able to stand her odd quirks and cheerful disposition when they had first met. So, Scorpius was surprised when Rose brought Jane to an outing about a week later; his wonder only grew when she kept bringing her along. Jane was patient and kind and seemed determined to become Rose's friend, despite her surliness. It seemed that she had accomplished her goal through sheer strength of will. It was remarkable. "I suppose you're right." Her dad said thoughtfully. Scorpius looked at him because it didn't feel like he was finished talking. When he ran a hand over his hair, much like Rose did when she was feeling awkward, he knew there was more. "What do you think about all that?" Scorpius played dumb. "What?" "The rumours." He chose his words carefully. "They're just that. Rumours." Ron made a small, pensive noise as he stuffed a handful of popcorn into his mouth; a few kernels missed. As he chewed, he picked up a kernel that landed on his shirt and tossed it into his mouth as well. He waited until he was finished before he sat down the bag of popcorn and picked up the magazine. "Rumours are always based on fact." Dread rose in him as Ron flipped through Witch Weekly almost lazily before he stopped. He didn't need to look to know what had caught his attention. He was looking at the photos. In particular, that photo. "When I saw this photo, everything clicked. I finally understood what Hermione's been trying to explain to me for years." Scorpius was mortified and unnerved, desperately trying to keep composure. His brain filled to the brim with host of intangible thoughts that were as indistinct as the wind that blew his hair out of place. He knew what her dad was trying to say and his heart pounded out of control. Nausea crept up slowly. Thankfully, his eyes were hidden behind sunglasses because he could only imagine how wide his eyes were. Scorpius felt his face heat up with embarrassment at the thought and—wait a damn minute. How long had her mother known? Could have been five months or five years, for all he knew. Shit. Shit. Scorpius tried to replay every interaction they'd had since their first, but his mind was a jumbled mess of apprehension and stress. It was one thing to accept his feelings for what they were and another to investigate whether Rose actually shared his feelings, but it was a completely different matter altogether to discuss them with her father. Fuck. Scorpius prided himself on keeping his emotions in check, guarding his privacy with maddening efficiency. He hated more than anything else that one photo had blown all his hard work straight to hell. "I'm not sure what you're talking about." It was a piss poor attempt at misdirection. And it didn't work. "You look at her like I look at Hermione." Ron closed the magazine and spent a quiet moment watching Rose practice protective spells, while Scorpius was torn between an internal meltdown and willing himself not to so much as twitch. "Sometimes, I still wonder what her mother sees in me, why she puts up with my shit or even why I put up with her insanity, but I'm glad we never gave up on each other. She's something that only happens once in a lifetime." Her dad looked at Scorpius almost knowingly, flashing just a hint of a smile. "I think you understand what I'm saying." Scorpius gave a jerky nod. He didn't trust his voice. Ron chuckled to himself and shook his head in bewilderment. "When you first started coming around, I never thought I'd be having this conversation. You were just Malfoy's scrawny kid and Al's best friend. I didn't even want you to stay with us when Al got sick because your dad and I never got on, but Hermione overruled me." He chewed his popcorn thoughtfully. "As you two got older, Hermione started hinting at the possibility of—" He looked around awkwardly, up at the sky then down at the grass. Ron seemed to be at a loss for the correct words, but Scorpius knew what he was trying to say. "Well, you know." He did. "I thought she had finally gone completely mental." Scorpius tugged at the collar of his shirt. "When I picture someone for my Rosie, I've never once pictured you." Ron winced and tried to quickly explain. "She's organised chaos and you're just…not. I doubt Rosie knows what she's doing or what she wants from life. I just figure we'll have to wait and watch her to flail around until she figures it out. But you're steady and in control and you've always had a plan. You remind me of Hermione in some ways, and that's why I never thought about you and Rosie." He wondered if he could force the ground to open beneath him through pure self-determination. "Rosie and Hermione don't get on sometimes, so I—" Ron fidgeted with the collar of his shirt. "Hermione likes order, she's practical and bossy; she wants you to live up to your full potential and Rosie's like a rogue bludger. You never know what she's going to go next or who she's going to hit. She's never reacted well when pushed." Ron dug his hand into the bag, eating another handful of popcorn. "But I guess it makes sense. You've always accepted her for who she is, you've never pushed, nor have you ever tried to make her into someone she wasn't." Nothing on Earth could force Rose to do anything that hadn't been her plan all along. Well, nothing…and her mum. "Hermione's always said that you're the yin to her yang, but I didn't see it until the hospital you practically held her together. I never thanked you for being there for her." "I'm her friend." Scorpius said lamely. "Friend?" Ron snorted. "I don't have friends who look at me like that." He said nothing and Rose's dad took his silence as permission to continue ruining his damn day. "She's difficult and stubborn, but you know that. Hermione and I argue about who she got that from. I still say it's her fault." Ron smiled more to himself than at Scorpius, who had only just managed to control his breathing. "She is who she is, but she also inherited a double dose of our insecurities, though Rosie won't admit it on pain of death." Together, they watched Harry and Rose cast protective charms as the wind picked up. "Like me, Rosie has never been good with emotions. I spent years in love with her mum without knowing it. It took a Quidditch accident for me to realise it, a war for me to act on it, and loads of fights and slammed doors for me to understand what it meant to really love someone." Scorpius looked at her dad, who was watching the duelling lesson intently until he suddenly reached out and patted his shoulder in sympathy. It was a move that basically said, 'Good luck in hell, mate.' Just great. Ron looked at him. "She never goes with the flow, especially when it comes to something she doesn't understand. And she won't understand because she inherited my emotional awareness." Scorpius finally spoke up after clearing his throat. "What are you trying to say?" "I don't think Rosie has had a person, outside our family, that means more to her than you." He looked down at his hands, but filed everything away for further processing. "I've always found it strange how different you are from your father. I can't stand him, but he did a good job in raising you to be nothing like he was. I don't necessarily like the idea of you and Rosie because, bloody hell, your dad is still a massive git, no offence." "None taken." "But Hermione has always liked you. And don't get me wrong, I do too. You've always been good for her. Maybe she could be good for you, too. Maybe she can help you open up, liven you up some, and get you out of your own head. Perhaps you'll ground her, be there as she figures out herself and what she wants from life, and be something that she's passionate about. Just…" he ran a hand over his hair. "Be patient with her, don't back her into a corner, and make a damn good plan in case it all goes nuclear when she figures her emotions out." Ron looked pained. "Oh, uhh, don't tell your dad about the nice shit I said about him being a good father." Scorpius laughed hoarsely. "As long as we pretend this conversation never happened." "Deal." When the coast was clear, Scorpius allowed himself to watch Rose. Scientifically. In a quest to figure her out, Scorpius had tuned himself into her frequency, storing the cause and meaning of every interaction for a private moment where he could investigate it for clues, cues, and indications; something that would tell the story of the inner workings of her mind. At least as it pertained to her feelings for him. He hadn't gotten much from her in the past five days: only uncomfortable realisations. Rose looked positively untamed in a too-large Slytherin shirt, leggings, and trainers. Flushed and sweaty from exertion, her ponytail was one gust of wind away from completely coming undone. And Scorpius was…captivated. He knew his feelings, recognised them for what they were, but he never allowed himself to fully understand everything that came with them. Attraction. Interest. Want. And as Scorpius watched her, he found it easy to fall into the trap of just watching her. He quietly liked that she'd left her hair its natural colour after the Gala, but secretly it didn't matter if she dressed up, was dirty from pulling weeds, or had tea stains on her shirt, she would still be beautiful to him. Scorpius was used to his place as her friend; used to ignoring her looks and telling himself that her moments of affection were platonic. In a quest to keep his sanity, he'd kept his own feelings bottled up and sealed away. But since he'd started sorting the puzzle pieces of Rose, since he started trying to answer the questions of her affection; he found it difficult to keep his own feelings restrained. Even now, while watching her duelling lessons with her uncle, the urge to march over there and speak his heart was so overwhelming it made him positively sick. And it wasn't the first time he'd felt the compulsion. His self-control had always been so reliable so moments like those terrified him. But ultimately, he knew he never would. Not until he knew for certain. "Happy Birthday, Scorpius." Ron said out of the blue. "It's tomorrow, yeah?" "Yes." "I'm going out of town with George and I won't be able to attend the party." Party? That was news to him. Because he specifically told Albus no to having a party. He wanted something small at a pub where no one would know them; something with his closest friends, some co-workers, and his cousin, Teddy, if he was in town. Anything would be better than a party. Scorpius never cared for them or the attention that came with one being thrown specifically for him; the prospect of both almost did him in. He tried not to sound as aggravated as he felt. "What party?" Ron made a face and seemed to backpedal out of that portion of the conversation. He pretended to check his watch. "Oh, look at the time. When is—" The rest of what he said was cut off when he did a double-take at his watch. "Oi!" he yelled at Harry, who was lifting his wand after giving Rose instruction. "It's been an hour!" "Okay," Harry waved him off and ended the lesson, scheduling the next one for the day after tomorrow. He told Rose to work on her defensive spells and her stance. "Oh, and ignore the scoreboard because your dad isn't funny." To which, Ron almost fell over laughing. Rose exchanged looks with Harry and they both rolled their eyes. "Seriously, you did great today. I'm proud of your progress." Al might have said it before, but now Rose seemed to preen under her uncle's tutelage, despite the fact that she looked windblown. "Are you sure you don't want to go to the Academy?" "Positive." She rolled her eyes. "Have you seen the way I follow orders? Simple: I don't." They both laughed at the truth. "Rosie!" Ron called over to his daughter. "I brought your favourite ice-cream." "Yay!" She almost jogged towards them with a bemused Harry walking behind her. She freed her ponytail about halfway to them so her hair caught the breeze, streaming behind her like a banner. Scorpius froze, just watching, but got to his feet after Ron. He shook the grass from the blanket before folding it carefully. While Rose tried to jump on her dad's back and he danced away, Scorpius made sure to pocket his glasses and the copy of Witch Weekly as the two joked around. "You're going to break my back! Then what would your mum need me for?" Rose stopped, looking confused. "Why wouldn't mum—" Realisation dawned on her. "Gross!" Her dad cackled. "It's why you're here." She only groaned. "Now I need to be Obliviated." "Rose!" Her uncle and dad chastised simultaneously. Shrugging, she looked at Scorpius. "Too soon?" "Just a bit." And because Rose would know the answer, he asked. "So…what's this about a party tomorrow?" She slapped herself in the forehead and glared at her dad who she assumed—correctly—had told him. Her dad looked sheepish. Scorpius folded his arms, awaiting an answer. "It's Lily. Al and I told her you didn't want a party, but when does she ever listen? She decided you were missing out on a proper celebration because of the press and planned one in like four days. Sorry." "It's not your fault." Scorpius wasn't the least bit amused, but he let it go. He'd get through this one like he got through them all. "Al, Quincy, Jane, do you all want ice-cream?" Ron asked. The three, who were still lounging on the blanket, looked over at once. "Did you say ice-cream?" Al asked, head tilted to the side. "Yep." Ron answered, smiling, as Harry started walking towards his son. "There is also fudge." Jane scrambled to her feet. "Yay!" "Yay!" Rose joined in. "I apologise for every grey hair I put on your head, dad." There weren't many, but enough. "You've caused all my grey hairs. Well, you and your mum. Mainly your mum." They both laughed. Quincy took on the folding duties while Al and Jane walked towards them; the former still sporting the daisy crown. When Harry caught sight of his son, he raised a brow and smiled, draping an arm around his son's shoulder. He said something to Jane that Scorpius didn't catch, but she just grinned and skipped ahead of them towards Rose. Father and son exchanged another look before Al rolled his eyes. Jane and Rose rejoiced for ice-cream until the former reminded Rose that she needed to stretch and pulled her away. Scorpius watched them go before he was caught looking by her dad, who smirked knowingly. Gods. Scorpius shuffled awkwardly, still feeling embarrassed and out of sorts. Ron patted his shoulder again in sympathy and greeted Al, who was busy glaring at his dad. Her dad led the way back to The Burrow, chattering animatedly to Harry about their Blokes Night Out with their mates from school. Scorpius lingered behind with Al, flicking one of the daisies on his crown. "You look stupid." Albus dodged his hand. "Your sunglasses are stupid." "You're both stupid," Quincy said from behind them, carrying the blanket as he walked past them, following Harry and Ron towards the Burrow at a more leisurely pace. He and Al exchanged looks before laughing at their own childishness. By the time they caught their breath, Jane was busy guiding Rose through a series of stretches while the latter muffled her complaints. Al was waiting for them and Scorpius had no choice but to stay as well. He watched his best friend, who kept his eyes on Jane as she adjusted her headband to keep her bangs out her face. "So, you and Jane?" When it had nothing to do with his own heart, Scorpius was nothing if not direct. Besides, he'd seen them at the Gala together and knew just how Al looked when he was smitten. Albus avoided eye-contact, flushed. He awkwardly stepped on a little rock and moving it with his shoe. "Uh." He rubbed his shoulder to show just how out of sorts he actually was. "I'm not sure. She's different." "What did you tell me again?" He rolled his eyes. "You've known Rose as long as you've known me, but I barely know her." "Then get to know her." "You should talk, mate. Did you figure out your puzzle?" Scorpius didn't have to answer because there was a soft pop that signalled Lily's arrival. She startled Rose, who swore loudly. Jane just waved enthusiastically. Lily flashed her a genuine grin, then said something to Rose that made her glare hotly. Lily laughed, only stopping when she spotted him and Albus. There was almost a calculating look on her face as she approached them; a look he didn't like because it was directed at him. Albus had the decency to pat him on the back, which essentially said 'you're on your own, mate' before taking the blanket from his hands and leaving him for Jane and Rose, who had gone back to stretching. He shoved his sister playfully when she said something about the crown on his head. Then Lily was standing in front of him. Society loved to put people in categories and so did Scorpius, but there was no category for Lily Potter. She wasn't a stranger or acquaintance, but not a friend; something in between. She was—and had always been—Al's little sister and Rose's cousin. Lily was almost two years younger and they circled each other during school, never getting close. Of course, he'd gone on vacations with the Potters and Weasleys, but they never interacted much outside of isolated events and chats. Nothing that would ever give her the idea that he thought more of her. However, after Lily finished Hogwarts, she'd been on a mission to change her category through force. And that wasn't how it worked; she couldn't make him see her as anything more, but that never stopped her from forcing herself into his bubble, cornering him every chance she got, and flipping her hair flirtatiously. Lily sounded almost bashful when she greeted him. "Hullo." It was such a direct contrast to her character that it made him pause. Lily was the type that knew she was attractive and used it to her advantage. Everything was done with a purpose: from the way she walked to the clothes she wore to the way her hair fell effortlessly into place. People always compared Rose and Lily, so Scorpius made it a point not to do that...until right then. Lily was everything his mother wanted for him: charming, traditional, beautiful, and influential. But she wasn't what he wanted for himself. Perfection was overrated, and the definition to him meant something completely different. "Come to discuss the birthday plans you made for me?" he asked casually, folding his arms. Lily tucked her hair behind her ears. "I know there's a lot of attention on you and Rose because of the rumours, but I thought we could celebrate your birthday by having something at the Manor in one of the smaller ballrooms. Your grandmother agreed and we sent out invitations via owls two days ago. So far, we have sixty people who have confirmed." "I don't have sixty friends." Hell, there weren't sixty people outside of the Weasleys and Potters that he genuinely liked. Scorpius never had a collector's mentality about friends; scrupulous and discerning. There had been plenty over the years who tried befriending him once the bullying stopped and he became more popular, but he wasn't interested. He'd approached Al and Rose's train car, not just because there was nowhere to sit, but because he had overheard Al talking about his nerves to Rose as they boarded the Hogwarts Express. He'd thought of Al as something of a kindred spirit. From there, he got to know Rose and liked her energy and dry wit. James was trouble, but fun. Henrietta was loyal, but didn't need reassurance. His friends from his House and other Houses were a mix of personalities that meshed well with his. And the few friends he'd made at St. Mungo's made the harder days better. Those were the people he wanted to celebrate with. Not whoever the hell she invited. "I forced Al to give me a list, but it had maybe ten people, which just wasn't enough. A few of my friends wanted to come, too, and I thought you wouldn't mind. And your mum—" "My mother?" he said a little too sharply. Lily was flustered at his tone. "She gave me a list of people she wanted me to invite." Scorpius took the sunglasses off and put them on top of his head. He took deep, measured breaths to keep himself calm as he pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. He already knew the sort of people his mother would have invited and he had little interest to deal with eligible witches and sycophants on his birthday. "Is that fine?" "It's not like I have much of a choice in the matter," Scorpius answered tightly. She rocked forward a bit on her heels with a sultry look on her face and looked as if she were about to tell him something that would cheer him up. "Al and Rose told me you didn't want a party, but it's your birthday and you deserve it. Perhaps if we go together as proper dates," She met his gaze and held it as her tone changed to something almost sensual, "You'll let me make it worth your while." He refused to dignify any of that with a response. Lily played with her earring, trying to temper her confidence with a shy act. "I promise no broken noses." She giggled. "No thanks." "Score." Lily sighed with frustration. He cringed at the nickname. "I know I've been obvious for the past few months about the fact that I like you." Just great. It wasn't like he had been avoiding the conversation, but he'd hoped she would take the hint without a discussion. Scorpius fished his glasses from his pocket and put them on because he needed to be able to see her clearly to emphasise his point. "I only see you as my best mate's sister. That's it." Women like Lily never heard the word no so he wasn't surprised by her comment, "You've never given me a chance." "I don't need to give you a chance to know that we're not compatible," Scorpius said honestly. "You like the idea of me, Lily, but you don't know me. If you did, you'd know to listen to my best friends when they say that I don't want something. My only wish for my birthday was one day where I can be myself around the people who know and care about the real me…and not the Malfoy Heir." She looked a bit remorseful, but he wasn't sure if she was sorry about throwing him an unwanted party or the fact that he'd said something about it. "I…Rose argued with me about the party and I didn't listen to her. I didn't think about it like that. I can cancel." Scorpius shook his head. "It's too late for that now that my grandmother is involved." He looked at her and if his words sounded blunt, then perhaps they needed to be. "It's not really the point that I'm trying to make. Lily, I don't have feelings for you. I've known for months about yours and I've been trying to not embarrass you or give you the wrong idea." "I thought you were just shy." He made a face. "Reserved, yes, but I'm definitely not shy." Scorpius just didn't take risks without knowing every possible outcome. There was a difference. Lily looked as if she were struggling with the concept that he didn't have feelings for her. "Hmm," she said with renewed interest. "If you don't like me, then you must like someone." And he didn't have to say a word because Rose ended the conversation. "Scorpius! Lily!" He looked past Lily and saw they were heading back to The Burrow; Jane skipping beside Albus, who was smiling. Rose pulled up the rear, hair blowing in the wind as she watched them with mild interest. "Are you two coming? Ice-cream waits for no one!" Lily was about to ignore her when she recalled something. "Who said you could have ice-cream?" Rose gave a shout and took off towards the Burrow. Scorpius just laughed and watched as Lily gave chase. Later that night, Scorpius left Al in front of the bonfire with his sister, who had been observing him as if he were an interesting insect she'd pinned to her board. That was dangerous. He'd have to be careful in the future to not further pique her curiosity. Jane had long since gone to bed and Rose had left to continue reading through her mum's notes in the little study they'd converted into a small library for all the books her mother had acquired. Quincy was taking a Fire Call from his mother in the sitting room, the drawing of the dagger in his hands. He regarded the other man with a nod and continued on. Scorpius thought about going to bed, but figured he'd check on Rose to make sure she wasn't drooling on the books. Again. But she wasn't. The table was cleared; books and parchment were stacked to one side while Rose sat at the empty end. The room was warm. She was in pyjamas and her hair still looked damp from her shower, but was starting to frizz. In front of her were two spoons and a glass container of berry trifle that had a candle sticking from the top. When she saw him in the doorway, Rose lit the candle with a snap of her fingers in a display of wandless magic he hadn't known she'd perfected. "Happy birthday." She grinned. "Make a wish." "It's not until…" He checked his watch. "We have ten minutes." "Oi!" Rose glared hotly. "Stop being so bloody particular and come over here." Scorpius smiled and did just that. Their chairs were so close that they may as well have been fused into one seat. They were touching; their shoulders and arms brushing against each other. "I thought you may want something normal and not with fifty of Lily's closest friends." He frowned at the thought, but banished it because trifle in a cramped room meant more to him than a hundred parties. He appreciated the thought. "Did you make this?" "My Nan did, but I assisted." Scorpius gave her a sceptical look. He knew all about her cooking skills. In that she had none. "Okay, Jane assisted, but I was the assistant to the assistant." He chuckled and she smiled brightly in return. "And what does that entail?" "I stayed out the way. Oh, and I didn't sample it. You should be proud. I love my Nan's trifle." She made a gesture towards it. "Hurry up now and blow your candle out. I brought two spoons for a reason." And she seemed excited about the dessert. "I thought it was my birthday," but he blew out the candle anyway. Rose hugged him; her arms trapping his in place. And that was a good thing. Scorpius closed his eyes because she smelled like the vanilla and lavender soap she and Jane had made yesterday and books. His mind raced, but Scorpius remained committed to maintaining proper decorum. He held himself still, willing himself not to do anything stupid like turn his head in the quiet and—Scorpius tried not to choke and silently prayed she couldn't feel his heart beating out Beethoven's Fifth. And she didn't. Rose let him go and reached under the table, pulling out a small box. "For you." "What is it?" Scorpius stared at the box long enough for Rose to prod him. "Aren't you going to open it?" He did and stared at the contents for a full minute, confused. "Is that a vial of sand? Black sand?" "It's actually a Portkey. Completely legal, if you're wondering." He wasn't. "There's a spell to activate it when you're ready. My mum helped with the paperwork." Scorpius just stared at her, almost speechless. "Where does it go?" "Reynisfjara," Rose said slowly, practising the pronunciation as she played with the end of her hair. "You're always talking about travelling the world and I figured this would be a good start. The beach has black sand, how bloody cool is that?" Scorpius almost swallowed his tongue as flashes from his recurring dream slammed into him all at once. The beach with black sand, the woman, and the feelings that accompanied those dreams. He closed the box abruptly; too quick because Rose frowned, looking worried. "If you don't like it—" "I do." He told her sincerely as he moved the box to the side. "Thank you." "Good," she smiled warmly and picked up her spoon. "Because it's trifle time!" It was his birthday, so she allowed him the first bite and they shared. It was sweet, but not terribly so. "It's good, yes?" Scorpius agreed mid-bite, quietly watching her help herself. Strange how he found himself content with sitting in the cramped makeshift library, eating berry trifle with Rose minutes before midnight. Strange how he always found himself content in her presence. He wanted to preserve his version of perfection for later dissection, but couldn't do much right then. So, he did what he could. He contented himself with his view as she contented herself with trifle. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Soooo I decided to do somethings different. Aka these chapters were getting ridiculously out of hand in length that I think me cramming so much into one chapter will take away from the story as a whole (things will be missed) so I'm splitting them in half from here on out. Bonus: the next part is done. Not so bonus: I'm gonna wait until I finish the first part of Chapter 11 (and I'm about 5k into it) before I post it, but I'm making good stride. As always, thanks for your reviews and love. I appreciate it. Also I loved writing every BIT of his scene with Ron. Let's remember, Ron is older so he's had some growing time. Also Ron probably knows Rose better than them all. Because he's her dad. And she has a lot of his quirks. Also weep not for Lily. I wanted Scorpius to be a little more harsh, but he would not out of respect for Al. Also Jane is my fave OC of all time.
Wasted time I cannot say that I was ready for this But when worlds collide And all that I have is all that I want, The words seem to flow and the thoughts They keep running The Sun and the Moon: Mae Chapter Eleven: The Pull of Gravity Scorpius had always been a morning person, but four-thirty was a bit too early to find himself awake. But he was. And Al's snores from the other bed had kept him from falling back asleep. He threw his pillow, hitting him in the face and momentarily stopping his snoring. But the damage was done. Scorpius was awake. He pushed off the covers and sat on the edge of the bed, running his hand through his hair until he felt a little more awake. Figuring he could have at least an hour of quiet before Mrs. Weasley started fussing about his birthday breakfast, Scorpius put on Al's slippers to keep his feet warm and fetched his old Ravenclaw jumper that was hanging on the chair. Throwing it on, he rubbed his eyes and left the room just in time for Albus to roll over on his side and start snoring again. Scorpius balled his covers up and threw them all at him, but Al just snored on He took the stairs down and—and froze at the sight of Hermione, Rose, Quincy, and an older woman he'd never seen before in the sitting room. On the table was a pot of coffee and Hugo's drawing of the dagger that Rose pointedly ignored. The fire kept the room warm and the four were spread across the two sofas. Hermione and Rose on one, Quincy and the stranger on the other. He probably shouldn't think of her as a stranger as she bore a striking resemblance to Quincy. Probably his mother, as he didn't have any siblings. Scorpius cleared his throat, alerting them to his presence. "Good morning," he greeted carefully as he fully entered into the room, unsure of what he was walking into. Everyone greeted him in return. Hermione pushed Rose's legs off hers, much to the latter's dismay. Ignoring her complaints, she stood and embraced him. "Happy birthday, how did you sleep?" Scorpius shrugged. "Al wouldn't stop snoring." Rose snickered into her coffee. He stood between the two sofas, trying to decide on if he would sit next to Quincy or squeeze next to Rose. Hermione chuckled and sat back down, pouring him a cup of coffee. No sugar. Splash of milk. Just how he liked it. Scorpius took the first sip and cleared away the fog of sleep. "This is my mum," Quincy introduced. The woman stood and shook Scorpius's hand. "Nicola Catterick." "Pleasure, Mrs. Catterick." "Please, call me Nicola." Scorpius nodded. Rose made room by scooting a little closer to her mum and he took the spot next to her. "Why is everyone up so early?" "He described Hugo's drawing to his mum last night over the Floo. She contacted my mum and here we are, awake too damn early." Rose told him bluntly. "Mum woke me up fifteen minutes ago, but I'm already planning my nap." Coffee was no longer needed. He was fully awake. Both Nicola and Hermione exchanged looks before the former spoke, "What she said is correct. I was in Ireland when Quincy Fire Called me at the hotel I was staying at. Once he described the dagger, I dropped everything and left the excavation. I wasn't too far, but Hermione coordinated for me to Apparate to Malfoy Manor and then Floo over here. I only just arrived minutes ago. I saw the drawing in person knew I hadn't been too hasty in my departure—" Scorpius frowned. "For you to rush here means it's no ordinary dagger." "It's not," she answered him honestly. "What is it called?" Rose asked. "It doesn't have a name, which is probably for the best. Names can sometimes give something power and this dagger is almost sentient as is. It needs no additional power." "Scorpius," Hermione said his name slowly. "Did you read that book on Symbiotic Magic I gave you?" "Yes." The wheels in his head had been turning since she'd given him the book the day before the Gala and instructed him to read it carefully. The book hadn't gone over his head, but he just wasn't interested in Theoretical Magic. It relied heavily on too many models and abstractions to explain magical phenomena and not on well-known facts. He preferred studying magic he could experiment with and ultimately prove or disprove. Symbiotic magic was interesting, but untested and flawed. However, he had a feeling he was about to give the book a second read. "Good." Hermione made a gesture that effectively gave the other woman the floor to speak. "I'm a little older than your mother, Rose. When the Second War started, I was five years out of Beauxbaton and an Unspeakable in the Department of Mysteries. I had been working in the Hall of Prophecy for two years when it was destroyed in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries." She glanced at Hermione, who was singularly focused on her pouring herself a cup of coffee. They were familiar with the battles fought, having learned about them in History of Magic with Professor Binns. It had been awkward for Al and Rose because they'd heard first-hand accounts that couldn't be taught in class. They had lost Harry's godfather that night; Scorpius' grandfather had also been arrested. That night had changed all their lives. Even his. "We saved what we could in the Hall, and I was transferred to the unit that worked on cursed objects and rarities. We experimented with the magic involved in making those items in an attempt to transfer the magic to other objects or use the magic for different purposes." Quincy's mother picked up the drawing and stared at it. "The dagger used to be kept and studied in that unit, but during the chaos after Voldemort took over the Ministry, the dagger and other rarities went missing. Some were recovered, but most weren't. After the war, I made a career change so I'm not privy to what happened after I left." "Did you work with the dagger Rose saw?" Scorpius asked. "No, but Unspeakables have to have more than a passing knowledge on the everything kept inside the Department. After all, ignorance is deadly." "What did their research consist of?" Quincy asked his mother, looking fascinated. Scorpius got the impression she didn't talk about her time in the Department of Mysteries much. "Mainly how the dagger works, its magical properties, how to manipulate it, etcetera. There was an incident in the sixties that they discussed during training. One of the researchers accidentally bonded with the dagger and it bent him to its will." Rose spoke up. "But it's not cursed, I read through my mum's research." "It's not." She confirmed. "We're not sure where it came from or how it was created, but we do know that it only bonds to be people on death's door. Later they found out that the researcher was dying from exposure to magical radiation from a side project of his. The dagger essentially chose him. It needs to bond or else it will starve. It's—" "Symbiotic, in a way." Scorpius was almost in a daze. He turned to Hermione who looked rather grim as she sipped from her mug. "You highlighted reciprocal altruism. You wanted me to pay attention to it, so that means the dagger and the owner are bonded in a way that mutually benefits them both. The dagger keeps the host alive even when they're close to death and vice versa. The dagger shares the power it takes from its victims with its bonded partner to keep them strong." Hermione confirmed with a short nod, which made Rose frown at her mother. "So," Rose dragged out the word. "How much of this did you already know, mum?" She sighed, but only answered after taking a drink from her coffee. "I had my suspicions and theories, but no hardcore facts. When Rose told me that Quincy did freelance work for the Ministry, I confirmed it with Bill, who told me that his mother was a magical archaeologist who used to work in the Department of Mysteries. When I invited him here, I was thinking more that the dagger was a lost magical relic and less about it belonging to the Department of Mysteries. There's always one detail that I miss." Hermione sounded a bit sad about it. Quincy smiled. "Happy to help anyway." She smiled at him in return. "You've been so much help. Thank you, Quincy." Meanwhile, Scorpius and Rose exchanged looks because sometimes her mum's ability to piece things together with very little information was terrifying. "What happened to the researcher?" Scorpius asked. Nicola picked up the drawing again and stared at it for a moment. "Over the course of a year, he stabbed ten random Department of Mysteries employees in the heart before he was caught. And it took that long to figure it out because they had no visible wounds and their bodies would deteriorate under certain magical testing. They didn't have the technology we have now." Scorpius froze and looked at Hermione. "That's how you—" Nodding grimly, she finished his thought. "That's why I stopped them from doing magical tests on the bodies and why I've been quickly and quietly transferring them to the Muggle Maladies department for autopsies. The entire ward is a dead zone for magic. St. Mungo's has hired Squib Pathologists to run the necessary tests. It's how we discovered their hearts were damaged despite the fact that their bodies were not." "How did they catch him?" Quincy asked, looking a bit overwhelmed. "He got sloppy, or maybe the dagger got greedy, we're not sure. The studies were inconclusive, but the dagger can only feed on a person's magic if they're stabbed in the heart." "Why the heart?" Rose asked. "We never figured that out. The research on the dagger is scattered, at best." She didn't like the answer, but nodded with understanding. "And the incantation?" "I'm not sure." Rose was almost vibrating. He took the cup of coffee from her hands and sat it on the table while her mother put a hand on her knee in an attempt to quell her anxiety. Her hand found his and she laced their fingers together and held on tight. Scorpius looked at her, but she was looking down, deep in thought. "He was ultimately caught when a victim fought back. He ended up chasing her into a section of the Department of Mysteries that was a dead zone for magic. He stabbed her and missed her heart, but didn't know that and left her there. She would have died, but she was found, and she identified him. The more the dagger is used, the stronger the person who is bonded to it becomes. With that being said, it took a combined effort from the Auror Department and the Department of Mysteries to bring him down because he'd gotten far too powerful. He died exactly one year after they separated him from the dagger because the bond was broken by distance. The incident became a teaching topic and one of the department's many dirty secrets." It was silent until Quincy breathed, "Bloody hell." Nicola put the drawing on the table face-down. "Rose." She looked up, face incredibly pale. "Yes?" "I'm not certain how long this person has been bonded to the dagger, but the fight you were in was not a fair one. Either they haven't been bonded long or the dagger hasn't completely warped their mind yet. They had every opportunity to kill you, but they didn't." "Somehow," she chuckled almost hysterically. "I don't find that very comforting." Rose's default had always been sarcasm. Hermione turned to her daughter. "The Department of Mysteries answers to no one, not even to the Minister, so we're on our own. Quincy's mother wants to make a statement about what she knows to the DMLE, but we can't compel The Department of Mysteries to comply with our investigation or even admit to the truth." "At least her statement will be able to help the hospital guard the patients and—" "Forget the bet," her mother said abruptly. "We'll call it a draw. You don't have to go back." Rose frowned and said something he—nor her mother—expected. "I'm not running from this," she said lowly; her voice laced with a fire he hadn't heard from her. "I won't run for this, even though all I want to do is take the out that you're giving me. What if what happened to me happens to someone else? Someone like Jane? Someone without a family like ours? What then?" "The DMLE will handle it, I promise." Hermione pressed on after a short pause. "But this is far bigger than you or any of us, and you're too involved. This person knows you, Rose. They've seen your face. They know your name. It's not over, no matter what you think. They let you live. And while I'm thankful for it, the reason why terrifies me." "Mum—" Hermione's voice was thick with emotion. "I know that I'm ultimately the blame for this. I pushed you into the fire when I got you this job, and it's quickly become my biggest regret." Rose tried to comfort her the only way she knew how: with a joke. "I've got dad's rotten luck, you know that." Her mother chuckled, but it lacked humour. "It seems that no matter how much we protect you; you've still managed to find trouble. Or maybe it found you. It doesn't matter. When it comes down to it, you are far more important to me than a bloody bet, Rose." "Mum," she put her hand on top of Hermione's, which was still resting on her leg. "It's okay." Scorpius spoke up. "With Nicola's statement, it will help everyone understand what to look for and what we're dealing with. You may get the attention of the Department of Mysteries. They may assist, after all, they may want their dagger back." Hermione looked at him first, then at her daughter; her scepticism was almost palpable. "I'm not alone, mum," Rose told her. "I've got Scorpius and Al. I've got Jane and Quincy. I've got the full force of our entire family and Scorpius's dad. I'll get through this Inquiry whenever it happens and I'll get cleared to go back to work. I'll be careful, I promise, but I'm not going to quit. I've finally found something I don't hate. I like working for Lavender. I like what I do. Is it something I want to do forever? I'm not certain, but for here and now, I'd like to stay." "Rose…" her mother sighed. "By the time I return, everyone should have been briefed and security should be on high alert. Uncle Harry has been giving me duelling lessons so if anything happens, I'll be better prepared. Now that we know better, we can do better. They'll find whoever it is and the entire combined force of the hospital and the DMLE and perhaps the Department of Mysteries will rain down on them. The dagger will go back and we'll call it a job well done because it won't be our problem anymore. Then, I'm going to take a damn nap and eat enough carbs to turn into one." Hermione chuckled. "Really, Rose? Until you turn into one?" "It'll be brilliant." Rose's plan seemed a little too simple to work, and judging from the look on her mother's, she agreed. But she wasn't going to say anything. And neither would he. Mrs. Weasley was known for her excellent timing and came into the sitting room, humming a tune and wearing her breakfast apron. "Oh, people!" She spotted the only person in the room she didn't know. "I'm Molly Weasley." "This is my mum." Quincy introduced. His mother stood, smiling brightly. As the two women shook hands, Nicola complimented her home. Rose rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, yawning. He shifted a little to make sure she was comfortable and looked up to find Hermione looking at the two of them fondly. He didn't have time to react because Mrs. Weasley announced, "It's Scorpius' birthday today. I'm making all his favourites, if you want to stay for breakfast." Her eyes landed on them and she smiled. "Rose, love, go take a kip before breakfast. Okay?" To which dragged herself to her feet and stretched, turning her head from side to side. Scorpius watched her. Rose slipped past Mrs. Weasley, who was busy rattling off everyone who was coming. Bill and Fleur, Teddy and Victoire. George and Angelina. Harry and Ginny. Ron. Al, Lily and Jane, who were upstairs sleeping. James, but not Matilda. She mentioned Henrietta, who he hadn't known was set to come to breakfast. His father's arrival interrupted her. He stepped out the fireplace, looking around. He wore casual clothes and Hermione greeted him from her spot with a wave and a 'we have plenty to discuss' look that his dad gave a short nod to in response before his gaze fell on him. Scorpius stood and accepted the hug his father offered. "Happy birthday, son." And though his mind was racing with everything they'd learned, he smiled. "Thanks dad." Scorpius had no idea what to expect for a Lily Potter party, but he knew one thing: there were a lot more than sixty people crammed in the room, that was for certain. The party was in high gear when they walked in. The room was decorated with silver and Ravenclaw blue balloons that covered the entire length of the ceiling. Tables lined the walls of the room, but there weren't many people sitting. The lights were dim and the DJ was playing a song he didn't exactly care for, but the people on the dance floor seemed to enjoy. He figured that would be the statement of his evening. Next to him, Rose looked around as she fiddled with her dress—that she'd worn voluntarily. He was still confused by the sight of her, but she looked very much like herself in an almost knee-length black dress with white polka dots. She had on black tights and boots. Jane left her hair down, but her curls were managed. For the moment, at least. "This looks like every nightmare I had as a child." Rose said grimly. Silently, he agreed, as he frowned distastefully at two strangers snogging in the corner. Rose noticed them as well. "Why are they—so this is what hell looks like. I'm glad your grandmother isn't here." Her tone turned incredibly posh. "She'd need to be revived with smelling salts from the sheer indignities happening all around us." And though Rose was joking, she wasn't wrong. He quietly wondered where his grandmother was or how Lily managed to convince her to leave them be. Whatever she'd done, it was likely for the best. Scorpius looked away, but it seemed that each sight offended him more than the previous. From the gyrating bodies on the dance floor to the snogging couples to the bubbles pouring from the DJ's booth. "The only way out of hell is—" "Through it," he finished. Rose nudged him. "If you stay for an hour, I'll cover for you with Lily, but you'll owe me." "Name it." Because he wasn't above making a deal and Rose wasn't either. "Two movies, my choice, and—" Scorpius groaned because of her terrible her taste was in movies. "Oi!" she hit him in the arm. "And you to get rid of the Howlers in my flat." That was far easier than he expected, movies aside. "Deal." They shook on it. He hated house parties because they were loud and intrusive and the music was never right; there were far too many people and they cared too much about their appearance. He could hardly think with all the noise. Scorpius didn't mind the rave because he'd walked in knowing he wasn't going to be the centre of attention. Tonight was different. Al and Quincy dragged Jane and Rose into the crowd in an attempt to find somewhere to sit. Scorpius followed at a slower pace because he kept getting stopped by strangers greeting him and wishing him a happy birthday. Some even had small cameras and asked to take a picture with him. It was overwhelming, but he was on duty tonight and obliged, though the tension in his shoulders almost weighed him down. Alas, he didn't need another reason to end up in the papers. When the crowd spit him out, Rose was the only one sitting at the table in the corner. Because where else would she be? She was indulging in finger food, looking around as if she were expecting Lily to jump out and shove a plate of vegetables in her face. Next to her sat two shots of what looked like Firewhisky. He indulged himself with one because he'd need it if he was going to make it through the night. And he welcomed the burn. "They're both for you," Rose told him as she turned in her seat towards him, smoothing down her dress carefully. He sat down next to her, but turned in his chair to face her. Their knees touched and Rose eyed him carefully. "You've been wound a bit tight most of the day." Scorpius didn't deny it. They'd spend the late morning anonymously roaming around Camden Park with Al, Quincy, and Jane. The early afternoon was spent at a pub having lunch and beers like normal people, which was fun. And they'd spent the late afternoon watching the sun set at Sky Garden. The name had been misleading, but the view of London had been spectacular. He'd had fun, but as the day went on, a restlessness settled over him. Scorpius would have been perfectly content if breakfast and their day out had been the only thing that he'd done to celebrate his birthday, but it wasn't. He remembered their agreement and knocked back the second Firewhisky. Gods, it burned far worse than the first. It made him clear his throat. "Where is everyone?" He placed his elbow on the table and looked around, trying to look relaxed. It wasn't working. "Al and Jane went to dance…or jump around. Whichever." She bit back a smile. "Lily found us and she dragged Quincy off to look for you." Scorpius groaned. Rose patted his arm in understanding. "She's a pest, but—nope, full stop. She's a pest." He cracked a smile. Scorpius was about to say something else when someone approached them. She had short, dark hair and looked a little too posh for the setting. Likely one of his mother's invites. "Scorpius Malfoy?" He confirmed it with a look. "And you are?" "Matilda Nott." She introduced herself. "Our fathers went to school together." Great. "This is Rose Weasley," he gestured. Rose had a mouthful of food and only waved. "Pleasure." And it sounded fake even to his ears. "I was wondering if you wanted a drink." She smiled boldly. "I'll even let you ask me to dance." "No thanks." He was about to continue talking to Rose when she asked, "Are the rumours true?" Rose stopped chewing and cut her eyes at him in a way that said, 'handle it before I do.' No one wanted her version of 'handling it'. There would be hexes and they would be in the papers for a completely different reason. Before he could say anything else, Matilda chuckled. "Really? Her? She's got food on her face." Scorpius looked, and sure enough, she had a bit of sauce on the corner of her mouth. Rose wiped it off with her thumb…that she jammed into her mouth. Waste not. "She's nothing—" "Just know that Nothing isn't above throwing Bat Bogey hexes at a damn birthday party." Rose's tone was light, but her glare was hard. "Please consider that a threat and a promise." She left quickly. And while she was the first to approach their table, Matilda wasn't the last. People—strangers—kept approaching them for one asinine reason after the next. Some asked questions and others blatantly took their photo as they walked by, but majority were witches who tried to get his attention. They were worse than the media. After about forty minutes of stopping witch after witch from speaking ill about Rose to her face or listening to them speculate about the rumours surrounding them, he was over being polite for the sake of obligation. Rose was as well—if her increasingly aggressive comebacks had said anything. Quincy returned without Lily, but with a small tray with seven small Firewhisky shots that the three of them split unevenly. Not enough to do harm to their sobriety, but enough to maybe loosen them up. Quincy had three because Lily stressed him out. Rose had three because that was her limit and she was trying not to pull a Carrie—whatever that meant. And he had one because that was all left. When Quincy sat the empty tray down on the table, he offered his arm to Rose, who still looked perturbed. "Do you want to dance?" She frowned. "I'm not in the mood." "Pretty sure dancing will make you feel better once the Firewhisky kicks in." "The music is shit." "You're just going to do the robot anyway." She thought about it for a moment. "True." Rose eyed Scorpius, not really asking for permission, but to let him know he should go while he could. When he nodded, Rose accepted Quincy's arm, but only after shoving him hard enough to make him stumble. "You're a mean drunk, Rose." "I'm not drunk. A couple of small drinks hardly equates to a loss of sobriety." Quincy eyed her. "Are you going to battle linguistics with me?" "No, but if we don't go soon, I'm going to leave you with your zealots." He thought about it for a second and pulled her into the crowd. Scorpius stayed just long enough to make sure the coast was clear before he made his way to the exit. No matter where he went, he could feel the bass from the speakers in the ballroom, so he gave up searching for a quiet spot and ended up the small sitting room down the hall. Scorpius started the fire with a flick of his wand and summoned the book on Symbiotic Magic that he'd left at the Manor after finishing. He caught the book in one hand and opened it up to the first page. Scorpius was four chapters in when he heard the door creak open, but didn't look up. He was leaned forward, making notes on the parchment he'd found on one of the shelves. A throat cleared and he looked over to find Rose standing there with her hands on her hips. "Lily's looking for you," and looked terribly put out about it. "She wants to sing Happy Birthday to you. I tried, but she's not taking piss off for an answer anymore." He cringed. "My sentiments exactly. I'm only here because there's a cake and I want it. I was content to let you hide." "You'd turn me in for cake?" he half-joked. Rose just looked at him. "I'll take that as a yes." She just smiled. It looked a bit manic. A few moment later, Rose sat down next to him, peering at his notes. "Are you really re-reading that book my mum gave you?" "I thought with everything we found out this morning that it would warrant a second read." "That's true," she got comfortable next to him, crossing her legs at the knee. "To be honest, I haven't thought about any of it because it's a lot to take in. It's a bit overwhelming, actually." Scorpius snorted in agreement, and used his wand to bookmark the page he'd been reading. "Did you mean what you said to your mother? About not wanting to quit?" Rose looked at him. Her eyes were honest and as he had that morning, he believed her when she said, "I can hardly believe it myself, but yes. Honestly, it has very little to do with the job itself. I enjoy it, but with this going on, I wouldn't feel right. You work there and Jane does too, not to mention Al told me they're talking about letting him join the St. Mungo's team now that my mum isn't over it." Rose frowned. "There are too many people I care about getting tangled up in this mess for me to sit and watch from the stands." "You care about Jane?" He hadn't intended to ask the question, but found himself curious about the answer. "She's so damn happy all the time and it's annoying, but she's…my friend." Rose sounded equally as fond and put out, which he found funny. "All joking aside, I'm still trying to figure out how that shit happened." Rose didn't make friends easy. "Maybe it was the day she shared her sandwich with me because I said I liked roast beef…" she mused. "Or maybe when she talked like Yoda for five full minutes." Rose smiled at the memory. "Probably that." Eventually, her smile faded and she sobered, and he did as well. For a long while, they were quiet together as the bass from the speakers at the party went on. As the silence stretched, Rose seemed to slip back into the pensive mood she'd been in for days. However, the quiet between them wasn't the sort where Scorpius felt the need to fill it with questions about her mood. She would tell him what was bothering her eventually. Scorpius sat back and Rose shifted closer, leaning against him and resting her head against his shoulder like she'd done that morning. No different than usual. There was peace between them and Scorpius wasn't sure who it came from. It certainly hadn't come from him, but it left him feeling very still, inside and out. In the tranquillity where the music thumped in the background, he found himself once again wanting to rewind time as he tried to deduce her sentiments. It seemed the only time he wanted to think about her was when she was in front of him. What her father had said about her was true, all of it, but it was everything Scorpius liked about her. Rose was an agent of chaos, unpredictable and did everything her own way—whether right or wrong. Her greatest weapon had always been her mind, and when necessary, Rose would show just a hint of its strength, but not enough for there to be expectations of her. With a mind like hers, even in school, Scorpius had expected that she would know everything—her place and purpose in everything—like her mother. But she just didn't. And neither did he. Scorpius, despite his love for organisation and his expert level of composure, still didn't have all the answers. He was just turning twenty-one, but still waffled and stirred like he did at eighteen. At seventeen. At sixteen. At fifteen. Especially when it came to her. "My mum's about to be appointed Minister." Rose said it as if she were telling him the weather. Scorpius found that all he could say was: "Oh." "Yeah." And he understood her mood for the last few days. Rose wanted to be normal. It was something they'd discussed at great length when they were teenagers trying to figure out their place in their world. Honestly, even without her mother's status, she would never be normal. He'd met a lot of people, knew a lot of women, and dated more than enough witches, but he'd yet to stumble upon one that was anything like Rose. "How do you feel about it?" Scorpius asked carefully. "I'm happy for her, but it's complicated. I haven't had a moment to think about it. It's all been about this damn dagger." Rose sounded frustrated enough to sit up, then stand and cross the room to the bookshelf where she ran her fingers along each book on the row. Scorpius stood as well, though he didn't know why. "My mum can't be involved, which is why she left me her research. It looks bad when the future Minister's daughter is the centre of a murder investigation…as the suspect. I think that's why the Cauldwell is aiming at me so hard." Rose sighed and the weariness in it was real. "I told her not to block it. There is enough evidence to prove I'm not the killer, but I am a witness, in a way. So, I told her to let them question me again in a formal Inquiry. I don't want favouritism." He said nothing. "I just…" Her second sigh told him a bit of her true level of stress and worry. "I just want this dagger to be found, the person to be arrested, and things to go back to some version of normal. Perhaps then I can begin to process the fact that my mum—who once set fire to my dad's old Quidditch uniform in a fit of rage—is about the be one of the most powerful people in Wizarding Europe." Scorpius joined her at the bookshelf, but her back was to him. "I suppose the rumours don't help," he said lightly. Rose turned around; her face a mix of several things that he couldn't interpret. It made him want to study her. Lately, he'd seen faces and emotions that he couldn't read—or hadn't noticed—and all he could do was wonder when had that happened. Rose was notoriously private about things that truly bothered her, but he knew for a fact that she had opened up to him more than she had to Albus. Not everything, but some. "No, it doesn't." Rose said slowly. "But I don't give a damn about the rumours or what people say about me. I never have. You know that." He did. She looked down at her boots. "I just care about how the rumours are affecting you. I know they are. You've read every article in every publication; seen every picture. I know you argued with your mum about her issuing denials. You think I didn't notice?" No, he didn't think she had. His only comfort was that she hadn't noticed the right thing. Rose had been in her own planet for days, and he just orbited around her like a satellite. Every now and then, he'd wobble close, feel the initial pull of her gravity, but move away before he got trapped. And he had been content with it at the time because he was busy trying to figure her out. Now Scorpius wasn't so sure. It felt strange to know that all along, she'd noticed and watched when he wasn't paying attention. "That photo isn't real." Scorpius wasn't sure which one she was talking about. "It was just a well-timed picture of us before I broke your nose." Oh, that one. "Honestly, it aggravates me that there's been so much attention on something so meaningless. I wish the media would just leave us alone, but because they have nothing better to talk about, they won't." That was true. "I hate that I can't go anywhere or do anything without someone trying to take my photo or some journalist hag asking me about the rumours. Having this party was the worst fucking idea Lily has ever had and I should have fought her harder about it." Rose said hotly. He could tell her anger was situational and not directed at anyone. She was merely ranting. "If one more person tests me tonight, I swear I'll bring this entire Manor down around us. If one more person calls me—" "I thought you don't care what they say about you." Rose's rant stalled and she looked over at him, face in a deep frown. "People have said far worse about me, but what they're doing is questioning your judgment. You don't deserve that." "It'll all die down soon anyway. It always does." She looked down at her hands that were balled up. "Well, it needs to hurry up and die because I've got too much shit going on to care about something as bloody stupid as rumours. Who cares if our mouths touched? Big fucking deal! It wasn't even a real bloody kiss. It was just a picture taken when our mouths were like this." Rose pushed up on her feet and pressed their mouths together. Nothing more. Nothing less. Except that it wasn't followed by blood and pain. Rose jerked back before he could process what had happened. "Oh," she whispered, eyes still locked on him. What did that even mean? Her hands went to his shoulders to keep her balance as she searched his face. He wasn't sure what she was looking for, but Scorpius wondered if Rose was looking for the same thing he'd been searching for since he'd been confronted by the impossible question. But her face remained unreadable, closed-off and private. He briefly wondered what would happen if he took the perfect opportunity in front of him. And before he could analyse the entire situation to death, he did just that. It was the single most impulsive thing he'd ever done in his life. His hand went to her neck, cupping it as he leaned in, mouth hovering over hers. He made sure to keep his touch as gentle as possible. Part of him was hesitant, a larger part was bloody terrified, but the majority of him fell into kissing her once Scorpius asked for the permission Rose granted by not punching him in the face when he pressed his mouth to hers. Rose kissed very much like who she was as a person: without abandon or restraint, but so damn scattered that initially he gripped her shoulders to keep her from stepping back into the bookshelf. She kissed as if she had never flown before; exhilarated by the dips and dives and formations, but knowing she would never get on another broom again…so she had to make it count. And though he had initiated it, all Scorpius could do was hold on tight and go where she wanted to take them; move with her, touch her. Her skin was warm; she felt like fire burning against him and it was too much. Her kisses became hard, frenzied, demanding; a crush of lips and a bit of teeth. Rose had always been tactile, but was unsure of where to put her hands so she put them everywhere. She fisted his jumper and ran up his back against the fabric. They were in his hair and one curled behind his neck. All his senses were in overdrive and he couldn't take it. But when Rose broke away just enough to change the angle and take off his glasses, tossing them somewhere, Scorpius grasped the chance to douse water on her flames and take control. Change the tempo. Slow her. Guide her. Teach her. He cupped her face and his lips grazed hers once, then twice. He took his time, opening her up, giving himself the opportunity to learn a completely new side of her. And when she tried to make demands—when she tried to return to the frenzy—Scorpius nipped her lip, nearly hissing when Rose dragged her hands down his back. It was heady, a rush he hadn't experienced before or expected, but didn't allow her to overrule his good sense. So, he kept the tempo he created; caressing her mouth with his, making the kiss deeper and slower until she understood that she wasn't in control anymore. And she relented. "Breathe," Scorpius murmured, unsure if he was talking to her or himself. Everything else was silent, except for the bass rattling from the party and their ragged breathing as they gripped each other like a buoy. He kept his eyes closed and their foreheads pressed together, noses touching, until he decided to search her face. She was close enough for him to see without glasses and Scorpius wondered if his face was as open and honest and raw as he felt. He wondered if she could see everything that he kept quiet. But then Rose kissed him. It was gentle and almost tentative, drained of the impatient frenzy from before. He thought of it as a do-over; as if she were testing out the waters on her own. But Rose's hand came to his cheek, keeping the slow drag of lips that he'd established before and, well…it was enough to silence all thoughts; stop his analysis. His hands moved to her lower back, not too low, but damn if she didn't just arch into him, making a noise that shot white hot electricity down his spine. It had no translation, yet he understood it perfectly. Gods. It took all his willpower not to lose himself in everything he was feeling; to fill himself to the brim with the emotions he had tried so hard to keep buried. If it hurt later, then that was later and this was now. It was worth any kind of pain Rose drew in a gasping breath and released it, hands shaking. Scorpius went right back to her mouth, continuing the build, the slow climb. Where were they going? He wasn't sure. All he knew was that it went go on and on. He lost track of it as they drifted, breaking apart for air, but never truly parting. It was just an endless feeling of their lips moving together, slow and languid, but the heat he thought he'd doused was still there. There was just a hint of her tongue brushing against his; her hands everywhere on him and his hands steady on her. Scorpius wondered how much he could stand before— The sound of books—multiple books—hitting the hardwood brought them out of their haze. He and Rose looked over at the books that had fallen, up to where they'd fallen from, and finally at each other. For some inexplicable reason, they started laughing uncontrollably, clutching their sides; all tension completely gone. Scorpius had no clue why he found it so hysterical and was sure Rose didn't either as she wiped the tears from her eyes. "Where are my glasses?" His voice sounded strangled to him. Rose found them on the floor next to the armchair. They were, miraculously, not broken. While Scorpius checked for scratches, Rose picked the books up, handing them to him once he was ready to take them. One by one, they silently worked until each book was put back in its proper place. Scorpius attempted to fix his hair without much success; Rose's was hopeless. He hadn't realised his hands had been in her hair at one point, but figured she could easily blame it on the crowded party and her flush on the heat of the room. Perhaps he could blame his on that, too. Her lips were moist and red and she was worrying her bottom lip with her teeth. "We should go before Lily stabs me with the cake knife." He was only half-prepared for her answer, but asked the question anyway: "Are you okay?" "Yep," Rose waved her hand so casually it looked lazy and carefree. "That was nothing." She smoothed down her hair in a wasted effort and started to the door. As they walked back to the party, Scorpius kept his eyes on Rose as the remaining pieces of the puzzle he had been working on fit together. He kept his face carefully blank and replied to her pointless argument about how muffins were cake in a way that wouldn't make her suspicious. First: muffins were not cake. Second: he had the answer he'd been looking for all week. Because her response to his question had been a lie. And how did he know? It was simple. Rose had a tell. It was almost dawn when they returned to the Burrow. The party had been heralded as a success by Lily, even though when they sang Happy Birthday, more than half the attendees butchered his name in their inebriation…or ignorance, perhaps. Not that it really mattered. Scorpius spent the rest of the party surrounded by his inner circle of friends; the ten Al had listed to invite. He found himself enjoying cake with Rose, talking to Teddy and James, arguing with Henrietta who had showed up very late, laughing with his roommates from Hogwarts over their Ravenclaw hijinks, dancing with Victoire and Jane, drinking with Al and Quincy. By the time he realised it was late, hours had passed and most of the attendees had already left. Lily went back to her flat after making sure everything was sorted by the House-elves. "Where do I put her?" Quincy asked, casually adjusting a snoring Rose in his arms. Albus snapped his fingers in front of his sleeping cousin's face and whistled lowly. "She's completely pissed. She's going to be done for tomorrow." Rose's relationship with alcohol was complicated. She'd instilled a three-drink limit after a regretful snog with an ex-boyfriend of her roommates during a party Sixth Year. She stuck to that limit faithfully…until that night when she blew right past it after eating three pieces of birthday cake. James had produced three bottles of Ogden's. The group finished one together, the second was currently in Al's hand, but Victoire, Rose, and Jane had finished the third on their own. They'd gone from chatting and drinking to laughing at everything meaningless and dancing the night away like the best of friends. Teddy had all but carried Victoire, who was declaring her love for life and everyone, to the Floo just before they'd come back, and Jane… Well, she showed no signs of being intoxicated outside her flushed cheeks and cheerful giggles. Scorpius was still puzzled. Al was absolutely amazed. "Bring her upstairs, I'll get her situated." Jane told Quincy merrily, but stopped and made a sad face. "Oh, no. I didn't bring anything to help with hangovers. I don't get them much. Or at all, actually." "I think I have something," Quincy told her and all was right and well in Jane's world again. Together, he and Al watched as she grinned and led the way out the room. They listened to her and Quincy's chatter and the sound of their steps echoing until they were out of earshot. "Good birthday?" Al asked, clapping him on the back. Scorpius nodded. "But I'm not really tired." Al shook the remainder of the nearly full bottle of Ogden's in his hand and grinned. "Want to finish it?" That was how they found themselves outside not too long later, passing the bottle back and forth—because Al was too lazy to get cups and Scorpius didn't feel like arguing. They sat in front of the fire he'd started out back with a quick flourish of his wand. It was cold enough for warming charms, but not windy so the flames stayed contained. Quincy joined them almost twenty minutes later, sitting on the bench next to Al. He declined the Firewhisky offered and produced his wand. "How's Rose?" Albus asked as Quincy set his own warming charm. "Jane got her up to drink some water and a potion." He shrugged a bit. "She had her all taken care of, so I left her to it." Al thought about it for a moment. "I don't think I've ever seen her that pissed before." Quincy looked confused. "She's not much of a drinker?" "Not really." Al took another drink from the bottle. "She has rules." He passed the bottle to Scorpius, who held it before taking a sip. He wasn't intoxicated, but had been teetering through the stages of inebriation all evening and was currently at the point where the Ogden's didn't burn. Ah, just past his own limit then…and Scorpius wasn't interested in stopping just yet. He'd started drinking at the party earlier with their kiss—snog, if he was being honest with himself—on his mind, but decided to store it away until the next day when he was sober enough to truly process what had transpired. Whereas Al was cheery, loud, and extremely personable under Firewhisky's influence, Scorpius was an exaggerated version of himself. Quiet and introspective still, but far more casual. He'd taken on an almost permanent flush during the course of the evening and his glasses refused to stay straight. He smiled some, laughed a lot, but spoke less as the Ogden's worked on him. He and Al had been passing the bottle between them for half an hour now, so he was barely listening to their conversation. His defences were almost too low. He was amongst friends, after all. So, Scorpius wasn't the least bit prepared when Albus casually bumped his shoulder and said, "I wonder if she broke her rule after snogging Scorpius." And nearly choked, coughing and sputtering; tears forming in his eyes as Firewhisky shot out his mouth and nose. Gracelessly, he spat the rest on the ground next to him and wiped his face. Al only patted his back, hard, while he recovered. He didn't look the least bit sorry. The bastard. Quincy, on the other hand, looked extremely intrigued, accepting the bottle Al had handed to him as he waited patiently for him to stop choking to death. In his current state, Scorpius couldn't have the nervous breakdown he was owed and that was probably a good thing. However, he could hardly string two conscious thoughts together or say anything to divert the conversation away from him. Not that it stopped him from trying. "I didn't—we didn't—" Albus just gave him a look that he knew all too well. He was doomed to have a chat about a topic he didn't want to think about until he was sober. Because Al was his best friend and knew him better than anyone. He was also was perceptive when he felt like it. Still, Scorpius managed to ask, "Um, how—" "Wait, so it's true?" Quincy blurted out. He took a drink from the bottle and when Al reached for it, he gave it back with his full attention still on Scorpius. "Bloody—" "Did you figure that out?" he lamely finished his question. The Ogden's wouldn't allow him to panic. Al leaned back on his bench. "It was obvious, to me at least, so don't worry." Scorpius audibly exhaled at that. "I know you both well. You were flushed and dazed and she didn't look much better. Your clothes were out of place." He reached over and tugged Scorpius' jumper where the stitching was no longer right. "Also, her hair was not like that when she left and neither was yours." He groaned, covering his face with his hands. "Wait." Quincy sounded almost excited. "So, what happened?" "Um." Scorpius lowered his hands and looked at his best friend. "Look, as much as I don't want to hear about my cousin being snogged into alcoholism, you'd better start talking." It was awkward and he found himself stuttering a bit, probably from the Firewhisky, but Scorpius told them what happened and left out certain details and conversation topics. Mainly about her mother's new position because it wasn't just the two of them out there. Al listened patiently, as always. He didn't interrupt, nor did he ask for extra details like Quincy, but he drank a good bit of the Ogden's. Which made sense, after all. Scorpius was not impulsive nor did he ever do anything he deemed foolish, but his actions had been a direct contrast of his character. However, as Scorpius narrated, strangely enough, he felt no pangs of regret or embarrassment. The awkwardness came more from the fact that he was talking to Al about his cousin. But kissing her…well, the timing hadn't been great, with everything going on, and later he'd regret that. Maybe, in the light of a new day, he would also wince about the fact that he'd left himself open and exposed to her. Perhaps he would overanalyse every damn moment of it once the Ogden's wore off and the sun rose. But right then, the tension Scorpius had been carrying for what seemed like years was…gone. Just like that. And Albus, despite his drinking, looked proud. "I'm shocked you actually went for it, mate." He was too, if he was being honest with himself. "So," Quincy leaned forward a bit, looking at him curiously. "What now?" "I'm going to wait." Quincy looked at him as if he were a complete idiot. "That's the stupidest shit I've ever heard. What you need to do is when she gets started on her research in the library, go in there, close the door, and just—" Scorpius laughed, but there wasn't much humour in it. "You obviously don't know Rose." He only shrugged in response. "Maybe not, but I know women. And—" "Has she once done anything a normal woman would do around you?" Al asked dryly. Quincy thought about it, and drank a bit of Ogden's before he waggled his eyebrows. "Well, if Rose were a normal witch, it wouldn't take much effort on my part for her to let me shag—" "Oi!" Al and Scorpius said simultaneously. The former pulled at his dark hair in frustration. "Fucking hell, Quincy! I'd like to get through this conversation with my sanity intact. She's still my cousin." He just shrugged innocently, and started to drink a little before Al snatched the bottle away. "No more for you!" Scorpius almost laughed, but the beginnings of a headache crept along the base of his skull and it made him stop. He turned his head from side to side to make it go away, but it refused to leave him alone. It was probably time for another drink. He reached for the bottle in Al's hand and drank a few swallows before handing it back. "Okay, sorry mate." He shoved Al a bit in apology, then looked over at Scorpius. It took him a full minute to choose his next words carefully. "She's…you know, I tried to chat her up when we first met, right?" Scorpius nodded. He'd seen him talking to her at the New Year's Party, then when they showed up to the rave. There may have been a twinge of jealousy at the rave, and perhaps a little more when they had lunch with his father after her attack, but there hadn't been any hard feelings since the Gala. Quincy shrugged a bit awkwardly as he scratched behind his ear. "Well, I tried to ask her to the rave as proper dates, but she looked at me as if I were some special sort of idiot before she shut me down. Not the reaction I would have gotten from anyone else. I spent an hour with a bruised ego, wondering if I still—" He thought about it then grinned deviously. "The twins helped me realise that I've still got it." Al looked intrigued. "Twins?" "Twins." Quincy nodded, giving him a knowing look as his grin grew wider. Scorpius groaned. "Don't worry about me, I'll just throw myself in this damn fire." Al and Quincy laughed. He was a little irritated by them both. "Are you two finished?" When they stopped laughing, his best friend handed Quincy the bottle. He took a drink and said, "Well, at least now I know why nothing I tried on Rose ever worked." Albus snorted. "Mate, trust me when I say, nothing would have worked on her. Intentional or not, she won't let anyone closer than she wants them to be, if that makes any sense." That was true. "She'll argue you down about every mundane topic on Earth, but when you approach her with something that hits too close to home or something that's too personal, she'll just—Rose her way out of it." And Al waved his hands around in an attempt to describe the indescribable. "What the hell does that mean?" Quincy asked. Scorpius shook his head. "We still have no idea." "Some sort of verbal gymnastics Rose does when she doesn't want to talk about something. Sometimes she starts random debates about stupid topics that make no sense." Al accepted the bottle back from Quincy and took a swig. "Just know that during First Year, we yelled at each other for almost an hour over the difference between a square and a fucking rectangle because Rose didn't want to confess that she was homesick." Quincy looked confused, but vastly amused. "You're joking." Actually, he wasn't. After all, they'd argued about whether muffins were considered cake to avoid the topic of their kiss. Whether water could be classified as wet to avoid discussing her argument with his mother. And so many other silly things to avoid all sorts of things Rose didn't want to discuss. She'd rather fight than be honest with something she intended to keep private. "No, I'm not, and I've got a million stories just like that one." Al shrugged and handed Quincy the Ogden's. "She's…not going to react well if pushed or cornered, so your idea for him to just go in there and corner her into talking about her feelings won't work. She's intensely private about anything that makes her uncertain. She doesn't like being caught off guard. From time to time, she'll give me a little glimpse, but I never know what the hell is going on in her head outside of the mundane." Albus looked at him. "Scorpius here might have a better idea, his access code to Rose is a little different from mine…" "It is not," he mumbled. Al didn't look convinced. "Keep telling yourself that, mate." "So…" Quincy wondered aloud. "Has she ever had a proper boyfriend?" Scorpius almost choked on air again. Al absently patted his back, but answered Quincy's question. "Plenty, but Rose told me once she's got no idea how relationships worked outside of the telly and fiction. To be fair, we don't have many examples of what normal relationships look like—ones that aren't born from war." He thought about it. "Well, our grandparents, but they also started in a war…" he shrugged half-heartedly. Scorpius looked at his best friend. "Our parents don't make sense on any parchment." Al was unusually honest and he blamed that on the Ogden's. "They love each other, but their stories didn't teach any of us anything about how normal relationships work. James won't commit longer than a few months. Lily's looking for an idealistic fantasy where someone sweeps her off her feet, but nothing based in reality. I'm still trying to figure it out, and Rose is emotionally oblivious." Quincy looked at Scorpius. "Are you sure about Rose? She's brilliant, but she sounds like work. Hard work." "I have no room to judge." Scorpius leaned back on his bench. They all were functionally dysfunctional. He was certain it was the Ogden's that made him speak honestly, but didn't stop himself. "My mother has a blood disease that manifested when I was born. My dad poured so much money into researching her disease in hopes for a cure. When I was seven, they developed a treatment, but the Healers told her that even with it, she wouldn't live to see me graduate from Hogwarts. So, my mother decided that she'd rather live her life to the fullest rather than—" Scorpius stared at the fire. "I don't know what a normal relationship is, my parents certainly aren't, but…" he trailed off, looking down at his hands. "I don't care about normal. I'm not looking for normal." He was starting to get frustrated. "I just—" "Do you have a plan?" Al asked quietly, looking oddly sober for someone who had been in the Firewhisky as much as he had. Scorpius had already calculated all the odds and every angle long before tonight. He'd have to tweak his equations later, but overall, he did have a strategy. The probability of success was a completely different matter altogether because Rose had always been the exception to most rules. He ran his hand through his hair in a display of frustration and answered his best friend's question as best as he could, "Yes, but not a solid one with a high chance of success." "Then drink up, mate." Quincy handed Scorpius the bottle. "It sounds like you're in for a very convoluted ride." Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: And here we are, guys. This chapter happened a lot faster than I anticipated and the next is already finished...I'm working on the next one after that. Thanks to my beta for putting up with my shit. Scorpius is a bit shook, but he has a plan. Rose, in case I didn't hint at it, is a mess rn. Also Quincy ain't lying, it's about to get bumpy as we sort through daggers and feelings and Rose's...complicated nature. Oh, and some Ministry politics. I'm throwing a lot at poor Rose already and here I am with some more shit. So let me throw some angst-warnings in here. Nothing like Broken, gods no. The nature, the direction of this story, won't allow the story itself to keep the same light tone. But we knew that already. But hopefully the laughs won't stop. Let's note this is the second time she's said Oh...and I swear I'm going to explain it clearly from Rose's side of it. Also 21 yr old boys will be boys: that's my entire explanation of that last scene.
I'm trapped and my back's up against the wall I see no solution or exit out I'm grinding it out, no one can see The pressure's growing exponentially Pressure: Muse Chapter Twelve: Level Ten Billions of years of natural selection and evolutionary advancement—oh, and magic—had led to the creation of Rose Weasley. She thought of herself as a middle-tier human: not the best, not the worst; always room for growth and improvement. However, Rose was certain she had set the human race back several decades years with her behaviour as of late. It was the reason she was sitting in the grass in the middle of an open field outside the Burrow on a cool morning in March, practicing meditation in an attempt to repair her energy. Align her chakras? Whatever the fuck Jane had said. It was apparently a better idea than the Firewhisky she'd been drinking like water for the last few days. Okay, weeks. Two weeks and four days, to be specific. Rose closed her eyes, desperately in need for something to quell the shouting in her head. Jane told her that meditation was a natural state that humans were in when they got out of the way of their true selves. That seemed easy enough in theory, right? Rose inhaled until her lungs were full and burned, then exhaled until there was nothing left. She tried it again, looking for that indication that it was working. But it wasn't. Rose frowned. How the hell could she have messed up breathing? Perhaps she wasn't cut out for it, but Jane had said that meditation was the practice of laying aside of thoughts; the perfect way of free herself from worries and unclog the constant internal chatter in her head. And it seemed like a brilliant idea at the time. Now, all Rose could think was: how the hell is deep breathing going to get me through today? A voice that sounded oddly like Jane said, you've only just started. She was right. There was no rushing the skill, and she would do well to remember that. Jane said that when she meditated, her experience of time and space expanded without limit…but with practice, of course. And, well, Rose needed all of that at the moment. Her next attempt was better, but not nearly what she needed. Still, Rose felt a little calmer about things in general. Her Inquiry at the Ministry? She would get through it. All the scattered thoughts in her head? She would pick them up eventually; one by one. But first Rose had to take her medicine to combat the infectious disease festering inside her. It had been there as long as she could remember. There was no cure; no potion or pill she could take to make it go away for good. All she could do was control it herself, beat it down, focus on one of her many problems at a time. Oh, and bury her head in the sand in an attempt to ignore the rest of them. Like usual. But that was impossible as of late. Anxiety was funny like that. It would leave her alone until one day—when it was not bloody welcomed—it moved in with all its shit and turned her cluttered head into a hoarder's dream castle; overwhelming her at the most random of moments. She would be painting her toenails black or eating a kabab at two in the morning or noticing the way Al seemed to come around more when Jane was around…and it would breathe life into the insecurities she'd carried on her back all her life; whispering her private fears into her ear and reminding her of her flaws in the back of her mind. It was right. It had always been right. Rose twitched. Sitting on the mat with her back straight and legs folded, Rose made sure she was as comfortable as she could be in the black robes her mum had picked out for her Inquiry. Jane had made her pick out a cleansing mantra to repeat to help, suggesting woosa ora Sanskrit phrase that meant remover of obstacles…or some rubbish. Neither worked for Rose. As her thoughts and problems mutinied, she let them go—as instructed—and returned her attention to her mantra. She took a deep breath and exhaled her chosen word: "Fuck…" "I'm not certain that's how meditation works." Rose hadn't registered Mr Draco's presence, but wasn't startled. She opened one eye and craned her head up to the voice. Was it time already? He wore all black like normal and had his hair slicked back; looking severe in a way Scorpius never could. The only thing that stopped him from looking like a mourner at a funeral was the slight smirk on his face. "So, you're a professional then?" she drawled. The smirk grew into a smile. "I've dabbled through the years." Now Rose was intrigued. "Is that so?" "I had a lot of issues I needed to work through. Astoria suggested it, but that was long before…" Scorpius. Astoria's illness. The implosion of his marriage. Rose almost winced at her selective talent of reading between the lines, but his response was extremely personal and rendered her momentarily speechless. He didn't talk about the battles he'd fought both before and after the war—not with Rose, of course. Scorpius knew of his father's internal struggles and the external consequences of his actions as a bigoted teenager from a family that was beyond reproach; the depths he'd sank to before he got the strength to swim back to the surface. Scorpius had confided in her so many times over the years, so she knew, but he didn't know that. And his honesty inspired the same in her. "I have issues. A lot of them." Which was an understatement, but all Rose would confess on the matter. "I thought meditation would help, but I'm utter shit at it." She looked out in the distance. It was a sight she'd seen all her life and sometimes the beauty of the world around The Burrow still rendered her speechless. The fields were starting to turn green and flower after a long winter. Spring was here; the air was fresh and the clouds were white and puffy. It wouldn't rain today and the birds seemed to know that as they flew overhead. It was peaceful and calming. If only it inspired a little of both in her. "I've been told…" Rose trailed off as she watched birds fly in formation over her head. From the corner of her eye, she caught Mr Draco observing her like her mum sometimes did when Rose's behaviour had caused concern. It was a look she was familiar with. She sighed and recited what her mum had said the last week: "We Granger-Weasleys face our problems. We don't avoid them. We don't chase them away with Firewhisky." "Wise advice." Mr Draco replied dryly. He looked down at the large floral blanket she was sitting on, frowning slightly and contemplating his next move before he eased into a sitting position, legs folded like hers. He wasn't nearly as flexible, and if he struggled, neither his face or movements hinted at it. Rose half-shrugged. "I guess." Mr Draco made sure he was settled before he said, "I don't drink much; the odd glass of wine or champagne served at an event, but that's it." She looked over at him carefully. Mr Draco wasn't the sort to speak freely to anyone; there was a purpose for his presence and every word that came from his mouth. "Why?" "I handled my problems in a similar way when I was your age," he confessed. "It was easier to be numb than to deal with my…issues." Rose quietly inserted the word many because Mr Draco had more issues than Witch Weekly. "My limit is three drinks," she admitted. Rose played with the end of her braid, frowning as her thoughts turned dark. "But I've been breaking that rule for a few weeks now." His question was casual, but his keen eyes were narrowed in thought. "Why?" Now that was a complicated question that she knew better than to try and answer. Rose ignored her own rule for many reasons, and none were an excuse that she could formulate the words to articulate. It seemed that in the last few weeks she had forgotten her rules in order to avoid the whispers of her anxiety; the stress and problems that were coming at her in all directions. Her behaviour had been reckless, and that was something Rose could be if she let herself. Something she had been already. Firewhisky was a safety net and drinking it had seemed like a good idea at the time; something she could use to hide from the things she didn't like being bothered with. But it wasn't working, which was what made her try out meditation; to shut everything up and achieve some fucking peace. But rather than speak her mind, Rose asked, "How did you know I was out here?" Mr Draco didn't comment on the subject change. "Your mother told me before she and your father left," he answered casually. "I'm under the impression she wants me to talk to you; figure out where your head is before the Inquiry." "That's why you're here, then." "Partially," he shrugged and left it at that because he could play tit-for-tat with the best of them. The sun was trapped behind the clouds and Rose found herself disappointed, wanting to feel the sunshine on her face. "I have a lot going on up here," she tapped her temple, "And, hell, out here too." She threw her hand out, gesturing at nothing, but hoping Mr Draco understood all the same. New and old, her problems were her problems. But lately, the load she held felt far heavier than usual. Sarcasm and humour were easier than admitting that every night since Hugo had found her on the veranda at Malfoy Manor, she struggled to fall asleep without Dreamless Draught…and when she did, morning came too quick. It was starting to chip at her, bit by bit. The mental fatigue. Her thoughts. The changes. Her own ridiculous actions. The Ministry Inquiry. The false memories. They were gone, but her mum and Healer Patil hadn't gotten rid of the dreams or the moments of quiet panic before she opened her eyes… "Is it about the Inquiry?" "Yes, and no." It was the simplest answer to a very thorny question. Mr Draco checked his watch, unfolded his legs, and stood up. She almost cracked a smile when he complained about his knees, but didn't because she knew what his movement meant. It was time. After a moment, Rose did the same, but accepted the hand Mr Draco offered. Once on her feet, she asked. "How long do we have before we need to leave?" "Twenty minutes," he answered. "Although I'm not sure why you chose me to come with you." Rose folded the blanket. "You know my family can't be involved. My mum, especially." "It infuriates her. We've discussed it." He rolled his eyes, but seemed humoured. But the look was gone before Rose could acknowledge it, replaced by one that was almost probing. "Scorpius could have come with you." "He's having lunch with his mother." "Lunches can be postponed or cancelled. He would welcome the distraction." Rose found herself frowning at the memory of her conversation with Astoria at the gala. "I have enough floating around. The last thing I need is his mother accusing me…bollocks," Rose would have pulled at her hair in frustration, but it was in a French braid and her Nan would fret if her hair was out of place before her Inquiry. "Forget I said that." Not bloody likely. Mr Draco's eyes narrowed. "Accusing you of what exactly?" "It's not important." "I'll be the judge of that." She started walking towards The Burrow in a calculated retreat. Too bad her legs weren't long enough for it to matter. Mr Draco fell into step beside her, but he carefully didn't press. He would bide his time. "I asked you because," Rose said, shifting the conversation away from Scorpius' mum a little more, "My mum said you'd been through something like this before." "She's correct" "Then that settles it." Rose cleared her throat, adjusting the folded blanket in her hand. It was older than her dad and heavy. "Besides, people will talk if they see Scorpius and I together." "People will always talk. You are from a family of heroes and he is a Malfoy, no matter how likeable he is." Mr Draco said plainly. "You've never listened to anything that's been said before." "I don't, but Scorpius has read every article. He says he doesn't care, but I—" "I honestly have no idea what goes on in my son's head. I never have, but it's possible that his thought process is complicated." He shook his head, flashing a rather indulgent smile. "There may be diagrams, tests, and statistics involved." "Such a nerd," and she rolled her eyes fondly. "That he is." Mr Draco chuckled. "But you know how he is. I believe he's read each article for specific purpose. Fact-checking, if you will. If you're worried that he cares, then don't. I don't either." "His mother is a completely different matter." Rose smiled without humour. "She always has been," Mr Draco said diplomatically. He never spoke ill about Astoria or her decisions that had essentially left him a single parent. "But he's an adult now. I've let go of the reins, so to speak. She hasn't. Perhaps it's to make up for lost time." Rose said nothing in response. Astoria was still on her warpath, trying to smother the life out of the headlines. And as much as Rose wanted to say something, her mum had instructed them both to keep quiet and not to stoke the flames. The story would die. And in some respects, it had in the last week or so. Life went on. As they walked, Rose found herself working to keep up with Mr Draco's stride. If he noticed, he didn't acknowledge it, but shortened his steps. It was all done on purpose, of course, because he asked, "Since we're having a moment of honesty—one that we won't discuss once we get back to The Burrow—how do you feel about the situation you've found yourself in?" Rose blamed her failed meditation session for her response: "The situation that involves Scorpius or the ones that don't?" Mr Draco's eyebrow lifted, but that was his only reaction. "What involves Scorpius?" His interest was piqued and she could tell he was filing it away for further discussion because she hadn't been careful with her words. Fuck. "It's a long story," and shit, it really was. "I have nothing but time." Rose's eyes went comically wide. "Umm," her voice was at least two octaves higher than normal as she dragged the word out. "Trust me when I say, you don't." Because she would rather stand on red-hot coals while dodging Unforgivables than discuss any bit of her birthday snog with his bloody son. Hell, they hadn't even discussed it because there was nothing to discuss. "I was actually asking about the dagger," he amended. Oh. She cleared her throat. "Well, if that's the case. I'm ready for it to be found so my life can go back to normal." There was a moment of pensive silence before he said, "That's not possible." Those three words took her back to her conversation with Hugo. Rose froze mid-step, which caused him to stop with her. "Why do you say that?" Mr Draco's face was serious. "As much as you use jokes and sarcasm like they're your wand; as much as you think once they find the dagger, everything will be normal again in your world, it won't because that's not how life works. You've been through something traumatic. You've felt the pain of an Unforgivable. Your memories were altered to the point where you questioned your own sanity. You've seen…disturbing things that weigh on you whether you admit it or not." Rose frowned. Deep down, she acknowledged how close his words aligned with her thoughts, but that didn't mean she liked hearing them out loud. "I'm fine." She hated how she sounded; how restless and raw she felt. Rose looked down at the grass and the clippings on bare feet and repeated herself, putting more emphasis on her words. "I'm fine." He didn't look any more convinced. "Are you?" "I have to be." It was a little more honest than Rose had intended to be. "I have this Inquiry with Cauldwell, who would like nothing more than for me to bugger it up. I have to answer questions about a night I'd like to forget. I have to do whatever necessary to my mother out of it. But I want to help them find the dagger and get it back to the Department of Mysteries," She adjusted the blanket in her arms. "I'd like to get back to my version of normal. It may not be the same as before, but it's mine. So, honestly, I don't have time to be anything other than fine." "You've had a rough month, it's only natural—" "I said I'm fine." "You're going to crack." He sounded concerned, which in turn made her squirm. "Perhaps not today, but you will—" "I have it under control." Mr Draco tilted his head, staring at her with the same quiet intensity Scorpius had inherited. "I once said the same thing, but I was wrong." Rose remained quiet and thoughtful. The cool breeze made her clutch the blanket in an attempt to shield herself from the chill. Her next words were a thought she hadn't verbalised to anyone, but it made her shiver all the same. She had no idea why she was telling Mr Draco, but her lips were moving before she could shove it all back into her head. "I woke up at St. Mungo's and felt…" Rose huffed in frustration. How could she explain something she barely understood herself? "It was like someone had found the lock box that controlled my sanity and kept trying different combinations in order to find the right one that would…" She closed her eyes and tried again. "My mind was a disaster. Sometimes, I still…"Rose looked out in the distance and frowned, hating how she had been feeling deep down for weeks. She wanted to push it down so deep that it would fade from existence. Mr Draco put his hands on her shoulders like her dad did whenever she needed to be grounded before she ricocheted off the walls. Rose looked at him, feeling oddly exposed under his steady gaze. He reached for the blanket in her arms and Rose accepted the relief from its heavy weight. His voice remained strangely calm despite her half-broken confession. "When your problems are up here," he tapped his temple with his free hand. "Feeling alone is far worse than being alone. Do better than I did, Rose. Don't carry the weight on your own and don't shut everyone out." He stared past her and into the distance, as if lost in a memory. "Trust someone who isn't a ghost…" It was crowded in the Atrium, but not too bad; people bustled about, focused on their tasks…for the most part. There were tours going on and cameras were flashing as the tour guide gave an overview of the history of the Ministry. Inter-department memos glided above their heads and Rose ducked when one got too close. There were banners of the aging Minister looking regal; like a true tower of strength he'd been all of Rose's life and before. It made Rose feel a little strange that soon her mother's face would be plastered on everything. Not bad, just surreal. Every now and then she would catch someone staring. Rose wasn't sure if they were staring at Mr Draco or her or the fact that they were in the Ministry together, but surmised it had to be a combination of all three. If Mr Draco noticed the stares, he never let on. He kept his head slightly upturned and his posture set. Rose tried to emulate, but ended up apologising when she walked into a witch, causing her to spill her own drink on herself. Mr Draco's face twitched in humour as he cleaned up the mess with a quick wave of his wand and a silent spell. When the doors of the lift closed behind them, Mr Draco asked if she was nervous. "A bit," Rose answered honestly. The lift started moving. "Nervous is good," he replied. "Do you remember what we discussed?" "Yes," and she recited it again as the lift ascended. "Answer the questions directly and clearly without being abrupt and don't ramble. Be honest and not defensive. Avoid sarcasm, swearing, and don't argue, which is going to be especially hard for me because we did not have a laugh last time." "Remember that you're here as a favour, Rose. He just has follow-up questions. Nothing more, nothing less. It will be simple and you'll be out in thirty minutes, at least." She nodded as the lift made its way past level five. "I—thank you for coming with me." Mr Draco looked over at her. "Even if you hadn't asked, I'd still be here." "My mum?" "No," he chuckled darkly. "Your father was the one who asked me to accompany you." Her dad? Really? "You're joking!" The lift passed level three. "He asked the day you got the Notice of Inquiry." Well…that was an entire week ago and news to her. It must have taken a lot of humility and—hell, everything—just for her dad to broach the topic with Mr Draco. It was moments like those when she truly appreciated him. Her dad had always been the one who knew her best; knew how she worked and what made her tick. His criticism and advice were far more subtle than Mum, who tended to run roughshod over her in the name of being a parent. Lately, it seemed that her mum had found the balance between being reasonable and overbearing, but her dad had achieved that balance long ago. Perhaps he was more indulgent. And that was likely because, in some respects, she was more like him than people realised. The lift stopped on Level Two and they emerged in the corridor with doors on both sides. Rose fell into step besides Mr Draco, remaining silent until they arrived at the door of the Auror Headquarters. Her mother's office was further down the hall. He opened the door for her and allowed it to shut behind him. It was busy. Either the Aurors were working hard at their desks or chatting with each other; no one paid attention to them. There were two wizards in Unspeakable robes sitting on the bench. A bit out of place, but not uncommon. Rose followed Mr Draco through the rows of open cubicles and at the end, they approached one of the secretaries. He announced their presence with a clearing of his throat. "Name?" The witch didn't look up, but Rose recognised her. Mrs Hopkins. She was a few years older than her Nan, but hadn't bothered to retire because her husband had died a few years ago and work kept her busy. When Rose used to come to the Ministry when she was a child, Mrs Hopkins always gave her sweets when her mum wasn't looking. Mr Draco gestured for her to give her official name. "Rose Granger-Weasley." At that, she looked up, eyes bright, face fond. "Oh! Rose, well isn't this a surprise!" "Hi, Mrs Hopkins," Rose flashed a genuine smile. So far, so good. "Your mother has meetings all day, but your uncle is somewhere around here. James and Albus are in his office if you—" Rose tugged at the sleeve of her robes. "Uh, I'm here for an Inquiry. It's supposed to be in room twenty-eight at eleven-thirty." The secretary blinked at her. "What sort of trouble are you in, Rose?" "No trouble at all, she's assisting with an investigation." Mr Draco answered in her stead. With a lingering look, she flipped through the scheduling book on her desk and seemed surprised when she confirmed Rose's appointment. "Ah, so you are." She looked at Mr Draco. "Are—" "I'm just accompanying her…as a favour to her mother." She didn't bat an eye. The alliance between their families was well-known. Rose knew that a cease-fire was formed between them all after her mum and Uncle Harry testified on Mr Draco's behalf after the war. However, had she and Al not become fast friends with Scorpius and had the bullying not occurred when they were sorted into their respective houses, their families would not have rebuilt the bridge they'd burnt together as children. Uncle Harry and her parents had helped stop Scorpius' harassment and Scorpius—through his dad—had given Rose the tips she used to begin her meteoric rise in Slytherin house. "Very well, Mr Malfoy, you're more than welcome to remain in the waiting area. I've just put on a kettle for tea, if you're so inclined." She gestured in the direction of the waiting area behind a half-glass wall behind her desk. The room was empty, save for two Unspeakables sitting next to each other, sipping tea. "Thank you," he replied. She stood up, opening her palm and gesturing to Rose. "Come, you can follow me." Rose gave a final glance to Mr Draco, who nodded in encouragement, before she followed Mrs Hopkins down the hall, passing several doors. She stared at the back of the secretary's head as she chattered on about how much Rose had changed since she'd seen her last. It was just two years ago. "Oh, and how is Hugo?" "He's fine," she answered easily, now walking beside the elderly witch. "In art school" "Oh, how wonderful! Such a talented boy." "That he is." Rose said proudly. "How are things in the Department of Magical Transportation?" "Uh," she frowned. Honestly, she hadn't worked there in two years. "I don't work in the Ministry anymore. I'm at St. Mungo's as a Healer Assistant. I left Floo Regulations in December." She frowned thoughtfully. "Oh, I thought you left Floo Relations for Transportation." "I did, then I worked in the Department of International Confederation of Wizards. From there, I started Obliviator training, but didn't like the long hours. I worked a few weeks in Games and Sports for the free—" Quidditch World Cup tickets, but that was none of her business. "Um, I went back to Floo Relations. Then to St. Mungo's. I've been there since January." She expected was for Mrs Hopkins to say that she needed to settle down like everyone else her age, but instead she said, "Good on you for trying so many different things, Rose. I've always thought that it's a disservice to young people that you have to make a decision so young about the rest of your lives. You've got your mother's brains, for sure; you'll be brilliant at whatever you decide." An odd feeling bloomed in her chest, quieting the whispers. "Erm, thank you." "Just stating facts, my dear." She stopped in front of room twenty-eight and opened the door for Rose to enter. "There you go, love. Mr Cauldwell will be with you in a bit." And she patted her shoulder once before she left her alone. Rose had never been in an Interrogation room, not even when she used to roam the halls with Hugo as children with wild imaginations. It wasn't terribly inviting, a bit dusty, but not so bad. The room was cool, but illuminated by the ceiling lights; the walls were a shade of off-white and clashed with the bright white floor tiles. The only furniture in the room was a heavy-looking wood table, which was bolted to the floor, and two chairs; a tray with two empty glasses sat in the centre of the table. To distract her nerves, she smoothed out her clothes, making sure there were no visible wrinkles. She fiddled with the end of her braid, tucking the hair that tickled her face behind her ear. When there was nothing left to fix, nothing else for her to do, Rose stood by the wall and debated on whether to sit or stand. Her aching feet in new shoes made the decision for her. But she wouldn't sit with her back to the wall. That wasn't smart. She chose the other chair. It was hard, uncomfortable, and it wobbled a bit. The door opened abruptly. Rose turned her head to greet Cauldwell, but it wasn't him. The man in the doorway was as old as Scorpius' grandfather with a thin, sharp face and black eyebrows. He was tall, taller than her dad, with a long neck, sloping shoulder, and grey hair. His hawk eyes took her in with one long glance, nodded his greeting; his face remained eerily blank. He wore navy blue robes and that was the only thing that stopped him from looking like the Grim Reaper. Only just. She stood up without considering how off kilter it made her look. "Who are you?" "My name is Claudius Barracus." If it were possible at all, he sounded even more aristocratic than Scorpius' grandfather. His voice was deep and cold; had a force in it that put her on edge instantly. He spoke like someone who didn't use his voice much. Not because he couldn't, but because he didn't have to. "I am the Head of The Department of Mysteries. You must be Miss Rose Granger-Weasley, daughter of the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Hermione Granger-Weasley." She only nodded in response, keeping her eyes levelled on him. How else was she supposed to treat the biggest threat in the room? "Miss Rose Granger-Weasley, if you—" "You can call me Miss Weasley." Her official name was a mouthful, after all. Not to mention, the way he said her name annoyed her. Rose only noticed the other two Unspeakables flanked in the doorway with Barracus when one of them cleared their throat. A flash of irritation crossed his gaze. Rose surveyed them both in a single glance. They both were older than Rose, but far less threatening than their leader. The one on the left was in his forties with black hair and light eyes. He was as tall as Barracus, but lanky; his robes looked loose on him. The other looked a little older than Uncle Bill. He was shorter than them both, but still taller than Rose. He didn't look as unfamiliar as the other, but Rose couldn't place him. Perhaps a parent of someone in her Year? Did it even matter? No. Barracus turned his attention back to Rose. "It is my understanding that your Inquiry was to be with Mr Cauldwell of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." "Yes." There was an edge in her voice that she allowed out of sheer pettiness. "Where is he?" His mouth twitched at her tone, but that it. "Not here, as you can see." At his next words, his voice took on an air of charm that felt fake. "Mr Cauldwell has been most cooperative in our investigation. He has provided us with your original statement and all evidence for our review prior to your Inquiry. Mr Cauldwell has also signed over this portion of the investigation to my department so that we may conduct your Inquiry." Cauldwell hadn't been helpful in an attempt to further the investigation, that much she knew. She also knew that the day was not going to go as smoothly as Mr Draco had said. "As we are now conducting your Inquiry, I would much rather have this meeting in a different location." Rose was suspicious and pretty certain her face showed it. A different location likely meant The Department of Mysteries and there were enough wards on that place to drive her insane. No thanks. "And I would much rather stay here." "Apologies." He didn't sound sorry. "It seems I have forgotten to remind you that you do not have a choice in the manner," And with that, he stepped fully into the room; his flunkies right behind him. They were blocking the door and Rose knew better than to show her discomfort. "I'm here to comply with the investigation into the murders. Nothing more, nothing less." Rose frowned at Barracus; the wheels of her mind picking up pace as she worked rapidly through each of her observations and everything he'd said, searching for clues and facts. There wasn't enough for her to figure out the questions circling in her mind. So, she had to be direct. "It makes no sense to change anything now that we're all here, so why are you?" She focused her gaze on him, openly challenging him by questioning the authority he clearly didn't want questioned. "What do you want from me that you can't ask here? It's odd that a department head would show up for such a small inquiry, don't you think?" "I do not answer to you, Miss Weasley." He sounded far more frustrated than someone with the sort of entitlement he wielded should. Rose folded her arms, stubborn as always. "Then I want to speak to the person you do answer to." "I am the head of my department." There was authority pouring off him in waves. "There is no one above me." Great. Now they were back where they started. Rose was a little more than frustrated when she reminded him, "I'm not here as a suspect." "They have cleared you, but Mr Cauldwell does not feel you were entirely truthful in your first interview and has subsequent questions he wanted to ask. I will now ask them, but there is something I would like to discuss with you. A proposal, if you will, but that will come later." A proposal? She liked that idea even less than leaving the DMLE. "We can discuss whatever you like right here." Here where there were people she trusted nearby. "You are wasting my time." Looking at Barracus was like looking at a wall; a big, solid blank wall. He was impenetrable. "Touché." Rose said with a frown of her own. "I do not like your tone, Miss Weasley," he sneered. She squared her shoulders, faking a casual shrug of her shoulders. "I have a long list of things I don't like either, but here we are." "Will you comply?" "My presence today shows my willingness to comply to the investigation. I could have gotten out of this, but I told my mum not to block this. There's no reason to move this Inquiry. Where I am won't change my response to your questions. The faster this dagger is found; the sooner patients stop dying and you lot get it back. Win-win for all." He flashed a small, rather terrifying smile. "You have said it yourself. Where you answer my questions will not change your response." Rose bit the inside of her jaw to punish herself for her mistake. "Miss Weasley, I prefer to speak to you in my own corner of the Ministry." He tried to sound amenable, but it just left her cold inside. "Call it a preference, if you will." Rose thought about it. "If I agree, can Mr Malfoy come with us?" Barracus didn't budge. "He cannot." There was something—a feeling tugging at the back of her mind that told her there was more at work than just a simple Inquiry. They wanted her well and truly alone. And she wasn't about to figure it out why. "If that's the case, then my answer is no. I won't go. I'm not comfortable with any of this." For a myriad of reasons. "I think we're done here." If anything, Barracus' presence became even larger, more suffocating. "Might I remind you Miss Weasley." He said her name as if she were a bug that he could squash and seemed willing to try. "The Department of Mysteries does not operate under the umbrella of the Ministry so your wishes mean nothing to me. This is our dagger and our Inquiry. I do not like being told no…by anyone." Because she couldn't help herself, she snorted. "That much I knew already." His eyes turned hard. "The ends will always justify the means." Before Rose could figure out what he meant, the lanky Unspeakable stepped aside and drew his wand. Her arms flew out against her will; the jerking unnatural motion made her momentarily confused. And that was all the time needed for his second spell. It was silent, but thin cords shot from his wand. And that was how Rose ended up with her arms bound up to her elbows. Rose knew better than fight. She'd learned that lesson the hard way at seven when she, James and Teddy were chasing garden gnomes. Teddy tried the spell for the first time, misfired, and ensnared her instead. Rose had fought and struggled; the threat of suffocation had only been in her mind, but that had been enough. Teddy had panicked while James screamed for his dad, but it was his mum who rushed out and released Rose; his mum who laid in the grass with her, stroking her hair and speaking softly to her as she cried long after she'd been freed. The other lackey drew his wand, using it to gesture for her to start walking. Having little choice in the matter, with her wand deep in the pocket of her robes, she took her first few slow steps towards them. She did not panic, but she did move her arms instinctively, causing the ropes to tighten uncomfortably. But she couldn't focus on that. Instead, she focused on her steps, each one leading her from the cold comfort of the interrogation room to wherever the hell they were talking her. Barracus was beside her; his two quiet cronies were behind them, neither speaking. Rose kept her head up, eyes fixed and straight ahead; face blank. Meanwhile, her thoughts scattered like frightened fish. Rose tried damn hard to make sure Barracus never noticed how her she dragged her feet on the floor, nearly stumbling once or twice; made sure that he couldn't hear the blood roaring behind her ears or the sound of her heavy breathing. Her hands trembled once and the ropes tightened again and that time, it almost hurt. Rose winced and bit down on the inside of her jaw as sweat beaded on her brow. At that point, fear should have gripped her, but only numbness came. It allowed her to continue faking the calm she didn't feel. Mr Draco was talking to an Auror and did a double take when he saw her. Rose watched his eyes dart around, quickly assessing their situation: the man beside her, the two behind her, two drawn wands to his one sheathed wand. Odds aside, when his eyes fell on her bound forearms, Mr Draco moved quicker than she'd ever seen him, blocking their path. "Who are you and where the hell are you taking her?" Barracus tilted his head to the side in a rather strange motion, meeting Mr Draco's gaze with one of his disturbingly direct looks. "I am Claudius Barracus. Head of the Department of Mysteries. We have been authorised to conduct Miss Weasley's Inquiry." There was a demand in his voice and it told Mr Draco to move. Because he wouldn't be cowed, he asked, "And who authorised this?" His mouth twitched, much like it had when Rose had spoken back to him back in the room. He wasn't used to anyone challenging his authority. "That is none of your concern." Barracus told him, allowing just a hint of his impatience to flash. "You are not her parent or guardian, nor are you a Ministry employee." Rose knew she was truly buggered. "I am not, but what difference does that make?" He pointed at her bound arms, "Those aren't necessary. She came here voluntarily to assist with the investigation into the murders." "I determine what is or is not necessary." Barracus sneered condescendingly. Rose bit down on the inside of her cheek again to stop herself from saying anything that would further devolve the situation. Or maybe make one of them hit her with a Silencing Charm. She already lost the use of her arms. Losing her voice would be far worse. "I do not answer to you or anyone. Not even the Minister himself can stop my investigation." "Be that as it may, we weren't notified of any changes regarding her Inquiry. Her mother—" "Is not present." Barracus shot back, taking a slow, menacing step towards Mr Draco, who squared his shoulders and raised his head, keeping his eyes trained on the taller man. "Step aside." The threat in his words were almost tangible. "I do not like to repeat myself." Mr Draco glared at him hard and was about argue further when the four Unspeakables she'd spotted earlier approached from behind and to the side. They were surrounded. Like Rose, he seemed to weigh out his chances and realised the odds were not in their favour. Try as he might, she was on her own. He said her name, but what she heard in his tone was: Trust me. Then he stepped aside. Rose almost balked. Trust him? That was a lot easier said than done while tied up like a Christmas ham and being led away like a lamb to the slaughter. She knew she was messing up her metaphors, but she couldn't really think, now could she? Rose felt herself start to panic, but knew it wouldn't do her any good. The problem was that panic was an easy emotion to feel. She almost laughed hysterically. Ever since she'd opened her eyes in St. Mungo's with her mind in pieces, Rose had spent most of her days beating down any emotion that crept to the surface. Even right then, there were so many things bubbling inside her. She wanted to crack a joke. She wanted to mock Barracus and his stupid voice. She wanted to say something to Mr Draco to cling to their status quo of biting sarcasm and wit in uncomfortable situations; anything to prove to them both that she was fine. But her mouth was dry and Rose just couldn't. She felt lost and utterly alone. She felt like laughing at the entire situation. She felt…so much that she felt nothing at all. They led the way back to the lift and Rose's initial numbness faded while she watched the dial move, tapping her foot so she wouldn't move her hands in an attempt to quell her nervous energy. She was in the back with Barracus, who never spoke a word during the ride. Not that she expected him to have a friendly chat with her. The lift stopped on Level Nine. The Department of Mysteries, as she'd expected. When the doors opened, the three henchmen in the front filed out and stepped to the side, followed by the three in front of them. Rose had just stepped out of the lift when Barracus glanced in her direction. "Not too much further." Rose said nothing, saving her energy for the fight she knew was coming. Instead, she followed them down the corridor. Three flunkies led the way, three walked behind them, and Barracus was beside her. Rose felt suffocated; not just because of their presence or the smothered emotions bubbling in her stomach. The walls were black; the hall was cold with no windows or doors. Torches lined the wall, giving off an ominous glow. It was damp, desolate. She may as well have been a prisoner being led to the gallows for all she was concerned. She surmised that they were taking her into the department proper, but was surprised when they detoured left to the steps. They were taking her to Level Ten. Rose's step faltered, causing one of the lackies to bump her from behind. The action sent her stumbling forward with no hands to stop her. It put them all on guard. As if she could escape against seven wands. Her wandless magic wasn't that good. Speaking of wands, one of them pressed theirs into her back and ordered her to move. Rose was too busy cycling between defiance and fear to do anything except walk as instructed. The stairs were stone and so were the walls; everything was dark, but not dark enough to render her blind. They seemed to know the way and led her down two corridors until they stopped in front of a large door. The Unspeakables in front stepped to the side, allowing Barracus to step forward. He touched the door and it glowed before she heard the lock click, granted him access. The door creaked when it opened. "After you, Miss Weasley." Like in the Inquiry rooms in the DMLE, the room was surprisingly well-lit. The difference was the simple fact that there wasn't a table. Only one chair in the centre of the room that looked fused to the floor. All the room needed was a light fixture hanging from the ceiling and it would look like every interrogation room she'd ever seen in the movies. Rose already knew the only seat was hers and she took it. Not because she wanted to actively participate in the cliché, but because her feet were still hurting and it wasn't enough to distract her from the pain of being roped by magic. She rested her bound forearms awkwardly in front of her, locking eyes with Barracus with the same cheekiness that had ended with her being tied up in the first place. Slytherin had taught her far more than magic, but above all, it taught her to be cautious and fight on her own terms. Her odds weren't great, but not so bad. After all, they wanted something from her and that gave her leverage. But how much? Well, she wasn't sure if it was enough to get her out of there. Barracus gave instructions to his goons. Four were to go back to The Department of Mysteries; the two from before were chosen to stay. Wordlessly, they followed his instruction; the heavy door closed behind them with finality. Initially, Barracus paid her no mind, opting to have a quiet conversation with the remaining Unspeakables by the door. Rose took the opportunity to try and calm herself down; study her opponents. She was unable to get a read on any of them so she opened her mouth for the first time since they used magic on her. "I believe introductions are in order," she said dryly because, hell, they'd made it perfectly clear that there were no rules…so she threw hers away as well. "How rude of me." Barracus shot back just as monotonous; face as pale and blank as ever in the light. "Unspeakable Henry," he gestured to the lanky one. Then, to the older one. "Unspeakable Brown." "Pleasure." She did not mean it. Rose extended her bound arms. It was an awkward move that made her lock her hands together. "Now that we're all friends, release me." Barracus loomed closer while the other two stayed behind. "You are no position to make demands, Miss Weasley." "It's unnecessary now that I'm where you wanted." Rose argued; the movement tightened the coils, causing her to wince. "If—if you want to have a proper discussion, you'll undo the spell." He did not. "Fine," she lowered her forearms, fuming because her heart started racing. She wasn't sure if it was out of fear or nerves. Maybe both. "Let's skip all the bullshit and get to the point in the Inquiry where I tell you what I told Cauldwell, you undo the spell, and I leave because that's all I know." Barracus clasped his hands together, his cheekbones became more pronounced when he tried to smile. "Now we both know that is not true." He moved even closer, and Rose sat straight up in her chair; her insides coiling like the golden ropes around her arms. She remained silent and he looked almost predatory in his glee. The thrill of the hunt. "I have been made aware that an ex-employee of my department has told you about a dagger that you have seen before." "My arms." Rose tried again, but didn't lift them because the skin already looked red and angry, her fingers were tingling from the loss of circulation. She didn't want to hurt them any further. "No." She glared at him, anger stamping down her fear. If he wanted to be difficult, so could she, and she was damn good at it. "Your ex-employee's statement is public record. I'm an employee of St. Mungo's. I've been briefed just like the rest of the staff." Barracus didn't like her mechanical answer. Good. He turned away from her, inclining his head as a gesture to one of his flunkies. Unspeakable Brown crossed the room, coming close enough to make Rose turn her attention to him. She had been exclusively talking to Barracus the entire time, so she was surprised when Brown asked, "What happened the night you saw the dagger?" She kept her voice firm, though it tried to waver. "For the last time, untie me." Brown didn't bother looking at his boss. He knew the answer. Rose knew hers, too, and it came out just as bland as the last one. "I'm certain you've read Cauldwell's report." He wasn't skilled at suppressing his emotions and allowed his irritation to show. "How much do you know about the dagger?" "Stay away from the pointy end?" Rose drawled sarcastically and then bit down on the inside of her jaw as the last bit of the tingling sensation left her arms. They were truly numb now. Brown glared daggers at her—for lack of a better word. Rose leaned back in her uncomfortable seat, crossing her legs at the ankles, looking pleased with herself despite the pain she was in and the amount of strain she was under. It was hot. Her arms and her bum were numb. Her head was pounding out the rhythm of her panic and nerves. Sweat ran down her face and she almost instinctively used her hand to wipe it away, but stopped. Barracus turned around and Rose became hyperaware that there were two men standing over her. The air in the room changed. "I see we need to take a different approach as you refuse to cooperate." Shit. The threat was as real as their intimidation tactics, but Rose was in too deep to back down. "You should have taken a better approach before you detained me." After a quiet moment, Barracus coldly said something that surprised her. "I apologise." Now they were getting somewhere. "Then let me go." His eyes hardened and she held her breath. "Not until I am finished." With how fast her heart was going, was she even going to make it? Barracus leaned in a little too close. Rose felt trapped like a bug in a jar and she couldn't breathe; threatened in a way she had never been before. She felt his breath on her cheek when he said, "Not until you tell me everything I want to know. Not until you do exactly as I say." And while he never touched her, his presence made the creeper alarm bells go off in her head. Rose was done. She could hear herself as she stumbled on words, ready to vomit her anxiety and fury. "You can take your apology and piss off." She was vibrating with the sort emotions that wouldn't do her any good. When she got like that, her anger was almost always followed by tears. There was no place for them, even though she felt uncomfortable, frustrated, and out of control. And…it didn't look like she was going to be able to walk out of the room on her own without giving in to whatever the hell they wanted. Rose was in no condition to fight her way out of anything, but spoke with far more bravado than she felt. "I'm not here to play your fucking game, Barracus." "You are as difficult as your mother." "I take that as a compliment." At least today she did. Barracus looked at Brown and gave him a nod that allowed him to speak. He stepped back and Rose exhaled. Brown stepped forward. She tensed. "The dagger belongs to us, as you know." He started, looming just outside her comfort zone, and that was better than before. She still watched his every move as if he were going to strike at any moment. "Everything that was reported by our ex-employee was accurate." Rose tilted her head in acknowledgement, but that was it. After all, she was still trying to get herself under control. "We've been studying its magical properties with regards to gaining control over it to use it on criminals. We want to put their magic into a dormant state while they serve their sentence in Azkaban." Rose struggled to take it all in. How was that possible? "Furthermore," Brown explained, sounding excited enough to make Rose think he were head of the projects mentioned. "We've also been using it to study how to prolonging life to those with incurable diseases, how to increase the magical signature in certain people who have diseases that weaken their magic, and perhaps increase the power of other magical artefacts. The list goes on. I won't go into details as that is highly classified information. The dagger itself isn't a dark artefact, but the research has been so slow…decades slower than planned because sometimes…it can corrupt." "Which you already know, Miss Weasley." Barracus said, stroking his chin almost thoughtfully. It reminded her of a villain in their secret lair. Shame he didn't have a cat. Brown continued talking while Barracus remained oddly quiet. "We can't estimate how long this person has been bound to the dagger or how they acquired it. Most of those who have bonded with the dagger don't make it more than a few months before being compromised. We estimate that this bond is over ten years old—maybe even twenty years old—just from the evidence from your fight with them at St. Mungo's." He sounded excited. Too excited. "We conducted our own investigation. I went into the room myself. The signature was off the charts with raw, untamed magic. The night you duelled them; you must have felt the definition of true power. How did you survive? Why didn't they kill you?" She was meant to be a scapegoat, that much she remembered, but said nothing else because her stomach was churning. Her silence did not stop Brown. "I'm sure you know what happens when you stab someone in the heart with it." Yes, she did, and answered him with a single nod. After all, she had witnessed it thousands of times already in her head. He paused for a moment that seemed almost dramatic. "How about if they miss?" Rose didn't know the answer to that question. Nor had she ever thought about it. "You bleed." "Yes," Brown was almost enthusiastic, like a scientist that had solved a complicated puzzle. He was in his element. It was a bit terrifying. "But it's not that simple, Miss Weasley. It goes back to why the research into the dagger is so vital. The dagger, when used correctly, feeds from your magic until it sated…and it's always hungry." She shuddered. "However, when it's used incorrectly; if it doesn't kill you, it can suppress your magic and can essentially turn you into a Squib for a certain length of time. It all depends on the location of the wound and the intent of the person its bonded with. It took years for the last survivor to regain her magic, which was fascinating. However, the experiments were halted when it went missing during the chaos during Voldemort's coup." The information was helpful, but Rose had long since run out of patience with him, the story, and the entire situation. "This is all classified information, I'm sure of it, so why are you telling me?" Barracus re-joined the conversation, voice just as grating and callous as ever. "Miss Weasley, I am under the impression that you have seen this dagger and know what it looks like. Yes or no." Not that she could ever forget it, but she wasn't going to grant him the answer he wanted. "You already know the answer, Barracus." "I do." He stared at her and it set her on edge in a way that made her fidget, ropes tightening even more. She was grateful for the lack of sensation; the numbness that burned to the point of distraction. "Miss Weasley, do listen." He chastised coldly. She lifted her head up, meeting his eyes as he gave her instructions. "I would like you to find the person that has bonded with the dagger and apprehend them and the dagger. Bring them to me alive." Unspeakable Henry, who Rose had nearly forgotten about, appeared at Barracus' side. He looked alarmed, but she wasn't sure why. "Sir—" "Do not interrupt me," he hissed. Henry went back to his corner, but Rose watched as several emotions washed over his face. At the forefront was panic. She knew that one all too well as it was swelling in her, ready to break like a dam and drown everything. Barracus was focused on her once again with his dead eyes and angular face, though he seemed to be awaiting an answer. His request was ludicrous. Literally the craziest shit she had ever been asked to do in her entire life. Hell, she'd barely made it out of there the first time and they wanted her to actively look for them? They were asking the impossible from her and the odds were terrible; no guarantee of success. And they knew that, but were still willing to sacrifice her for their greater good. As if she were nothing; only a means to an end. Expendable. "You're not serious." "I am." "You're mad." Rose blurted out, almost breathlessly. "You've got to be if you think I'll help you after—" "They didn't kill you," Brown said as if he were trying to reason with her; as if she were being unreasonable in her refusal to run after a wizard overpowered by a bond with a sentient dagger. "And that's noteworthy. The dagger will feed and feed and it never gets full. They should have stabbed you out of convenience, fed it your magic simply because they could, but they didn't. You are the exception to the rule, Rose. You may be the key in finding them and bringing the dagger back to where it belongs so we can continue our experiments." She looked at him as if he were completely crackled. "I don't give a damn about your bloody experiments." "Then do it for the people who have died." "How about this? I'll make this simple for you. Go find your own dagger and piss off." Brown was not above making a deal. "We can make it worth your while." Rose could not resist any attempt at a treaty that would get her the hell out of there without spells being thrown in her direction. Or without having a complete meltdown. Both of which seemed likely given everything they were asking—no ordering—her to do. "If you release me and let me go, I'll consider it." Naturally, Barracus called her bluff. "You are lying." "And if I am?" She stared up at him in real defiance as sweat ran down her face. "This is your dagger and your problem. As much as I'd love that dagger to be out of St Mungo's, I refuse—" "We can make it your problem, as well." Barracus stood to his full height over her. Rose never did like ultimatums, and his statement reeked of one. "You could try, but I don't give a damn about your threats." "Perhaps that is true," he retorted grimly. Barracus' voice took an edge it hadn't during their entire conversation. "However, The Department of Mysteries has ways to force you to comply." Henry, from his corner, looked at his boss, rather stunned. Brown, too. Whatever he was planning, it wasn't good. Barracus would not be reasoned with. "Lift your wand, Brown. Force her to comply." Brown hesitated, but did as he was told, lifting his wand. Pointing it at her. Force her to comply? The only way they could was…unforgivable. And something very miniscule inside of Rose snapped at the implication, which caused the rest of her to just break; leaving her paralyzed and gasping, drowning in the intensity of everything she was feeling. There was nowhere to hide. Nowhere to go. No one to help. No spell that would block it. Nothing could stop it. The only difference between now and the night in St. Mungo's was that she hadn't known then what it felt like; hadn't known the true meaning of pain. The sensation of being ripped apart cell by cell. The feeling of her muscles pulling and her existence shrinking to the point where all she knew was white-hot agony. She couldn't go through that again. She just couldn't. "My actions very well may be frowned upon, but the ends will always justify the—" Suddenly, the walls and floor shook with the force of an earthquake. It sounded like someone had dropped a bomb right outside the door. The force of it shook Rose right out of her panic, leaving her off-centre both figuratively and literally. What the hell was that? Henry backed into the adjacent wall, looking terrified, while Brown scurried behind Rose's chair as if she were going to protect him. Barracus didn't move, glaring around as if the shaking room were nothing but a mere annoyance. There was silence…and he turned to her again to continue coaxing a reluctant Brown into using a damn Unforgivable on her. There was a second rumble at the door, deeper and louder than the first. It reverberated through the four corners of the room, rattling the hinges of the door hard enough for them to give. The sound of metal hitting the floor was all she could hear after the roar faded. Barracus ordered Henry to figure out what was going on and the man started to move when— The third sound was not a rumble, but an explosion. Everything happened so quickly Rose barely had time to focus on any one thing. The room was suddenly plunged into darkness and chaos. She heard Brown yell in alarm, saw Henry's quick movements as he took cover, and felt Barracus' icy presence next to her. Instinctively, she used her bound arms to try and shield herself—the rope tightening to the point where they felt like they were cutting into her skin—as heavy wooden door groaned and fell into the room, landing with a resounding crash. Dust billowed in the air from the impact, causing everyone except Barracus to cough. The silence that followed was deafening. Light returned to the room, the dust settled and Rose uncovered her head. In the doorway stood her uncle. He looked calm enough for Rose to know that he wasn't. "Rose." His voice had a timbre she'd never heard before. Uncle Harry zeroed in on her seated position, the magical ropes, the two men standing over her, and the drawn wand. "Are you hurt?" She didn't know. Her ears were still ringing and her heart was still ready to punch through her chest, but that had little to do with him breaking down the door and more to do with the fact that Barracus and his merry gang of Unspeakables wanted to use an Unforgivable on her. Honestly, she didn't care if the door had fallen on her; she was just relieved that he was there and she was no longer alone. Barracus was furious with her uncle's dramatic entrance and didn't bother to hide it. "You cannot just burst in here like a child, Potter." He spat hotly as he stepped in front of Rose, physically blocking her from him. "We are not finished here and you will—" "You were finished," his voice thick and low with anger and outrage, "When you bound her and dragged her down here for no reason other than a petty show of your own dominance." Barracus squared his shoulders, which made him seem even taller. Slowly, he crossed the room towards her uncle, the sound of his shoes made an eerily hollow sound with each step he took. Soon, there was only a fallen door between the two of them. "This is none of your concern." He gripped his wand tighter in his fist as if he were using it to try and channel his anger. "Are you serious? None of my concern?" Uncle Harry nearly shouted, eyes narrowed behind his glasses. "She's my niece and even if she weren't, you still have no right to detain a witness to interrogate them. Even if she weren't a witness, it's still illegal!" "I do not answer to you, Potter. I do not answer to anyone." Her uncle finally stepped into the room. He looked absolutely ridiculous standing on top of a door, yelling at a man half a foot taller than him, but that was the sort of day Rose was having. "I don't give a damn that you don't answer to any of us," he told Barracus fiercely. "I allowed your Unspeakables into the Auror Department to assist in the investigation of a dagger you lot lost almost thirty years ago and—" He threw his hand out in the direction of Rose. "This is the thanks I get?" Barracus wouldn't back down. "I am doing my duty, Potter. It is not personal. Miss Weasley refused to act in accordance with—" "That's utter bullshit." She truly couldn't think of the last time a curse word came from him, but it was likely James-related. It always was. "The fact that she voluntarily subjected herself for an Inquiry isn't a sign of non-cooperation. Besides, her mother allowed your department to assist once she found out that the dagger belonged to you lot. She didn't sign off on you taking control of the entire investigation and she didn't authorise you to detain her daughter. I certainly didn't agree to any of this when I allowed your Unspeakables into The Auror Department today." "Again, Potter, I do not answer to you." Barracus sneered. "Who authorised this?" he stared at the taller man, demanding an answer. "I'm not going to ask again." It sounded like a threat, but felt more like a promise. The silence between them went longer than Rose anticipated, but in the end, Barracus told him what Rose would have divulged the moment they'd gotten the hell out of there: "Mr Cauldwell. He is the current lead of the murder investigation at St. Mungo's, which happens to involve our dagger. He relinquished the investigation to The Department of Mysteries with the promise that the Auror Department would assist when it came time to arrest the person bound to the dagger." If at all possible, her Uncle's mood darkened further and his anger intensified. "He doesn't have the authorisation to do that. Only the head of the department can, and you know that." "Perhaps I did," Barracus said wryly. "However, that does not matter in the grand scheme of things. It is our dagger, after all. Miss Weasley has seen it, which makes her vital to our investigation." He looked gobsmacked. "And this is how you ask for her assistance?" "Again, I—" "Find your damn dagger yourself. Don't use my Aurors, stay the hell out of my department, and away from my niece." His face was red with fury as he barked out, "Oh, and good luck bringing them down with your Unspeakables that aren't trained to fight. I'm sure it'll be the battle for the ages." Rose peered over her shoulder at Brown. She started to move when his focus zeroed on her. His wand was still out, but at his side. He would use it if ordered, no matter how hesitant he seemed to have been before. Henry seemed rooted in his spot, not moving, only observing with wide eyes. He looked about as scared as she felt when they dragged her out of the DMLE. Good. Well, not so good. Their odds weren't that great. Her uncle had his wand and seemed ready to tear the room apart with it. However, hers was out of reach in the deep pocket of her robes. Rose hoped it wouldn't come to that. She didn't give a damn about politics, but she couldn't help but realise the gravity of the situation. They were in the Ministry. At the bottom level. Alone together and outnumbered. Barracus obviously didn't play by the same rules as her uncle. She still couldn't believe how close she'd gotten to feeling that spell again. "You aren't a dueller, Barracus. None of you are," he cut his eyes to the other two Unspeakables in the room. Uncle Harry didn't seem to give a damn about rules; nor did he need assistance. He seemed to be handling Barracus just fine. Though shorter, her uncle used the extra advantage from standing on the thick door to assert himself. "Get out of my way." "Or else?" Barracus sneered. Her uncle gripped his wand. "You think I won't, but know that I will." Rose wasn't sure what her uncle meant, but Barracus seemed to understand him completely. The silent stare down between the two stretched until it felt like a gaping canyon…and somehow it stretched even further. That was, until Barracus stepped to the side. "You are free to leave, Miss Weasley." He looked at her, voice like frost. "We will be in touch." Her heart sank. "Like hell you are." Uncle Harry was in front of her in a flash, releasing the cords from around her arms. He had to use a spell; they were so tight. Too tight. Freedom came with hot, tingling pain as sensation bled to the surface. She flexed her hands, grimacing as it felt as if she were being poked with thousands of needles. It was fine. It was nothing. She was better. Everything was fine. Rose was so absorbed with her uncle's presence and her independence that she barely noticed the condition of her arms until he swore under his breath; hot with anger. She bruised easier than Al so she wasn't too surprised when she saw her arms. Her skin was hot and chaffed, but unbroken. There were forming welts that criss-crossed down her arms to her wrists and bruises, so many angry bruises that left both of her arms discoloured. It was hard to tell where one ended and another began. But she was far too relieved for her freedom from that room and Barracus and his minions to care. Perhaps later, it all would hit her like a tidal wave and she would have a different reaction. Or maybe it would be best if she buried today like she buried a lot of things: deep and covered in concrete. She wondered if she could. Her uncle helped her up. Rose didn't realise how unbalanced she was or how utterly drained she felt until she was on her feet, swaying. Uncle Harry wrapped an arm around her and bore almost all her weight as they crossed the room, stepping on the door and finally leaving the silent room and Barracus behind. And if she heard Barracus' angry voice as he berated his minions, she pretended she didn't. They were in the lift heading back to Level Two before Rose knew it. Uncle Harry's hand were shaking; the adrenaline and the nerves of steel he'd used to break down the door seemed to have left him in a rush. His angry flush was gone, leaving him wan and tired. Still, his focus was on her as he gave her a cursory onceover; much like he had when she was six and had fallen off her first broom. His voice sounded odd when he said, "I'm so sorry." She just stared at him, still numb; unsure why he was apologising. "None of that was supposed to happen. It was supposed to be a simple inquiry." Rose knew that. It wasn't his fault. Uncle Harry bent so he was eye-level with her. He was shaking. There was so much in his eyes that she had to look away, down at her feet—somehow, she'd lost her shoes during their escape. Hmm. "Rose," he said her name almost gently. She looked up at him, feeling a bit lost. "What did they say in there?" They wanted her to comply. They wanted to use her. They wanted to use force. But she said none of that. And her blank face and silence made him flinch and she heard him inhale. "Shit, I'm—" His voice was raw and he swallowed back whatever he was about to say. His eyes went back to her forearms that were out between them; they were sore, joints stiff and unwilling to bend. "You don't have to say anything. Not until you're ready." He took off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. It was only then that she realised she was the one shaking, not him. "It's okay to not to be okay, you know that, right?" "I'm fine." She wanted to thank him for coming, but he wouldn't want her appreciation. They were family. What he had done was what family should do. But more than that, Rose wanted to ask how the hell he knew to even look for her, but that answer was clear. Trust me. Mr Draco was waiting just outside the door to the Auror Department, checking his watch when he heard the lift's doors open. Al and James were with him and they all looked relieved to see them both together. Her cousins rushed up to them both as soon as they were close enough, Al made it first. Uncle Harry and Mr Draco exchanged unreadable looks. James examined her arms. Al bombarded her with questions. They both asked her if she was okay. Well, ten minutes ago Rose would have made a joke or said something witty. However, during the ride up, all her brashness from earlier had left her system and it took every bit of adrenaline along with it. Everything that had happened that night at St. Mungo's—and since—had pulled the seams of her self-control to the point of no return. But that didn't matter. Her only option was to be fine. "Al, James," Uncle Harry sounded as tired as she felt. "Give her a moment." He closed his eyes when James asked him a question she hadn't caught. "Give us both a moment." "I'm fine." The door next to them opened and Rose saw her mum's hair, heard the familiar angry tone of her voice before she even saw her face. "How long has it been since Harry left? I'm not going to just wait—" When she saw her, the righteous indignation in her mother's tone died instantly. "Rose?" Her focus was on her. Just her. For the first time, in a very long time, Rose found herself drawn to her mother's presence, rather than repelled. She couldn't breathe or think about the significance of the pull. Her mind raced, fingers tingled with their first signs of life, and her vision was starting to blur. She had grossly miscalculated her current level of stress verses the amount she could handle and maintain her composure. Shit. "Are you okay?" her mum asked gently; eyes filled with nothing but concern. "I'm fine." Her eyes softened even more. "No, love, you're not." It didn't matter if she agreed or not because Rose was already moving on pure instinct, stepping between Al and James. The jacket fell from her shoulders and she barely acknowledged the fact that she'd stepped on Al's foot; none of that mattered. It was with linear focus that Rose flung herself in her mum's arms; not minding her bruised arms or caring about the pain. She just held on for dear life, finding the comfort she didn't know she needed until her mum wrapped her arms around her. Holding her. Grounding her. Calming her. Rose shut her eyes tight. All she could do was try and fight off her emotions and breathe, but she couldn't do either. She was hurt and overwhelmed and disoriented. Rose just…wanted her mum. Her grip tightened in desperation, but her mother held on. She must have been babbling because she hushed Rose and rubbed her back like she had when she was young and upset over something one of her cousins had said or done. "I'm here. We're all here." And shit… She didn't realise she was sobbing until it was far too late to stop. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of JK Rowling. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: And here we have it, the next stages of the plot. I'd apologize for the heavy chapter, but it was necessary. Hope you enjoyed! A few points: 1. Welcome to Rose's psyche as we dive a little deeper into her character...and you get a better picture of how the Cruciatus Curse messed her up. PTSD, anxiety, and all. Which would be understandable, all things considered. I'm throwing a lot on Rose, the poor girl was bound to break. I'd been slowly smoothing her strained relationship with Hermione, but I think this might do it. 2. Draco was such a joy to write like this, older and a little wiser about the person he had been before the war and even after. JK even said he raised Scorpius to be better than he was, and the only way for him to do that is to change himself. I just needed someone to verbalize Rose's problems and acknowledge the fact that she's hiding her issues behind her humor. Had to be someone with just as many issues. 3. Barracus...now that was a task, as his character changed like twice in my head before settling into this particular asshole. It's been said many times that the DOM is beyond reproach so it makes sense for the Head to think of himself as something of a god. Won't be the last we see of him. 4. Harry...uncle of the year. I originally had someone else break her out, but in the end, he worked the best as he had a reason and a way to do it. 5. No Scorpius, he'll be back. Jane, too, but they both were here in spirit.
