Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) This is the FIRST chapter, do enjoy! This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! 10/2019 Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! Chapter 1 - 2296 (*THIS IS A TRIAL RUN! I would very much like to hear your thoughts, I am stuck on my previous two fictions and those are both currently on hold… I'm hitting a blank wall with them) When Voldemort had taken power, he'd overtaken the magical community then after a few years, the muggles. He had no equal and was literally the Emperor of the planet. Any who stood against him was cut down rapidly. Over time they'd been ripped of their modern technology. Everything was destroyed, Hogwarts, Historical landmarks, Libraries, Records, anything he felt the need to be rid of. Like computers, cellphones, communication towers, they were of no use for his world. Anything that was not related to Pen and paper and typewriter was destroyed. Eventually, their dress codes had also been restored to a mixture of styles ranging from dark Victorian and Apocalyptic rags with a few other styles. Blades and some survival gear were also reconstructed. Hogwarts had been stripped of its school like nature and turned into a Palace for him. Drumstrange had been overtaken and turned into the Hogwarts replacement. Dark Arts and other classes were taught, of course, but the brainwashing only started there with the young minds. However, only pure-blooded Witches and Wizards could attend. Now and then half-blood would be allowed into the school, only because of special permission from the Dark Lord. Or in the world they now lived, Voldemort was called the Emperor of Time. He'd overcame death itself and had lived for many years, he was still alive 300 years later, give or take a year or so. Since the moment of being reborn and his power restored in 1995 during the Triwizard Tournament, Voldemort had killed Harry James Potter and from there on claiming his thrown over the Wizarding world became just as easy. Then the Muggle world became his domain as well. He was relishing in his power, the throne he now had, ever-growing power he was collecting from the world. No magical nor nonmagical being had the strength to stand against him, and barely anyone was against him any longer. The children he'd fathered over the years had even contributed to his immortality. His first child had found that out. By taking the lives of his children upon maturity he had been able to reform his human likeness, but that was just a bonus. The stolen years gave him years upon years to add to his immortality. He could still bleed, meaning he wasn't technically 'immortal.' The New Order was a joke. The first and second formed Order of the Phoenix was a much better challenge than these children wanting to play heroes and knights. However, he could think about that later, he had a bride to see at the end of the wedding aisle for their vows. Another woman to birth him yet another spawn to use as a life source. And the best part of it. She was a beauty. Not as beautiful as many other women he's come to marrying over the years. But she had a wild streak he rather enjoyed. 12 Grimmauld Place The 23-year-old redhead sat nervously in 12 Grimmauld's Place as she prepared herself for the coming trip. By meaning in 'preparation' she was trying to distract herself by reading old newspaper articles from a little over 300 years ago, yes, that's right, a little over 300 years. Their living hell had lasted that long and he was still alive! However, her 'trip' was a one-way mission, she wouldn't be coming back to this time. And truthfully, maybe it was for the better. Her family was dead, mother and father killed years apart, but still, they had been trying to protect her and her brother. Unfortunately, her brother, Sean, had turned his back on them and gave Voldemort everything he knew. All except Grimmauld Place, he'd never known nor set foot near the place. She was nervous, scared, terrified actually. With so many thoughts running through her mind, she violently slammed the paper closed and tossed it off to the side of the study. Resting her head in her palms, her body shook. Her dark blue dress hugged her in every upper body curved place, closed by small metal hooks from the dipping 'v' of her small breasts, holding her modestly and latched down to the front of her waist. Her long, dark red hair rested straight down to her lower back and softly fell around her as she leaned forward, resting her elbows against the long skirt covering her knees. "McGonagall? Are you alright?" a man asked from the door curiously. He'd been walking by when he heard her heavy sigh and the violent rustle of old paper. They didn't get the daily prophet any longer because Sean ran the department now in the Ministry. "McClaggen? I thought you were at the dig site for my Ancestor's vault with Lestrange?" "I was, we found it, Lelora found it. We found Minerva's Time-Turner and more. Aralia, do you know what that means?" McClaggen asked with a wide, excited smile. Aralia's heart thumped in her chest with hope, "We don't have to break into his castle to steal one. This is amazing, no casualties." "No, we still have to get you into Hogwarts grounds, Aralia." another man said sternly. "Alphard Lestrange, I thought you were trying to infiltrate his forces at his home for the week?" McClaggen grumbled with dislike. Leveling an equal dislike of glare to the sandy-haired blond, Alphard rolled his eyes at the arrogant git. "I was, and I succeeded. Aralia, we should wait. He had the Grim Reaper's rounding up their ranks to move out tonight, I overheard him telling them to double their forces at Hogwarts. I think he knows -" "No, no, we can get her to the Whomping Willow, she can morph into her Animagus and get in that way. We'll be her flank." McClaggen spoke up quickly. He couldn't let this not happen tonight, he had plans. Plans that had to be done tonight. He'd made a deal! "No, I am not risking Aralia, McClaggen! We lost Amora that way two years ago. I am not losing her daughter to the same foolish mistake!" Alphard scolded with clear anger. "Why don't you put a sock in it, Lestrange! Your family is the one sitting beside the Dark Lord in the first place!" McClaggen shot back at the Lestrange male. "I'm also a part of the Black family's descendants, moron, Regulus and Sirius Black put their lives on the line to stop him and they died in the process! As did Narcissa Malfoy and her sons! Remus and his wife and son later down the road." Alphard shouted, trying to defend some of his family. But he would make it clear that he was just as much a part of the New Order like him and everyone else involved in it. And that was a very few numbers in their forces. And it was growing smaller. ~History lesson~ Voldemort had forced Draco to kill his mother after finding her treachery of hiding her newborn child. It had been either kill Narcissa or hunt down his baby brother and kill him, Voldemort was not going to let Draco's family off that easily either. He'd have killed both the boy's parents then tortured Draco and have someone hunt down the child in his stead. Draco, with a shattering heart, had chosen to save his baby brother and defaulted to the Order as soon as he had the chance. Bellatrix had lost what little of her mind she had left and ended up killing herself by accident when she'd attempted to make a new killing curse and deadly potion to mix her wand with Snape's Sectumsempra, it had worked. But her creation had killed her and the unborn child upon finishing the concoction, leaving her daughter alone in the Manor with a deranged father with no love for his child. Rodolphus Lestrange had been the one that had killed Draco with the new Sectumsempra curse. ~End of History Lesson~ "Malcolm! Before you start on a hate quest rant why don't you look at the history that the Original Order members sacrificed for us to be here? We go tonight, this ends before another day can be lived in this hell. We're lucky we even have this Order still. But it's barely standing." Aralia snapped at them both, namely, Malcolm, he was so hateful towards Alphrad that he forgets that Narcissa had sacrificed a lot, her own life, after she'd had her second child, she'd given her son to the Order members to keep him safe from the Dark Lord's grasp, and the Malfoy mother had paid for it in blood. "He's also named after Regulus Black, Aralia! The guy worked for him for years like his parents, then at the last minute of sudden insight, he switched sides! How can that even be considered doing the right thing when he should have done the right thing in the first place!" and in his mind, Malcolm thought Regulus should have stayed with his original side. A woman slammed the kitchen door closed with annoyance at the current topic, once more it was about her family. The suddenly slammed door grasped the three's attention as the new blonde woman stormed their way and shoved between Alphard and Malcolm. The guy was annoying and always gave her the creeps. He was always following Aralia like a little lost, stalker, puppy. Something wasn't right about him after he'd been captured four years ago. Voldemort and his Reapers had him for weeks before they'd been able to get him back. They'd lost several members themselves in that mission and were now reduced to a very small number, more than what they already were. "Oh, for heaven's sake! Drop it already! Aralia comes on. Let's get you ready for tonight." "Nesryn, we are not -" "Yes, we are. If we wait as you want to Al, he'll have that whole place surrounded, it'll be even harder to get in and get her going more than it already will be. I just finished polishing the Artifact, she goes tonight. Even if we die getting her there." "No, no one dies -" "It's life, Aralia! Every time we've gone into a mission like this, we've always lost a few people, if not half of us. And we'll only be able to get a few people onto the grounds quickly before the alarms are sounded. We get you to the Whomping Willow, you start the Turner and you go, no matter what happens you get that Turner going and you don't stop. You hear me?" Aralia's eyes filled with tears as her friend held her arms tightly, Nesryn's cold blue eyes staring deep into her soul. She, her two brothers and older sister, Lelora, was the last member directly related to the House of Black, the last Malfoy's in truth as well. Nodding with fear filling her, Aralia walked up to her room with Nesryn and started to pack a small bag with an undetectable extension charm. She wasn't coming back, and she wanted to take what she could with her, things she'd need. Like Teddy Lupin's letters and one or so of his journals with his plan of attack and the potion vial he demanded be taken back in time with the traveler, "Remember what he said, stay low, don't lie, little truths here and there if you have too, watch what you say, you could set them off. Be patient, gain their trust and watch out for Remus and Sirius, because apparently, Sirius Black will eat you alive if he finds you a threat. But please, please, be careful… Because the moment you land in the past, this future will no longer exist." Nesryn softly begged her. A whisper on her lips as she warned her friend. The others didn't want Aralia to know this, but she had every right to know. It was her home too after all. She was raised here, grew up in the very walls of the Black's family home. Now she was leaving it. All because some old groupies of the New Order had focused on her upon her birth and trained her, with what little knowledge and abilities they had. All because she was there. A newborn. Someone who knew nothing at the moment, someone who could learn just about anything, everything she'd need to get Ted Lupin's idea started and hopefully, with some improvising on Aralia's end, succeeds. "Wait, what? No one told me that part!" "Because you are leaving this time stream and going back in time to change this future, it will have changed. You can do this, otherwise, my brother and I will follow you into the past and kick your butt…" Nesryn laughed playfully. Tears burning her blue eyes as the two girls looked at one another. Pulling the young 23-year-old into her arms Nesryn took a strong breath to keep herself under control, she holds tightening around the redhead. But her hold wasn't the only one that grew stronger. Aralia's hold around her grew tight as well. They were both afraid. Their peace wasn't meant to last. Loud feet slammed against the stairwell, suddenly Alphrad flew into the room panting with adrenaline and fear clear on his face. "Girls! Time to leave, whatever isn't packed stays. We gotta go, now... Come on!" he shouted when they hadn't moved. Grabbing Aralia's bag, he tossed a few other things inside her bag and tossed it to her as she dumped a few other things inside as well, quickly closed it up just as the front door to Grimmauld place was blown inward. "Come out, come out wherever you are little rabbits!" a voice sang around the house of the front door. The voice sent chills up her spine, "Sean?" his name was like a whisper on her lips as she stared at the opened doorway with dread. Grabbing the girls' hands, they quickly Disapparated from the home and headed straight for Hogwarts. His wishes to not do this tonight had just been shot to Hell. They had to get Aralia to the Whomping Willow and back in time. "What about the Time-Turner?!" Aralia asked with fright in mid-travel. "It's with me, don't worry. Where's Malcolm, Al?" Nesryn told her before asking her brother where McClaggen was, she may not have liked him, but he was still a part of their Order. "He's meeting us there. He's our security. We get as close to the tree as we can, get you inside and you go, no stopping." Al re-explained. Seconds later they dropped on Hogwarts grounds at a pond in the back of the woods. "Not where I wanted us to land but it'll do, come on, we gotta run, now." pulling Aralia to her feet he held onto her hand tightly and they all made a run for the Willow. To their luck, the alarms hadn't gone off. But something wasn't right, they should have sounded as soon as they Apparated inside Hogwarts grounds. Slowing them to a very slow walk he gave a silent hand signal to tell the girls to keep themselves as down towards the covered brush as much as possible, slowly making their way up to the Willow, it branches still long and still as ever. "The alarms haven't gone off," "Maybe Malcolm was able to disarm the alarms then?" Aralia suggested softly. Shaking his head in thought, Alphard sighed and looked back at her, his hand still firmly holding hers, he wasn't letting go until he knew she was safe to go ahead with this. They couldn't be sending her dead body back almost a thousand years if she didn't burn up first. "Doubtful, those alarms are inside the Castle with the rest of his forces and himself." "Then what do we do?" Nesryn asked with slight annoyance. Getting irritated with the girls he glared back at his sister. "Shush, I'm thinking." "Well don't think too hard on it pal, what are you doing down there anyway?" Malcolm's gentle, yet charming, laughter came from the hillside. Looking up towards him, Al rolled his eyes with an annoyed sigh. Low-and-behold, resting against a large boulder that was locked into the ground as he stared at them was none other than Malcolm McClaggen, "Come on, the Alarms are disabled, we have full rain of the tree. Keep Guard, I'll walk her inside." "No, I will. I'm not letting her go until I know she's safe." "She'll never be safe unless we get her and the Time-Turner to start." Malcolm slightly argued. Walking a few steps towards Lestrange, Malcolm reached between him and Aralia's hand and tried to remove Alphrad's hand from hers, a dark look in his eyes. A threatening look. This wasn't right, the whole thing was off. "Alright, knock it off. Good God, both of you have some issues you need to work out." Aralia grumbled, removing her hand from Al's gently and took the object which Nesryn held out for her, the two girls sharing a sad look, their last glimpse at one another. Tearing her eyes from her friend she headed towards the tree's entrance, Malcolm on her heels. Glaring at the back of her brother's head Nesryn smacked his arm, "What is going on with you three?" she demanded. "I don't trust him," Al answered simply. "You mean you don't like him, come on, we both know you two have eyes for her, but it's not going to happen brother dearest." "No, I don't trust him." "And for good reason, old friend. You really should have come with me when I defaulted to Lord Voldemort." His voice was one they had just fled from, turning to face him, Al moved his sister behind him. An attempt to safeguard her. "Sean," Whomping Willow Wrapping the Time Turner's chain around her, Aralia studied her ancestor's artifact carefully and with a hopeful smile. The first smile she'd truly had since this whole thing had blown up in their faces 13 years ago when her mother was killed. She had to help the Order in history because helping what was left of them in her current time was not doing anything except getting people killed. "Okay, so I put the Turner around my neck and…. Crap, how many turns? Oh, right," Aralia spoke mostly to herself. She wasn't paying attention to Malcolm as he walked up behind her and grasped ahold of the Turners chain. His action startled her, "Damnit Malcolm, I almost started turning this thing!" He had to do it now! He had to get them both back into the past, he had to stop him from going into that house, at least warn him to be more vigilant if he were to keep his promises, if he were to have everything he was promised, he wanted Aralia, and he was damn well finally going to have her all to himself. Lestrange wouldn't be in his way at all. "We can go together, Aralia. We can go back, help them regain his power faster, warn him, help him gain everything he needs, help him make everything better than he did without our help. We know the future, we know what happened, not everything of course, but some of the main events, his events, the moves the Order will make, we can help them stop the Order, we can have everything, we can live a life in a world that was so beautiful-" Her ears had to be tricking her. More so her eyes. His own green eyes were wide and shining with what she'd call madness, but he was too close for comfort, his face was mere inches from her face, "Whoa, whoa, slow down, Malcolm. What the heck are you talking about?" suddenly grabbed by him she leaned her head back and away from him as he attempted to kiss her, "What the hell are you doing- LET GO! MALCOLM, GET OFF ME! ALPHARD!" now she was frightened as he suddenly jumped on her, wrestling the Time-Turner from her and pinned her to the already weak floorboards. "I did this for us, I know you won't forgive me without help, but we can do this, we can make it work. I promise we can get married in the past, have a life -" "GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HER!" Alphard's sudden shout filled the Shrieking Shacks ruins. But he wasn't alone, he and Nesryn were being held captive as they were forced up the stairs and into the room. Both struggling to get out of their captures vice-like hold. Frightened and wanting to be anywhere but with Malcolm, Aralia fought Malcolm's hold to run to her friends, but his hold was painful, "Alphard! Nesryn! Sean, let them go, please, please, I am begging you! D-don't hurt them, please!" Rolling his green eyes with irritation at hearing Lestrange's voice, now seeing two of the three Lestrange siblings. "Oh, look, the wall in the way again… You know, he's the reason I went to him. After they captured me, the long hours of torture, he let me out of the dungeons, sat me down. Promised me so many things. You, a life. But only if I go with you and deliver my side of the deal. The sooner he has his power restored, the sooner he can kill the boy and get rid of the Order. He just wanted his time, Aralia." Malcolm said, whispering into her red hair as he held her close to him. To him he felt like his wishes and dreams were coming true, she was finally in his arms, but her struggles were getting annoying. To Aralia, she was panicking, fearful, and repulsed as her mind circling with one thought, 'He's gone mad!' How had she not noticed?! She knew he had changed, but anyone in captivity in his grasp for so long would turn out to change, to not be themselves after that ordeal! But she hadn't realized he'd betrayed them! "Malcolm, I am going to say this as nicely as I can…. YOU'RE INSANE!" She screamed into his face, catching him off guard, she slammed a leg back into his knee, knocking him to his knees with a painful huff and shout. The impact weakened his hold on her, giving her the upper hand and locked his arm behind his back. Pulling a small amount of Peruvian Instant Darkening Powder from her robes and tossed it at her brother's feet as she ripped the Time-Turner from Malcolm's hold, breaking a few fingers for touching her, mostly for trying to kiss her. Her distraction and sudden outburst to fight back gave Al and Nesryn their own chance to take their captures by a slight surprise. And at his chance, he swung as hard as he could in the direction in which he knew Sean was and knocked him back and over the railing. Grabbing his sister, he almost swung at the figure that ran into him and Nesryn until he heard the frightened gasp of a woman, "No! Wait, it's me, go, run!" Hearing her voice was a relief. And run they did. Right down the tunnel and out the Whomping Willow. A curse flew at their back and a body dropped with a heavy thud. "NESRYN!" His heart clenched tight at Aralia screaming for his sister. Her long blonde hair fanned around her now still body. Quickly wrapping his arms around Aralia's advancing form to go back for Nesryn, Alphard Lestrange tossed Aralia back towards the Rocky wall, he needed her to run or start turning the damn Time-Turner. "TURN THE DAMN THING!" he screamed at her. But she was frozen with fear. The girl couldn't move! "Aralia!" what had her so frightened! She'd been in worse binds than this! Another curse was screamed behind him, Sean's voice clear as the night's starry skies. And he knew the curse was heading straight for Aralia, Sean McGonagall was so out of his mind he was willing to kill his sister. Alphard's body moved quickly in front of her, wrapping his arms around her as it hit his back, his flesh getting ripped into painfully it took his breath away. The sudden shout of pain that left Aralia as they fell had him in panic, but the stillness she displayed as they landed against the ground terrified him. Grabbing the Time-Turner in hand, he wrapped the chain around them both and began to turn the spinner hourglass in the center and the world instantly began to move backward before his body began to weaken. Finishing the turns, Al looked down at the now unconscious woman, even with her red hair he could see she had hit her head on the rock wall as they fell, blood coated her temple and a slightly nasty gash on the side of her head. Praying he got the turns right Alphard did the most dangerous and unknown things. He slipped the chain from himself and rolled away from her, slipping out of the time loop. Only one could make the trip. The Time-Turner only had enough power and strength for that kind of journey for one person, he was a dead man anyway. He'd been hit by Sectumsempra. The ground was cold beneath him, seeping into his clothes and body as his back burned from the wounds being against the cold ground, infection would likely set in soon as the cold ground drank up his spilled blood, staining the ground red. Alarms burned his ears that soon became soft echoes, even that of the screams and shouts that were possibly heading his way became nothing but whispers. Until nothing. Death took his heart and mind, but the image of his baby sister's sweet smile was the only thing that helped him know he was going to see her in the afterlife soon. Hogwarts -1992 "RON! THE TREE!" "AH! STOP, STOP STOP!" Ron screamed, smacking his wand against the steering wheel of the flying car, but it was not going to help one bit. His wand snapped like a twig and mere seconds later they were running into the Whomping Willow. "My wand… Look at my wand..." he whimpered as he stared at his broken wand, tears burning his eyes. Not for the loss of the wand, in truth, he was afraid what his mother was going to do to him! "Be thankful it wasn't your neck... Now, what the heck had your attention so badly!" "I thought I saw something!" Ron cried with adrenaline. Fear that flooded him with the screams he in for from his mother. What was he going to do about his wand! Huffing as he looked around, Harry saw nothing at all. Confused, he shrugged with curiosity and slight irritation that his friend had been driving and not had his eyes in front of him at all! "Saw what!" "I thought I saw a - " The car made a sudden jolt. The tree had just moved… "What was that?" "I don't know… but I don't think that's a good thing." Harry sighed with fear as he looked around. Once more they were moved. This time they were almost lifted out of their seats. "What's happening?" Ron almost cried. The assault began tenfold, the Trees' branches slammed and attacked the Car that had landed in its hold and broke a few of its branches. But the sudden fall backward had the two boys screaming with fright. Finally, on the ground, the boys inside the car took a breath of relief. Until the car spit them out and their belongings and took off into the forest. "Dad's gonna kill me..." "Ron..." Harry gently called to his friend. The poor boy had already been through enough, heck, they both had, but the body laying before them near the tree had his heart-stopping. "Ron, you never said what you thought you saw." "Huh, oh yeah. I thought I saw it… a body? ... Oh God, is she-is she dead, Harry?" Ron asked with fright as the two boys rushed to the woman's side and checked for a pulse. Harry placed his hand a small distance from her mouth and nose, his heart relaxed at feeling gentle breathing against his palm, "No, she's still breathing." Ron was relieved for a moment until he saw the red in her already dark red hair. Moving some of her hair aside to see what it could be, Ron's eyes widened with dread. "Look at her head. Looks like she took a nasty hit." "Ron, go get help. We can't leave her alone." Harry instructed. They couldn't leave her alone out here. She could die if they both left her alone. The absence of someone's presence could leave the person lying there feeling empty and cold. At least that's what Harry always thought. "R-right, help. Alright." Ron stuttered as he stood on wobbly legs and ran inside calling for help. He found Mr. Filch thankfully who ran in to get the Professors. By the time they got her on a hospital stretcher, there was a swarm of students and staff around them outside, curious as to how she got there, and who the heck she was! But the look McGonagall continued to give the young woman looked like she already knew who she was… Or who she thought she was. Even Poppy, Albus and Pomona Sprout had a look of sheer shock as they looked at her. But that had to be impossible. She was dead! "Minerva? Are you alright dear?" Poppy asked her friend with worry. "No, Poppy. I am not alright… This is impossible… She's dead… Elizabeth is dead." Minerva whispered, her watering eyes following the stretcher heading inside the school as the rest of the Professors and Prefects instructed the students to go back inside and finish supper. "Try to calm yourself Minerva. It could simply be an injured woman who may look like her, and if that's the case then I believe we need to make sure the school's defenses are well in place." Dumbledore instructed, nodding his head to a few of their security personnel. "Professor, she had this on her. It was hot and we didn't want it to burn her, so we took it off." Ron said with worry. They were late, they'd stolen a car and they'd likely been seen on their way out of London in the flying car. But the item had McGonagall's last name on it, and he figured it should be turned over to her, and she was also the head of Gryffindor House. Looking at the item she took from Ron's offered hand, Minerva studied the Time-Turner and quickly hid the item in her robes with a frightful, sad and confused intake of breath and quickly picked up her pace to catch up with the stretcher. This woman had her personal Time Turner, but that was impossible because Minerva was wearing the very same around her neck. She didn't go anywhere without it. Never left it unsupervised. 'This is impossible. She'd have to be though if she had the very same that I still have in my possession! And even so, how could she possibly look exactly like my daughter!' But as the minutes ticked by and Poppy worked on minding the woman's head and did her thorough check-up, the nurse took a blood sample to check for any illnesses. Albus, Poppy, Minerva, and Severus were waiting patiently as she woke up almost an hour later. Her eyes adjusted to the room around her, the soft light that illuminated the wing she was in, the bed was comfortable, but not as comfortable as her bed back home. However, as she took in the stone walls and the stained glass of the windows, Aralia shot up with a tearful gasp and fell out of the bed with fright and began to scramble away from the figures she'd been surrounded by. She was in the castle! She didn't make it into the past! She didn't make it to Harry's fourth year! She was now a prisoner in Voldemort's clutches! This couldn't be happening! However, only three out of the four of her thoughts were correct. Standing from her fallen place she found four people now standing around the bed she had previously been laying in. But the soft light illuminating the room didn't exactly give her the light she needed to see that they were not Voldemort's followers. "No, no, no, no. Thi-this isn't happening… Oh God, wh-where's Alphard!" "Calm down dear girl, you are in no danger." the old, soothing voice of Albus Dumbledore spoke to her. But it was still not enough. "Severus, before she makes a run for it!" Poppy shouted with fright. She couldn't let her patient make a run for it with a head wound. Just because she'd healed the girl up didn't mean she was alright to be on her feet! Quickly stepping around everyone, Severus quickly caught the fleeing woman against his chest, his quick thinking to brighten the candlelight was a good idea considering the moment the light burned bright her fist froze mid-swing as she came face to face, really face to chest, with Severus Snape… THE Severus Snape. Her eyes grew wide as the living, breathing secret weapon Dumbledore used to infiltrate Voldemort's ranks standing right in front of her. And she almost hit him… "S-Severus Snape?" Confused as to how this woman knew him, to the point that the only redhead he'd ever really known was six feet under and had green eyes, not blue. He had never seen this woman before in his life! However, the stunning similarities she shared with Lily almost had him stepping back from her. Raising a curious brow at her, Severus watched her eyes roll in the back of her head and swiftly caught her once more and lifted her into his arms as she fainted, "Well, I've never had that happen before..." he said nonchalantly as he rested the now unconscious woman back onto the bed, allowing Minerva and Poppy to fret over the girl once again. **Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it, I personally feel like I'm losing my touch, but I was drawing a constant blank with the other two stores and I'm embarrassed to say I'm just about to close to pull them off here because they are unfinished. however this idea has been swarming around my head and it will not leave me alone so, here it is and I'd like your opinion(s) because like I said up top, this is a trial run, I'm just curious how it will do. So, please review it with thoughts. Please no bashing, but I do want your honest opinion.
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) 10/2019 Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! Chapter 2 "Is she alright? Poppy, is she alright!?" Minerva was frantic with worry. "Minerva, please. Yes, she will be alright, but she needs rest. As do we all... I will watch her. Go to bed. All of you." Poppy said, then shewed them all out. Her soft sigh filled the silent Hospital wing, Minerva hadn't moved from her spot. "Minerva, go to bed." "I'll take the cot next to her- no, Poppy. Please… I just. I have to… I must know who she is before Albus does, I have to know she isn't Elizabeth. But I know deep down that's impossible, Elizabeth is dead. This woman has blue eyes, Elizabeth had brown eyes. She has dark, blood-red hair, and it's straight! Elizabeth didn't have hair like this, she had to wave hair, lighter, shorter!" in all her slightly loud comparison, Minerva had sat on the bed next to the woman who looked so much like her dead daughter and her tears began to fall. Poppy spent most the night comforting her crying friend before nodding to the Transfiguration Professor and motioned towards the pillow, "Sleep," Morning Poppy smiled at the now fully functional woman. She was walking and not nauseous at all. "You're clear to go, however, I will ask that you stay, Minerva and the other Professor will be -" The Healer was interrupted by her doors opening and three Professors walking in. "Sorry to barge in on you Madam Pomfrey... I am glad you are an awake dear girl. Now, please, I know you've just woken up from your ordeal, however, we'd like to ask you a few questions." Albus stated as he walked in with Severus and Minerva. At her understanding nod, Albus smiled gently to her, "Now, a name will be the start of it all." Her bright blue eyes danced between them all. She'd only ever seen pictures of these people, now they were standing before her. Alive. She was about to give a false name until Teddy's advice and that of Nesryn echoed in her mind. "I was offered some advice before making this trip… No lies… the whole truth, at least the only things you must know...So, to answer your first question, Sir, my name is Aralia, Aralia Minerva Elizabeth McGonagall. My mother was sentimental with names." she answered softly. Her bright blue eyes dancing between the four people as she spoke her name. Even witnessed the fall of McGonagall's face and shoulders as the Woman let out a soft, yet sad, sigh. She had been expecting her to be someone else then. "I'm sorry, but if it brightens up your mood, I'm your great-great-great- great-granddaughter? At least I think that's right, our files and records aren't very good." "How is this possible!?" Snape snapped. He was only being protective, but his sudden outburst had startled her. "I'm from 2296, I came back to help you all stop the Dark Lord from even coming back! Now, what year is it?" Aralia spoke back with slight irritation. She was not going to have him belittle and dissect every answer she gave! Then again, could she blame him? She was, after all, claiming to be from 300 years in the future. She figured if she were in his shoes, she'd do the very same. But she had to know what year it was! Seeing as she'd answered, Albus smirked a little beneath his long beard, her slightly snapping back to Severus had him almost in a roll of laughter. Not many in this age who faced against Snape now would every do it, least of all a second time. However, he had a feeling she'd be the one to do it more than just once. And he looked forward to witnessing this rather funny, and entertaining encounter. Clearing his throat just enough to gain their attention, he figured he could offer her an answer for her question, "It is September 2nd, 1992." Paling slightly at his answer, Aralia stared at Professor Dumbledore with shock, and what they determined to be fright… "You're joking? Right? 1992?" She was completely bewildered. In her unconscious state, she'd bypassed her destination by a long shot! For a moment she was panicking, then the idea of getting closer to them now rather than towards the more intense parts of Harry's life would benefit her best. Aralia was calm for only a moment until, "Oh my God, Alphard… Alphard!" Jumping from the cot she began to search the rest of the beds, except she found them empty. "Is there a separate Wing for the males? Alphard, he - he came with me, at least I thought he did, I hit my head, I felt him put the chain around him. At least I thought he did, I couldn't move I was so out of it-" Raising his hand in a calming motion, Albus gently spoke to the once again panicking woman. "Easy, easy, Aralia… you were found alone, no one was with you." Fearful at the Professor's words, Aralia gasped with panic, hot tears burning her bright blue eyes, "But he's hurt, injured terribly! He couldn't have gotten up and moved." "Injured, injured how?" Minerva asked with curiosity. "Sean hit him in the back with a curse, likely ripped into him, they changed the curse, laced it with poison. He won't survive unless he has medical attention." Aralia was in a panic. If Alphard didn't come with her, then where, or when, was he? Sitting back on her cot, Aralia buried her face in her hands and leaned into her knees. "This is all my fault. I froze up... I've been in worse cases, but I've never seen him personally. It was like the air was ripped from my body. I couldn't move." she whimpered. Kneeling before her, Minerva gently took hold of the girl's forearms and eased her hands from her face, "Who? Who did you see Aralia?" The two McGonagall women stared into one another's eyes, and the elder saw the fear, regret and the sadness of the news and the idea of losing her friend, who likely just saved her life at the cost of his own. You were never to jump out mid-turn with a time Turner in process. It was life-threatening as it was, but with him, as injured as Aralia claims, her friend was likely already dead. But Minerva had to know who she was speaking of, who could have caused her to freeze up like she described if she's been in far worse scenarios? And she had a sinking feeling she was not going to like the answer she got. And she was right. "The Dark Lord, The Emperor of Time, that's what he calls himself. I came back in time to stop him from killing Harry James Potter." The Professors present to her confession had quickly decided to keep this quiet for the time being. As of now, Aralia was being taken under Minerva's wing, namely of her care. Poppy had taken the sample of blood she'd taken from Aralia upon her arrival, and one from Minerva to have them compared and a new one to check for illnesses and future safekeeping. It would take several weeks for the results to come back. However, they somewhat already believed Aralia as it was. She had the duplicate of Minerva's Time Turner she had used, and now ruined and unusable from there on out, and the Order of the Phoenix's photos, the old one Albus had constructed, then the second, Dumbledore's Army and finally a picture of the New Order from the years onward with dates and their names on the back of the photo. But she wasn't giving up everything. Only that her goal was to safeguard Harry Potter. For the time being, they would put some trust in her until they could put their whole trust in her. Aralia had proven she could do transfiguration, until she'd turned into an Animagus, a snow-white fox actually, with bright blue eyes. Minerva had explained the rules in their years of civil society to her, but since she was not technically born yet, they could not register her. Not like Aralia wanted to be registered in the first place. They could track you that way! But she'd keep that opinion to herself. However, the woman had proven to get along with the students, but then again, the children had warmed up to her easily, and rather quickly, even Hermione, Harry, and Ron had warmed up to her, even Draco liked her! However, being almost similar to Minerva she was not to be crossed. But she had curiously wondered why Draco was such a bully to others. "Because he's a git that can't get his nose out of the sky and off his family's high horse," was how Ron had explained it. Though, Hermione's explanation had summed up her real thoughts. "He's a young boy with a family who's not only got pure blood Wizardry in him from generations past but money, lots of money. But I think there's something more behind it. I think he's acting out." she explained. But her surprises had not stopped at being great at Transfiguration, she was good at just about everything. Snape even gave her a test and she passed it! Unfortunately, she didn't have a wand, that was something they were going to have to remedy soon. But until they knew they could trust her. She was going to be wandless for a while. However, the Potions Master quickly started to like the new Witch in their mists. Aralia had blown off Lockhart on the few occasions she'd met him. Snape couldn't help the grin and slight snicker at the memory of Aralia's first supper with them at the table and the children. Flashback Lockhart grinned his 'flashy' grin at the young redhead and quickly claimed a seat next to her and attempted to charm her. She'd given the Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor a confused expression as he spoke about himself, and truthfully, she didn't know who the man was. "Who are you?" Lockhart's grin dropped quickly, "Y-you mean you haven't heard of me at all?" lightly laughing at her 'naive' likeness Lockhart cleared his throat and struck a seated pose, "Dear girl, do you not read?" Slightly offended at his question, Aralia's brow rose with slight annoyance. However, she figured to have a little fun with him. Smiling sweetly, she nodded, "Of course I read, anything that helps me survive and gives me a spark of interest, so yes, of course, I read…. Do you read Professor?" she asked with a slight smirk at his slightly huffed offense and moved back to his previous seat. Aralia bit back her chuckles as she nibbled on the food that was on her plate. Minerva had covered her grinning laughter with a napkin, "That was rather good," "I don't like fools who pretend to be something they are not… Why did Professor Dumbledore give him the Defense position again?" she asked with nagging curiosity. Her attention turned to the Elf who took the seat next to her own and laughed playfully at her question before whispering, "Because he's trying to reveal the man's a fraud. One of the Wizards Lockhart duped was one of Dumbledore's close friends. He has it out for the man." "Duped? In what way did that thing of a man dupe a wizard who was friends with Albus Dumbledore?" Aralia was confused. If Albus was friends with the wizard, how did Lockhart get the better of him? He didn't even teach the children anything! "The Wizard's mind was wiped clean. Lockhart took the praise and credit for what Albus's friend accomplished, wiped the man's memories, then pretended to save him. Each Witch or Wizard who has ever encountered the man on their travels while he wrote his ridiculous novels then their memories would be erased so he could make profits from the stories he wrote." Minerva whispered to the girl. Informing her of what had happened. She too had just recently found that out. "However, it is only speculation since no one has the proof of him being a fake. Which is where him being a Professor against the Dark arts comes into play." Minerva continued to whisper softly. "And it will work. He shall be revealed of his deeds in due time. Patience is all that is needed." Albus said to the two of them, a grin and a soft wink in their direction had Aralia almost giggling. "You are a charmer Albus Dumbledore." Aralia joked, though it was true, she had no doubt he was charming in his younger years. Playful still and had a slight streak for fun. "Why of course, you should have known me when I was much younger, the fun I could have with a friend was always an adventure," Albus claimed with a playful smile, though his mind traveled down memory lane and he was silenced by the face he'd always see and would forever love. But he'd keep that much to himself. Snape had watched and listened to what he could, and he figured he knew what they were talking about. He still didn't know if he could trust her. But she hadn't done anything as of yet to give them any kind of betrayal. Apparently, her only goal was to keep Harry Potter alive, a goal they each shared. End She had explained to them a few of the drawbacks of being in her time, the school was for Pure blooded witches and Wizards, brainwashed into thinking they were the supreme beings on the planet. However, he was curious now as to how she had passed the test he'd given her, she'd also passed the O.W. L's and the N.E.W. T's exams. "What did they teach you, none of my students pass that test, not like that," Snape asked curiously. Even though she was gaining some of his pleasured company of being around her, Snape couldn't trust her. Not yet. Shaking her head, Aralia sighed softly, mostly to herself. She was always embarrassed when she'd tell someone she never went to school. "No, I didn't go to school. I was trained specifically for this. When I was born, I guess the Order Members decided from then on, I was 'the one' to come back in time. I don't know why, so I can't give you any further answers to that. My mother was killed when I was ten years old, then my brother defected to his forces after she was killed. When I had no one else the Order members raised me together. My lessons continued as they had previously. And truthfully, it was more brutal. To be honest, I didn't exactly get to be a kid like some others', then again not many of us got to be kids. They wanted me to be 'perfect'. But I'm far from it. I'm a mess up, I can't do anything right and I have no idea what I am doing now. But, the Lestrange siblings in our Order taught me some things, they never expected me to be perfect, and it was a relief from the harshness of the other's, they weren't pleasant things they taught me, but things I'd need to know. Now they're dead, their all dead. None of them exist anymore… To be honest, I never felt like I belonged there, but here, I feel relief, calm. At least for now." She admitted. Nodding in understanding, Severus cleared his throat, "Well, if the events you came back to stop did happen to make your world, I hope we can prevent it. However, I must make sure my Quidditch team is practicing." "Can I come?" She asked quickly, a sudden outburst of excitement. Suddenly feeling she was imposing on his teaching and job as a Professor, she cleared her throat and apologized, "Sorry, I've never seen a Quidditch game before. I got a little too anxious. I'll go see if Minerva needs any help. Have a nice day Professor Snape! Oh, um… Thank you." she said sweetly to him. For the first time since being there, Aralia smiled a real smile. "For what?" he asked with some curiosity, it was the first time in a while someone had smiled at him, least of all thanked him. "For listening," and with that she quickly rushed off, feeling he'd like to have his peace away from her chattering self. Snape couldn't help but realize she had been right, she never had the chance to be a child and have fun, she was so bored and constantly looking over her shoulder and trying to find something to do that any mention of something she'd likely only read about, Aralia would try to jump onto the train to see if she could participate… Maybe they should involve her in a few things. However, he had a growing assumption she'd never been on a broom before. Shrugging it off, Snape walked towards the Quidditch field and found the team laughing as they walked out. "How was practice," he demanded an answer, he never asked questions to students, he simply expected an answer. "Brilliant Professor Snape, just a few more practice runs, and I think he'll be good to go for the upcoming game. We really must thank Draco's father for the brooms, they fly wonderfully." Flint said with a wicked grin. "Excellent," Snape simply said and walked away. He had a meeting with Dumbledore and his mind continued to rattle around about Aralia. She was energetic, and now in a safe environment compared to her previous time she'd left behind. "Severus, your mind is not it's own today, is everything alright?" Albus asked him. "Hm? Oh, yes, apologies Professor. I was just curious. Maybe we should start including Miss. McGonagall in our activities. Meaning helping a few of us other Professors in classroom things. She's brilliant with just about everything. However, she shows exception with Potions, defense, and transfiguration. However, she would need a wand. She also showed some interest in Quidditch, however, I suspect she's never flown a day in her life." Raising a brow in curiosity, Albus leaned back comfortably in this chair. "Why the sudden interest in Aralia's discomfort, Severus?" "She's jumpy, always looking over her shoulder. Always on guard and she has sudden outbursts of curiosity for things we find as daily normality. If she is to truly fit in with our time as of now, she needs to be equipped and utilized. Madam Pomfrey's results came in this morning, far earlier than they should have. Minerva McGonagall and Aralia McGonagall are in fact, related. However, it shows generations of different genes and evolution. She has high concentrated magic entangled in her blood. This is seen in those who tend to not only not use wands but also have slowly growing signs of an Obscurus… However, there are two ways we can truly know if she is from the future." Snape explained. He'd looked at the results himself, even had Hagrid take a gander at what he thought was impossible. "Either the truth serum or we could Protago her mind, infiltrate it." Thinking a short while on those options Albus nodded. "Bring her, we will question her once more, this time with the serum. We have been doubting her since her arrival, and I for one have enough trouble to deal with." Albus sighed. Nodding, Snape went about getting the serum and looking for Aralia and Minerva. However, he found her in Minerva's classroom with the three troublemakers of Gryffindor while she scolded them. "Mr. Weasley! Why did you find it in your right to attempt to curse Mr. Malfoy!" she demanded. This brought his attention. One of his students was now verbally involved in this. Walking into the classroom he watched Minerva huff and leaned back into her chair at seeing Snape entering. "He called Hermione a mud-blood, Professor McGonagall, Ron was just trying to defend her!" Harry spoke up for his friend who was currently in a chair with a bucket in front of him puking up slugs. The sight almost had Snape seething away, "What is the meaning of this, I left Malfoy and the Slytherin team just a few hours ago and none of them mentioned this to me." He demanded. "Severus, I am handling my students, I suggest you do the same to your own." Minerva snapped. She had had enough already. FIRST, she couldn't keep the darn girl in one place! And truthfully, she recently found out that Lockhart was constantly trying to speak with her, Aralia was likely trying to hide from him. She knew the rules today were very different from the rules of survival forward in her previous time. If she was really from the future. But now she had these three to deal with! "Mr. Weasley you have detention, polishing the trophies in the trophy room. Tonight preferably. Now away with you." Minerva shewed them away. Waiting until they were gone, she huffed and stood from her chair staring at Severus. "May I help you." "Dumbledore requires Aralia's presents. I'm assuming he means you as well since you are in charge of her. We found a way to find if we can truly trust her." Snape informed the two women, his cold eyes landing on the redhead. Her shoulders tense with worry and her stern look set in her bright blue eyes. Aralia knew she should have expected this. But she never thought they'd result in possible Torture. Then again, she was a person claiming to be 300 years into the future when she could just be an insane woman. However, the cold glare Snape was leveling her with had her shivering. Only two people had ever made her shiver like that before, and that was her brother and the werewolf that had attacked her when she was fifteen. "Now, would be preferable, Aralia. Follow me please." Snape ordered, turned on his heels and walked off with a rather quick pace. Minerva waved her onward and ushered her towards Albus's office with Snape leading the way. Albus's Office Upon their arrival, Albus held a hand towards a seat, a silent invite to take said chair. "I do not take pleasure in this my dear. However, until we know one hundred percent that we can trust you, I am afraid we have resorted to this one method. It is not preferable, but it is more comfortable if you simply comply with the serum." Dumbledore stated. Taking her seat in a slightly graceful manner, the redhead huffed, she hated the idea of being interrogated. However, she should have known they weren't going to trust her easily. Unfortunately, she figured this was a delayed reaction from them, they should have done this weeks ago when she arrived. "I know how Verituserum works Professor Dumbledore, hand it over, Snape." Aralia sighed with slight irritation. Holding her hand out for the Serum, she glared at the vile thing and with one strong intake of breath and releasing it to relax her nerves, she took the truth serum and waited for the effects to start. Taking a breath at the small amount of nausea she began to feel, and the questions began to start. "What is your name?" "Aralia Minerva Elizabeth McGonagall." she answered. "Who are your parents?" "Amora, muggle, and Jacob McGonagall, Wizard." she answered. "When were you born?" "October 20th, 2273 at 12:45 p.m. in the New Order's medical sector, Anora Lupin delivered me with the help of her daughter, Andromeda." she answered. "Why did you come back to 1992?" "I wasn't supposed to. I was supposed to go back to 1994 to stop Harry from being murdered during the Triwizard Tournament. When Al, Nesryn and I were attacked in the Whomping Willow Al took a curse Sean sent my direction, I was frozen because he showed up to see what was disturbing his wedding night. He saw me and Al got hit by the curse, Sectumsempra. I hit my head against the rock wall, and I was barely conscious. He turned the time turner and I ended up here. I bypassed my original destination." She explained. "Who's Sean?" "My brother. After our mother was killed, Sean betrayed us. I was taken to Grimmauld place with the New order Members. And raised there." "How old are you?" "23-years-old, unofficially considering I'm not technically born yet? Or ever will be." "Why do you say that?" Albus asked he had the suspicion that he knew why but he'd rather ask. "I came back into time, I've been seen, even though my younger self isn't here I have inevitably changed history as it is by being here and speaking with any of you. Even as you interrogate me with this Serum, we have all changed history. I know just as much about what will happen in the coming years as any of you now." Aralia explained. Handing her a cup of water, Albus nodded. "I believe we have our answers. At least everything we need thus far. Rest. We will procure you a wand as soon as we can, my dear. Now, since we can trust you, I believe we have to catch you up on a few things." Albus said with a sigh and dismissed Snape and Minerva. He couldn't believe it, she'd been telling the truth, she was from the future. "Severus, Is this truly possible?" Minerva asked. "You already have your answer, McGonagall. She is here and she is all the evidence you need. Now, my only question is, how shall we present her to everyone since we now know she is, in fact, one of your very own descendants?" he asked. Because truthfully, he had no idea. "I could say she's a granddaughter-" "No, because we need papers for that, birth records." "For heaven's sakes, I'll… I'll adopt her then," "With what records of her prior name and birth, Professor," Snape stated once more. "Oh enough, Severus. I will figure it out!" Minerva huffed. "Now, what exactly is she capable of?" His brow raising at the woman's question he sighed and re-explained what he'd told Albus. "I knew she was good with those, but it's interesting to know she's had her eyes on Quidditch." "Well, she talks to me, Minerva." "Another thing that is interesting..." McGonagall said eyeing the Potions Master. Snape simply rolled his eyes to his Coworker. He had no interest in the woman beside her Goal to keep Potter safe. The boy was all he had left of Lily, but he was displaying his father's attitude! The arrogance of the boy. However, her slight similarities towards Lily still bothered him. Where he could tell them apart, they still held some similar features. Aside from their eyes and hair difference. Aralia sighed as she sat back and relaxed as Albus informed her what she'd not previously been privy too. "So, this year has just started and there have already been a few issues as we speak?" "Yes, I am afraid so. Before the boys found you, they were refused entry at the Station. They stole Mr. Weasley's flying car to get to the school where they proceeded to crash into the Whomping Willow and in the process, found you. However, Mr. Potter has been displaying a few…. Strange occurrences as it is. He is acting not himself. If you are here to safeguard Harry Potter, we should start by watching him carefully. Mrs. Norris was found a few nights ago petrified with a warning written in blood. The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. It is not the first time it's been opened in my lifetime either." Now very curious, Aralia scrunched her brow, "So, that was what the commotion was all about?" "Yes, I am afraid so. You will be moved to your room tonight. Miss. McGonagall, I must ask you to keep your eyes on not only Harry but Mr. Malfoy as well. He is a bright boy. However, I worry about him. In the coming week, I will have you sent with someone to Diagon Alley to gather a wand and, um… Maybe a few clothes. I fear you seem to dress a bit, uh… A bit displayed, my dear. Something with buttons maybe instead of the hooks to keep your gown closed. We don't need it coming undone. Our dress code is different in this historical age." Albus advised her as gentlemanly as possible. Her dress was lovely, however with the gown merely clasped closed by material hooks he feared she'd draw too much attention. He did not wish to have a rumor going around about the lovely woman regarding her dress. Wanting to slightly laugh at his words, Aralia simply nodded. "It's alright Professor, I didn't get dressed properly before we left, and I didn't exactly bring many clothes beside the needed things. Figured I'd have to start dressing the timeline part either way. However, I have to ask… I'm not used to handling a wand, my era refused even half-blood wands half the time. We got used wands and they didn't exactly work for us. So, I may need some… teaching, regarding the proper wand usage." Nodding in understanding Albus smiled, "All in good hands, my dear. You will study with me." No one would guess that Albus now had a new set of plans regarding the safety of Harry Potter. And the very woman who'd come back to keep him safe was his main piece on the chessboard. But for the time being, he'd have to wait. As the weeks moved on Aralia was a new person, Albus had a room set up for her personal use. She'd even gotten a wand, Mr. Ollivander had watched with awe. He knew something about her, something strange, every person he'd ever handed a wand too had been a child. This was a grown woman who never held a good wand in her life. "Great things, I see great things, Madam. That wand has been sitting in this shop ever since it has been opened. And never has it chosen one person, until now." He'd said to her as he stared with wide eyes. Her wand was a 12-inch white oak, slim in hand but comfortable to her grasp. The Wand had etching woodwork around the entirety of it of vines with small flowers and a few designs with what looked as if the flower was losing a few petals. "It's beautiful." "And a rare wand for a rare person indeed. I say for sure that this wand has been waiting for you, my dear lady." Ollivander said with a proud fatherly, smile. She had gotten to know the rest of the staff but found she rather enjoyed walking the halls alone in silence, but it was the stars that captivated her. Even her lessons with Albus were going well. She just needed the practice with a wand that worked for her. "You'll be there in no time my dear. You're an excellent learner." He'd complimented. She had to say, she was glad she came to '92. It gave her the time to practice in bettering herself before things got more serious. She didn't know every little event that would happen. Only that Harry Potter was killed during the Tournament in '95. Everything was different now. However, she was most excited about the Quidditch game she was witnessing for the first time. She was so excited as she sat next to Minerva, she thought she'd never been able to stay in her seat. However, as the game progressed Aralia noticed the Rogue Bludger and pointed it out to Minerva, who instantly became enraged at the game being tampered with, then worried about the students, "Severus, oh Severus do something!" she called, she had no idea what to do, because if she aimed for the little beast she could hit any of the students. "I can't! If I shot out at the blasted thing, I could hit any one of the players!" Severus shouted. He knew the same thing she knew. Aralia was in a panic as she watched from the beam, her grip on the railing of the stands was like death's grip around her beating heart. Paling as they watched Draco fly up and landing onto the ground painfully, "Oh my god! Is he alright!" "Would you sit down and shut up woman!" an irritated blond man shouted as he stood from his seat. Sending him a glare, Aralia opened her mouth to say something, that was until Minerva snapped at him, "Mr. Malfoy! Your son has been injured in this game and you show no worry for him! At least she is concerned!" 'Malfoy? Lucius Malfoy?' "I'm so sorry, but did you just say Malfoy, as in, Lucius Malfoy?" she asked with confusion. Nodding to the irritating woman, Lucius sighed and nodded as he gathered his belongings to leave, "Yes, have a good day. Do care for my son in my absence if your so worried Miss… I'm so sorry, but what is your name again?" he asked with little care. "Miss. Potter, Mr. Malfoy." Albus quickly spoke up, "This is James Potter's cousin." Albus spoke up, standing from his seat. Wanting to ask what he was talking about, Aralia nodded, concealing her confusion and glared at the man as he rolled his eyes and walked away with a "How wonderful, another one." Giving Albus a look of, 'we're talking later,' she turned her attention back to the game. Gasping as she was forced to watch the Bludger shatter his outstretched right arm, then finally falling. Aralia made a dash from the stands and towards the field. Her heart almost stopped as the Bludger started aiming for Harry once more, slamming into the sandy ground trying to crush him, "HARRY!" she shouted with fright as it came back down, her arm waved out, new wand in hand that she hadn't realized she had blown up the Bludger with an added spell from Miss. Granger, both their attacks had caused a small ripple effect through the air and over their heads as everyone ran towards the boy, his arm held to him with wincing pain. Being further from him than the others she had someone else she needed to check on. Malfoy was still on the ground moaning. He was closest to her after all. Kneeling beside the blond boy, Aralia checked him over for any blood, "Are you alright!" "I just got sent flying, woman! How do you think I am?" Draco snapped a bit. But he was shocked she even came to him. Everyone was surrounding Potter. Sitting up he was slightly shocked at Madam Pomfrey and a few others kneeling beside him and lifted him onto the stretcher, "Go to Harry, dear, I'll take Mr. Malfoy to the Hospital Wing… and bring Potter with you." Pomfrey instructed. Nodding, Aralia made a run towards the surrounding group. She became more worried as she arrived at the group as Hagrid scolded Lockhart about no bones being left, and became slightly angry, "What! No bones!? What's he talking about, what happened?!" Aralia was nearly almost having a panic attack. "Mr. Fancy hair 'ere tried his hand at mendin' Harry's arm! That's what' happened!" Hagrid snapped. A glare directed to the DADA Professor. Huffing as he and the other's walked away leaving Aralia shocked and bewildered. "Um... W-well, at least it's not broken any longer." Lockhart laughed gently with some nervousness as he stood from his kneeled position. Taking calming breaths, Aralia calmed herself before leveling a glare at the man, there was no need for her to attack him. Simply scold him and teach him a small lesson. "I will give you some points for attempting to help him, Lockhart. However, if someone is hurt on school grounds they are to be taken to the Hospital Wing, if the school policy is clear to me, and I do believe I have read the school's policy front to back. And since you clearly had no prior knowledge regarding mending a broken bone, granted Neither do I," She admitted, hoping he'd understand that there was nothing wrong with not knowing something, rather than pretending too and getting someone hurt more than what they already were in the process of trying to stroke his fake and rather enlarged ego. But she wasn't done with him yet, "However, I'd have thought you'd have taken the priority of your student above your own pride and taken him to Madam Pomfrey. Who, mind you, is now walking with him and the others to the Hospital wing with Mr. Malfoy on a stretcher, who you, by the way, ran straight past and ignored any possible injury to…" She finished with a huff and ran off after them. Harry was alive at least. He wasn't really in pain anymore since Lockhart's stupidity had actually relieved him of his pain from his broken arm. However, he was now going to likely be in more pain because now Poppy had to 'regrow' the boy's bone's back! But that night was just the beginning of the issues at hand. Aralia took her duty to Harry's safety seriously. She had stayed awake outside of the Hospital wing and found that a house Elf had sent the Bludger, he'd even admitted to ironing his hands for sending the creature after Harry! However, she was startled when the doors burst open and two of the ground's workers rushed in with a medical stretcher, a student laying on it, and from what she saw, he was petrified. Jaw-dropping with worry she rushed after them, "Whatever happened?" "Do you think he's been petrified Madam Pomfrey?" McGonagall asked the Healer. "Maybe he was able to take a picture of his attacker," Aralia said, pointing to the boy's camera. But the reaction that came from Albus was fright upon opening the camera, the smoke that blew up at them had them all in even more fright, "Professor, what's wrong?" "It appears the rumor is true. However, I fear we may have to close the school. Send the students home, the Chamber of Secrets is likely indeed, once again, opened." Albus muttered to them softly. "You must be joking, Dumbledore that Chamber has been lost for centuries." "And yet, it appears that someone has found it and opened it," Dumbledore said. "I think you and I need to have a word, Miss. Potter." Albus said as he walked them out. He hadn't known Harry was in that particular room, least of all awake. However, the idea was now planted, he'd heard Albus Dumbledore call her, Potter. And There was no sleep for him that night. Third Floor Girls bathroom "Are you sure you heard him right Harry?" Hermione asked curiously as she mixed the ingredients as they spoke. "Yes, he called her Miss. Potter. But she looks nothing like my mother. Maybe it's just a coincidence, there's many Potter's out there." Harry sighed. Ron nodded, backing him up, "That's right, but Harry, what if she is related to you?" "Then I'd like to know what's going on." "By the way, why are we brewing this potion, in broad daylight, in the middle of the girl's bathroom?" Ron asked. However, they were not the only ones wondering the very same thing. "That's an excellent question, Mr. Weasley." A woman asked curiously as she leaned against the wall near them, a smirk of interest on her face. She'd startled them as they all shuffled away. "Um, we-we were just, um… I can explain, Professor-" Raising her hand to silence Hermione's stuttering, Aralia couldn't help but bite back her laughter, "I am not a Professor, Miss. Granger. But it is a rather interesting thing to be brewing such a thing. Let me guess, Polyjuice Potion?" she asked, and from the stink of it, she was right. She's used that potion one too many times to not remember the stink of it. "Um, well-well, um." "Simple yes or no will do?" Aralia stated softly. Her eyes danced between the three then finally landed on Harry, "How about you, have an answer?" "I don't know, how about you? I heard Professor Dumbledore call you Potter last night… are you… Are we… are you and I related?" "Now that is an interesting question, but I'll have my answer first, then I'll give you yours," she explained. Setting it in stone that her question had been asked first and would be answered first. Nodding, Harry sighed, "Yes," "Why?" Aralia asked another question, her eyes narrowing at his, though her grin hadn't left her. "My answer first, then I'll give your answer, Professor." Harry clarified. His own green eyes staring her down with equal interest. Her grin widened as she studied him, then the other two. Her eyes darting behind Ron at Myrtle before looking back to Harry. "Yes and No." she answered. "We think Draco Malfoy opened the Chamber of Secrets," Harry answered. Now wanting to laugh, Aralia snickered, "That's impossible. Draco Malfoy has no clue where that chamber is, Mr. Potter. But I wish you luck in figuring it out. Just remember though, you have eyes watching over you. You are a very special boy, Harry Potter. All three of you are special. Don't go making trouble where there is none. Understand?" she spoke softly to them, her bright blue eyes making eye contact with each one of them. "But we've been caught making a potion that we shouldn't be making Professor. Aren't you going to turn us in?" Hermione asked with worry. "Hermione!" both boys scolded. However, she wanted to know if they were going to be expelled! Looking at the young witch, Aralia smiled softly to her, never in her life had she thought she'd have these three fearful of her, "I am not a Professor, Miss. Granger, meaning I have no power, and honestly, I'd have done the very same thing. As I said, best of luck. But be careful. That is not a potion you should mess with and have little care for. Be sure of what you mix in that potion." she offered them some advice. She found it interesting that they continued to call her 'Professor' when she was not one. But she rather liked it. She really should have stopped them, but she knew they wouldn't have listened in the first place. So, there was no point. "Are you my family!" Harry shouted after her. A look of deep hope in his eyes as she turned to look at him, the desperate look in his green eyes had Aralia taking a shaky breath in. "I still figure that much out, Harry." And with that, she left. ** thank you all for reading! Again, please leave reviews, Like I said previously. This is a trial run, this idea continued to rattle around in my head and would not leave me alone. So please, I'd love to hear your thoughts. Especially, if I should probably take it down and give it a little more T.L.C.
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) 10/2019 Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! Chapter 3 Ron and Hermione sighed with a relief of not being expelled. "That was close," Ron sighed, resting back against the beam he'd previously been leaning against. "No kidding, and here I thought no one came in here." Hermione sighed, taking her seat back before the bubbling cauldron with a sigh. "Wait, why's that?" Ron asked, now he was confused because Aralia just found them. And he'd gotten an answer in the form of Moaning Myrtle. But Harry's mind was boggled at Aralia's answers, she was and wasn't related to him at the same time, and she was still apparently trying to figure out if she was or was not his family… He didn't get any answers! Previous Night "You called me Potter, Professor Dumbledore, you know my name is McGonagall," Aralia said sternly. She wanted to know what he was doing because clearly, he had a plan and she was part of it, and she was just now finding out about it. "Mr. Potter is currently living with his Aunt and Uncle. And it is rather… unstable environment." Albus started to explain. "Since Professor McGonagall cannot adopt you, nor claim you as her daughter, I concocted a plan to get Mr. Potter in a safe environment. Since you have not been born to grow with our time and likely have different training regarding survival in your birth time, I am giving you an identity. I find it reasonable to forge papers and records claiming you as James Potter's cousin…. Don't fret, my dear, the paperwork is already finished, as long as you agree to this, it's also another reason why I have not given you official papers. We did not know how to go about this. And with such a clean slate, I saw an opportunity." "Waite, so you want me to pose as James Potter's cousin. Professor-" "Albus, please, I am not your Professor, my dear." "Technically you are since you're still teaching me, Professor. However, I'm just a little curious about this. How do you propose we do this? Not only have I never attended a school, I never took the Official O.W. L's nor my N.E.W.T.'s exams. I've taken the mocks of them." she explained with confusion. Raising a smirking brow, Albus opened a file in front of him and handed her a few papers, "Really? I thought you were a Gryffindor student, born in 1969, attended our school of Hogwarts in 1980 and graduated in third place as the best student, top of your class in 1987 and passed your O.W.L's and N.E.W.T's with flying colors." Reading the papers as she listened to him explain this all to her, she leveled a curious expression to him. He'd done this without her knowledge and her permission. "…You and Snape gave me the tests from 1987… Sneaky, Albus." Taking a deep breath in, Aralia set the papers back into his file and both shared their looks, one of victory, the other, of irritation. "You win, what do you want from me." Gently laughing at her response Albus sat back in his chair as he rummaged through the paperwork for her records, "My dear, I want nothing that you already don't want. The safety of Harry Potter. And you are probably the only other safe place- a healthy, safe place," He quickly corrected himself, "For, Mr. Potter." "Answer me this, Dumbledore, why make me his cousin? Why not his sister?" "Because there were people he grew up with and knew him very well. If we claim that you are his cousin, then many of them will likely follow along with it." Albus explained as he handed her the papers and file for her personal use. "There is a vault now opened in your name, under your new name of course, with money inside to help stabilize you when school ends. Don't think you will be getting Harry's custody so easily, Aralia, the Ministry is thorough. However, I must say, I am probably better, but it will take time. I expect you to get to know your cousin's son, Mss. Potter." and that had been the end of it. Sighing as she entered Snape's classroom with slight annoyance she was in mid-thought and hadn't heard his irritated question. 'I am now a pawn… Not exactly what I was signing up for when I came back in time, but it could be a start….' Clearing his throat rather loudly and irritated, Snape glared at the redhead that simply found it necessary to just waltz into his classroom in the middle of him grading papers. This was his time to be in silence. Hearing someone clearing their throat, Aralia snapped her attention to Snape and glared, "Did you know?" she questioned him and held up the file. Curious as ever, Snape stayed silent, waiting for her to enlighten him as to what she was talking about. Rolling her eyes, she handed him the file and watched him search the documents, "It seems he did it… Truthfully, I thought he'd have done something better than this, however, considering your half-blooded nature I suppose it was either him or be caught in a lie and end up removed from Hogwarts as Headmaster. However, I must say, the title fits you well… Potter." he couldn't help but sneer the name. It was still a bad taste in his mouth he hated it so much! Not taking his words kindly whatsoever, Aralia took a strong intake of air into her burning lungs. Her jaw clenched with anger. "Why didn't you both just talk to me about -" "Look, you came back in time to keep the boy safe. Your clean slate at being, forgive me, a 'nobody' has given Dumbledore what he's needed for years." Snape explained with slight annoyance. He could see her anger burning deep in her blue eyes as they brewed tears, and he knew he was making it worse. Snape couldn't believe this woman. If she was here to protect Harry, then she should be able to take whatever was thrown at her. However, he was not taking into consideration that she had left everything behind in her time to make the past right, to make the future better, that in her making this trip she had, in fact, lost everything. She had nothing left, and in fact, had no one. She had opened herself up to someone she thought may have understood. Where she knew little to nothing of Harry or others in their history of her time, she knew a few things about Snape. He was one of Voldemort's right-hand members, he'd succeed in infiltrating his forces, however, Severus Snape had been uncovered years later and killed. But she also knew he had a history with the Order. And more importantly, he had no one himself. She should have known better. "And what is that, may I ask?" Aralia slightly demanded, her voice cracking with her upset emotions. Albus had done this without her knowledge, without her permission. She felt… violated. Her Identity was being ripped away from her and now she has to pretend to be someone she wasn't. Now she had to lie to a boy who was going to live a life, for the time being, thinking she was his family. What happens if he finds out the truth? Would he hate her? Would he demand to go back to his current guardians? If he had any guardians. Aralia's time was not very informed on Harry's history except that he was the only one who could have killed Voldemort, or likely been their only weapon against him, and when he'd been killed it had all gone downhill from there, and then some. No one in the New Order knew anything about him except how he died. Even Ted Lupin didn't know much about Harry Potter. Worst of all, his journal was now empty, nothing was written inside his pages. His plans, his ideas. Everything she knew she'd need or wanted to keep from her old timeline was gone! More heartbreaking for Aralia was that the photos she had brought to keep as memento's, photos of herself with the other's, from childhood to adulthood, her friends, were also missing. Like it had never existed. None of the photos she had of the previous Order members were with her belongings any longer. Not even Dumbledore's Army was in her possession. And Snape's words were not helping her at all. She was 23 years old. She didn't have the tough spine the New Order had wanted her to have. She may not be someone you want to cross but she was still a soft person. She always felt they had made a mistake in choosing her to be the one to come back in time to stop this. Nesryn would have been more ideal a person or Alphard. Anyone but her! Why did it have to be here!? Annoyed already as he was, Snape stood from his desk and sighed heavily, leveling a glare at her. "I just told you, you are from a future which no longer exists. He needed someone who didn't exist to make his needed moved in getting Potter away from those ridiculous people he lives with. Vile if you ask me. Albus Dumbledore needed a nobody, someone who could pass under the radar and not be seen as a threat. And you showing up just happened to be convenient." Taking in another breath, this one shaky as she fought back her burning tears as she gently took the file from Snape's grasp and closed it softly. He was right though, she didn't truly exist in this time, she was just a body from the future with a name who no longer existed, with memories that were no longer true, nor real. So, why did it matter that Albus had created a fake name for her? With a fake history? "A nobody, so that's who I am? How interesting of a way to put it, Severus, thank you for the enlightenment." she coldly said, taking her to leave as the classroom doors opened and his students began to file in for the afternoon. ** Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter's so far, please leave a review! I do like reading your opinions if you have any! Have a lovely night/day! I know it is short, I am thinking of adding on to it, If I do, I will notify you all in chapter 4 notifications at the top. However, I do like where this short chapter cliffhanger-ed so, for now, I shall remain as is.
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character ocs' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) 10/2019 Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! Chapter 4 She walked as fast as she could, ignoring Minerva as she went, "Aralia? Aralia!" Minerva had called after her fleeing self. She didn't want to be around anyone at the moment. Harry was in classes and his teachers were watching over him, she was not needed at the moment. Walking anywhere she could, she found herself in an empty room in the Dungeons littered with pillars. The Castle was truly designed in a beautiful manner, she didn't want to think of what Voldemort had done to the historical beauty in her now non existing time. But she knew deep down that her time, was now 1992. She was no longer Aralia Minerva Elizabeth McGonagall. Albus Dumbledore had given her a new Identity as Aralia Potter, if she wanted to be technical her new name was Aralia Elizabeth Potter. It was just a name, where everyone may now think of her as James Potter's baby cousin, in her mind, heart and soul, she would always be a McGonagall. Some peace and quiet, that was what she needed for the time being. Dueling Class Aralia spent the next few days helping where she could. Even in the Dueling class, and she had to say, she rather enjoyed dueling with Snape, she even got to knock Lockhart on his butt a couple of times. Fortunately, for Snape, he was a better dueler and had Aralia flying more times than he had. Though he had to say, mostly to himself, that she was rather good for not being raised with her wand. Then again, Albus Dumbledore was a great teacher. Harry and the kids couldn't help but be amazed as they watched the redhead duel their Potions Master. However, when she had grinned at Lockhart and asked if he was up for another challenge the man had paled a few shades and motioned for a pair of volunteers, calling Harry and Ron. Snape had made a snide remark about Ron's broken wand and called Draco to the stage. Aralia had to bite back the urge to make her own snide comment about his rudeness, however, with the trouble Ron's wand had been giving the poor boy, Snape may have been right. However, her heart had nearly stopped when Harry had begun to speak to the viper which Draco had sent at him, even Lockhart and Snape were in disbelief. The display it had put on had many people thinking he was egging on the snake to try to bite one of the other students. Aralia had no idea what to think, she'd never heard of this before. Many of their education in her time had been watered down to the New Order members experience, it was difficult just to do simple research as it was then. So, this, this was new to her in every aspect. Just because she was from 300 years in the future meant nothing, the only person she knew who could speak to snakes was Voldemort himself and his offspring's he drains of life, and they never lived longer than 16 years old, 23 years was the maximum. Everything was changed, nothing was how it would be. Hopefully it was for a better change. But she knew from here on out it was only going to get worse. Her 'education' was worth as much as any witch or wizard today in 1992. She was fine when it came to her education, however, Harry Potter's history and many of those who were involved in the order, all she knew were their names, some of their family members and how they died or the date of their death. She didn't even know who Harry's parents were, at least until she came back in time. Albus had equipped her with the Potter and Evan's family tree. Now she supposed it was time she took the opportunity to learn about his family and those around her. Knowledge may just be the thing that kept her sane. She felt useless at the moment. Worst of all, Aralia felt like a stalker… Sighing as she walked into Minerva's empty classroom, she sat at one of the student's desks at the very front and rested her forehead against the table. A bit curious, Minerva's brow rose as she slightly glanced up from the paper she was currently grading. Silently sighing herself, Minerva placed her quill pen down and folded her hands atop her desk, "What is wrong?" she asked softly, giving the redhead all her attention. Sitting up from her lazy rested position, Aralia looked at her ancestor, "I'm a 23-year-old stalker to a 12-year-old, Grandmother. I feel rude, useless and gross… I'd rather babysit. Not to mention I'm technically a nobody with a clean slate that Dumbledore felt he could use as a new pawn." "Aralia, you are my descendant! You are not a nobody. Who on earth would have given you such an idea!" Minerva snapped slightly. "Severus," "Oh really, and why did he feel the need to say such a thing?" "Because I may have been a bit of a cry baby when Albus gave me my new and official Identity. Apparently, I am now James Potter's cousin…I'm still trying to find my feet here, I don't know what the heck I'm doing. And your busy and I really don't want to be annoying… but I ended up being a pain in the ass anyways." she stated, until her confusion set in. Minerva sounded surprised. Scrunching her brow. "Wait, didn't you know Albus did that Identity switch?" Almost sputtering with disbelief Minerva stood from her seat, "No, I certainly do not know this! He changed your name?" "Yes, because technically I don't really exist so to give me an identity, he figured to use me as a way to get Harry out of his Aunt and Uncle's home, which by the way I'm beginning to see why." Aralia admitted, standing from her seat. "I really shouldn't complain, and I'm sorry that I am. But I'm alone here, I barely know anyone, and I haven't been productive in almost two months. Harry's had a hell of a time as it is, the last thing he needs is me peeking around every corner. Don't worry, I still have eyes on him." she sighed, waving her hand off at the subject. Curious as to how the young woman could have eyes still on the boy if she were in front of her was intriguing as it comes, "Oh? How so?" Smiling wide with pride, she looked to the ceiling in thought before she glanced back to her ancestor, "Hedwig, she is a talker." "H-Hedwig? Potter's Owl?" "Of course, I'm an Animagus, remember." she reminded Minerva. "But how are you getting into the boy's section of the dorm rooms?" she was shocked and confused. Only herself or one of the Professors could get into the Dorm rooms like that. With Aralia being non-staff, she shouldn't have even been allowed into the Common rooms! Aralia saw Minerva's shock, and she had to say, she felt rather over-estimated, it kind of felt good. But she wasn't that good. Almost laughing at Minerva's shock Aralia nodded in understanding. "Harry doesn't lock her cage, she comes to me. But I have a feeling she's been keeping more from me than I already believe." She wasn't going to lie about it, she knew Hedwig was keeping something from her. but the dang Owl wasn't fessing up! "Oh, Really. Like perhaps that Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley and Mss. Granger brewed a Polyjuice potion and now Mss. Granger is in the Hospital? I'd think she is in fact keeping much more from you than you think, Aralia!" McGonagall scolded. Completely confused, not to mention shocked, Aralia tried to not be so surprised, she should have known better. If she'd have done it, then they'd have definitely been likely to do it fifty times more than herself… And that said a lot about herself. More so for them. "She's what?" Holiday break As the days turned into weeks and fall turned to Winter, Aralia noticed that Hagrid was acting jumpy, and why shouldn't he? According to Minerva, he was previously accused of being the one who opened the chamber in the first place, worst of all his creature was accused of killing a girl almost 50 years ago when he attended Hogwarts as a student. There were so many things that she was learning about these people, how things used to be run, how beautiful the world had once been. It could have been the coldest day on the snowiest of the year and she was still sitting out in the courtyard enjoying the beauty of Hogwarts. How it used to be, how it should have been, how it should have stayed. Where kids came to learn, to control their magic, to make friends and have a childhood. This world was peaceful. Her world was dark and terrifying. Looking around every turn just to see if you'd run into a Snatcher, Reaper, or one of Voldemort's Death Eaters were just waiting for you, and the later were the last you ever wanted to run into. She still had the scar from the Werewolf that had attacked her. However, he had become enraged when his virus had no effect on her at all. From her understanding he'd hunted her down just to attack her again, unfortunately, she had not been alone that time around. She'd been with Mavrix, a sixteen-year-old boy. She had just achieved her Animagus form three weeks prior the first attack and had not been infected, for that, she was grateful. Unfortunately, Mavrix had not been so lucky. The boy had been nearly torn to shreds and he still lived. Sadly, he had begun begging them to kill him. A memory that would leave a scar on her heart. They had no means of getting the ingredients for the Wolfsbane, besides the one they had set aside for Remus when she'd travel back. Worst of all, Mavrix had barely made it through his first transformation. The poor boy hadn't the tolerance for the pain, then again, who did? The memory still made her shiver with dread. Aside from her brother, that werewolf was the second being that could get such a reaction from her, if she didn't include Snape's cold glare. She remembered begging the New Order Elder's to give Mavrix the only bottle of Wolfsbane they had, but they had quickly shot her down, 'reminding' her that she'd be needing that for when she traveled back in time, that they couldn't 'waist' it. Even against Aralia's begging them to give him the potion they had refused and locked her in her room. Telling her it was the only one they had and if they used the last one Teddy Lupin had ever made it would not help her in the past to reshape the future for the better. She remembered them ordering Alphrad to put the boy out of his misery that night, and he'd spent the next two weeks curled up in her arms or one of his sister's just to have a peaceful night's sleep from the memory. Sighing with a shiver at the horrible memory her ears caught the soft, crunching sounds of feet and turned to see what was going on. Her face fell farther when her eyes found none other than Severus Snape. Someone she had been avoiding and sparing only short, small talk, situations between them. She'd been civil in their conversations, but his words to her weeks before was still rattling in her mind. "Can I help you, Professor." "I wanted to apologize," He started, clasping his hands in front of him, his eyes darting to the large fountain she'd previously been sitting on and gestured to it kindly with a raised brow, "Shall we talk?" he asked, waiting for her to retake her seat she had stood from. Taking a breath as he watched her sit, Severus took a seat next to her. "I should have been more careful with my words. It's not that you are a 'nobody' Aralia. It is the challenge that you are not from this time. And being so, Dumbledore took the opportunity to give you an identity that would not specifically raise brows. Had he let you keep your maiden name the Ministry may have noticed something strange and they'd have intervened. Potter is not in a healthy environment. However, he is safe there due to his Aunt and Uncle being Muggles." Snape tried explaining. "I understand why he did its Severus. I read Harry's file. I read James's file. I even found the file on Lily Potter, maiden name Evans. It also had their pictures. And do you know what I noticed Severus?" Curious as to what she was now talking about, Severus softly shook his head. He knew where she was going with this, and he hated that she'd figured it out. "I looked in a mirror for the first time that was longer than two minutes. And that was when I was looking at Lily's school pictures. Her seventh year, it was like I was looking at my reflection, minus our eyes and hair difference." she'd said it. She'd finally said what had also been bothering her mind the last few hours. Handing two files over to Severus she watched as he opened them, the two pictures that he studied were so similar, one was just older. The names, however, did grasp the majority of his attention, "Elizabeth April McGonagall and... Lily Evans. How did you get these?" Snape questioned as he stared at Lily's seventh year photo. "I asked Albus for them… They both look alike. Light red hair, smooth skin, joyful eyes, the only differences are that Lily had green eyes and Elizabeth had brown eyes and freckles across her nose and cheeks. Their difference to me, Sev? Is that they had friends until they died. They grew up loved and admired. I have nothing. I'm a shadow to these two. They were likely far more mature than me. I know I'm from a hostile environment, however, believe it or not, I'm still very naive, I don't have the backbone I should have had. And everyone I loved and cared about no longer exist. All my belongings that I came with, even the Potion, is gone. Don't ask me where my belongings have gone because I don't know. No one has stolen them. I'd have been able to find them. But I'm curious, when you snapped at me, were you irritated that I was getting annoying? Which I completely understand, and I'm sorry about that. I don't mean to be annoying, or a cry baby." she clarified softly, her eyes studying Severus as he continued to stare at the photo of Lily Evans with the help of what light was left from the setting sun, "Or were you upset that I looked a little too similar to her?" His silence and the deep intake of breath he took as she waited for his answer was in fact all the answer she needed. He wasn't angry, he wasn't hostile, he was sad. "What happened?" "She chose him, they had Potter and now their dead." he explained simply, handing the files back to her gently. He didn't want to look at them any longer, especially not Lily's. Feeling terrible she was going to ask, but her curiosity was terrible. It was one of her worst weaknesses. "...How?" "Being from the future Aralia, don't you already know that." Shaking her head gently, Aralia instantly regretted asking him, "I'm sorry, but I don't. Our history is slim to none to outside hands, every record of whoever stood against him was destroyed. I'm sorry, please, don't- don't answer, Severus-" "Voldemort. He stormed their safe house, their secret Keeper turned them over to him and the Dark Lord killed them all. Potter was the only survivor. The Keeper ran, one of James's friends went in search of him and he was killed. A finger was the only thing left of him. The keeper was rendered unconscious and he was captured that way." Dumbstruck that their own keeper had betrayed them Aralia couldn't contain her next nagging question, "Who was their keeper?" Knowing her curiosity was strong, Severus gave her the answers willingly. "... Sirius Black." She was too easy to talk to... Just like her. But where she and Lily may have looked alike, he knew they were not the same person. He'd loved Lily, and he still did, there would be no one else. Aralia had grown up in a hostile environment and she somehow still turned out to be a sweet, soft hearted and kind person. She had a backbone buried deep down. It was just going to take some time for her to regain herself after her trip. Not to mention the solid knock she took to her head was going to alter a few things to her personality. She was watching the boy from afar, like she was afraid of getting close to him. "Why did they pick you for this?" Snape suddenly asked. It had been a question that had been bothering him for some time. "I don't know, maybe because I was just available. I was the only child born that year to the Order. And since then. He had a strict fertile control. So many children per home and family. The muggles were nearly wiped out to support the growing numbers of witches and wizards, however, having children has become difficult enough for my time. Everyone is just about related. Procreation isn't exactly like how it is here... I had just been born and they were trying to figure out another plan of attack, then Teddy's plan suddenly became a huge topic. The Elders made the choice. My mother didn't want me to have anything to do with it. Truthfully, I know I wasn't strong enough for that world. I'm soft, I trust too easily and those two already are deadly. I have a backbone, but not a strong enough one. I have a temper and that is all that I have going for me." "... You're avoiding Potter, why?" He stated. Not like it was a big secret though. However, his question did surprise her a little. It was a good question, and she didn't truly know, however, she had a few assumptions. Looking away from him she shivered a bit, now feeling the cold chill of the winter air. But she knew it wasn't the cold weather, it was his question. "I guess because I'm afraid. I want this to be real, I want this to work. But what if me being here is what causes my time to occur? What if I mess up? And I know I will, I always mess up… Maybe I don't really know, Sev...Just because I'm from the future doesn't mean I'm all knowing. I'm good at the book work and I can fight, I can defend myself, but I think Dumbledore and the New Order overestimated what I could do. However, I hate to say it, even they started to lose faith in me. Like I said, I'm a mess up." the words left her like a whisper. "Aralia, you came back to stop his death, if you don't pull at least a bit of yourself back together, into the person you'll need to be, you'll never be able to help him. No one is perfect, not even me, not Dumbledore, and not the Dark Lord. Falling is a part of life but right now there is a boy out there, on these very grounds who needs you to watch over him. And if he doesn't even have you, Aralia, then who does he have to save him?" Severus softly spoke, offering some advice, some gentle, but good advice. She was shocked. He'd gone from complete jerk to the wise man you'd want to talk to again. Unfortunately, she had a feeling she wouldn't see this part of him very often. Looking at his offered hand as he stood, she raised a brow of curiosity. "I see you shivering, and it is snowing out here, I believe a cup of hot chocolate and a warm fireplace in the Great Hall would be a good start." Severus was slightly relieved when she took his offered hand. Helping her up from her seat and waited as she grabbed the files they walked into the Great Hall where he left her with some Hot chocolate that had been left there for those who were still at the school for the Holiday's. Aralia had sat there for a while in silence until the sound of soft padding feet stopped near her. Drawing her attention to the person the little feet belonged to, she found Harry Potter, staring at her with curiosity and a look of determination. She had avoided him long enough. It was time she really started to do her job. "I know why your here, Harry… And I think we should finally have that talk. I'm so sorry it took me this long to actually do this. You deserved better from me." she softly spoke. A sad and shameful expression over taking her naturally pale, sweet face. Stunned at her, Harry continued to watch her closely. He'd just gotten out of detention with Ron and visiting Hermione, she was still turning back into her human likeness, he couldn't believe she'd grabbed cat hair instead of the girl's hair she was supposed to have grabbed. He still remembered her reaction as she'd cried; "I took every precaution! Did she know I'd grab cat hair? She had to of known!" He and Ron had slightly giggled at her panic, but they couldn't fix this, they were forced to take her to Madam Pomfrey. And only after minutes of that, Professor McGonagall had rushed in with Snape to reclaim the clothes that had suddenly gone missing and they had all three gotten detentions. Hermione was restricted to the Hospital Wing to heal up and he and Ron had been told to polish the Trophies, again. "So, we are related then?" he asked softly. Taking in a deep breath, her stomach began to knot, Aralia let the deep intake of breath out with a nervousness she never thought she'd ever experienced. She hated lying. But Dumbledore said it would help get him in a safer, healthier, environment. "...Yes." and here, her first lie to Harry James Potter began the biggest lie she'd ever live with. "I'm… I'm James's cousin...I never knew him, at all actually." okay, so maybe it wasn't a bigger lie than she thought, but it was still a lie! "Why was I given to my Aunt and Uncle? Why couldn't they have given me to you?" Harry asked, his eyes slightly darting to the seat next to her. If she was his family, he not only wanted answers, he wanted to know her. It was an empty ache in him he had the biggest desire to fill. Seeing his eyes diverting to the empty spot next to her, Aralia smiled softly at him and patted the empty spot, a silent invite. She was shocked at how fast he sat next to her, more so at how close he'd willing sat himself with his hands clasped together and twiddling with his thumbs as he looked up at her, waiting for her to continue. She was going to have to improvise a little, with little enough detail. She didn't want everything to be a lie to him. "I was too young, and my own parents were dead. I had no means to care for you. But they also told me you'd be safer with them for a while, that those who may still be looking for you wouldn't have thought twice at looking for you there... I never knew your father or mother, Harry. And I know I'm supposed to be the one to tell you it would be alright, that everything will get better, but I have no idea what I'm doing. But I hope I can try to make this better for you." She said. Her words were soft and filled with hope, hope he'd believe her, hoping that this would work and hoped that he'd forgive her. But as she thought about what she'd just told him, she realized that less than half of that was even considered a lie. The only lie in her words so far was that she was James's cousin. Everything else was one-hundred percent true. She had no idea what she was doing, and she wanted his future to be better, she wanted him to live. Harry thought about what she'd said. It hadn't been a lot, but it was enough. Looking into the fireplace as it roared, warming the Great Hall from the cold winter. Sighing a bit heavily, Harry looked back up to her, her blue eyes shining with hope and the fire's light dancing off her dark red hair, "But you want to try, right?" "Yes," She answered, nodding with a smile of excitement. "Can I spend the day with you tomorrow?" he asked. But her smile was all he needed as an answer. He was just a kid after all. Smiling happily himself Harry did something he'd been wanting to do for years to someone he called family. Wrapping his arms around her, Harry hugged Aralia tightly and held back as much of his happy tears as he could. A bit stunned, Aralia slowly wrapped her own arms around the boy. This was not why she had come back in time, she was supposed to help, yes, but this was not how she imagined she'd be helping. She had planned on sharing Teddy's Journal with his ideas and plans on how to get rid of Voldemort before he could even get a foot out of the grave he was currently heading in, but everything was gone. But this, this moment filled an empty void in Aralia's heart she hadn't thought would ever have the chance to heal. Unable to make herself release Harry, she lightly tightened her arms around him and gently placed a kiss atop his head. He had been a boy who may not have truly been alone but felt alone. She had been alone upon leaving her time, letting everything she knew vanish to come back in time to stop something that never should have happened. But instead of her saving Harry in this year of trouble, she had a feeling he may not realize that he had in fact just saved her. In accepting this lie from her that he didn't know was a lie, Harry had saved what little will and determination Aralia had left in herself that she believed in. Because since her arrival she had made more mistakes and began to fear being the cause of her own future's ruin she had, yes, followed the boy and his friends around to make sure they hadn't gotten into trouble, but she had also failed in that, because she had no idea they had even gone through with the Polyjuice Potion. Truth be told she'd have done it, but she had assumed that after her little warning the three of them would have thought a third time about not doing it! She truly was a screw up… Feeling slightly more like the failure she knew she was, Snape's sudden words from early began to rattle through her mind, they had somewhat comforted her, but not enough to feel entirely better about her stupidity and cowardness. She wouldn't make the same mistake a second time. 'I can do this… No one is perfect, just like Severus said… but I can do this…. I can help fix this...' "Thank you, Harry." "For what?" "Giving me a chance." As of tonight, Aralia was going to pulled back on being her plushy, soft spoken sweet natured, board self. She was going to stop running and start swinging back at her worries and fears that she knew were going to continue to plague her. She had to become the nightmare to her nightmares and that of future troubles. She had a goal and she had a mission. And she would see it through to the end. **Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed. I know it jumps, probably out of event order, I apologize! Either way, Reviews are welcome, I'd love to hear your opinion. Yes, she seems like a plushie push over and a scared-y-cat and probably should have gotten over the whole ordeal quite a while ago, trust me she would have had I thought as I typed. But hey, at least she's developing. Again, if it's not as good as my previous Harry Potter Fanfiction I apologies, I did warn you that I may have been out of order myself, but I'm trying to get myself back into the groove. This was not how I imagined the story to go, it was moving slowly and since Harry's second year is my worst year to read, watch and type I figured to get it out of the way. So yes, Harry's second year is going to start flying by. I did not realize how… Crazy, I was making it that it was just starting to run on in an endless annoyance. So, for that, I once again apologize! Thank you, have a wonderful night/day!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) 10/2019 Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! Chapter 5 My first review has been posted! Yay! Thank you! and yes, I know it looks like that;) However, I have a plan for that. Thank you for the review, it was nice to see that you caught that! That was the point, lmao. Albus watched from his office window at the three running outside, laughing and enjoying the winter holiday. A friendly snowball fight, Ron and Harry verses Aralia, and in the mix of it all they had incorporated Draco, all because Aralia had purposely got him with a snowball, apologized then challenged him to win, "Who could get hit with the most snowballs before we get tired." And from the looks of it all, as it carried on day end and day out for four days of their break, it looked as if Aralia was losing the game, but it didn't look as if she much cared if she lost. She was enjoying herself, so were the three boys. Albus would have to say the twenty-three-year-old woman probably hadn't laughed this much, or had this much fun, in years. And during them, all having fun, Ron, Harry, and Draco hadn't thought once about the rivalry. They were having fun and they were getting along. That was until Lucius Malfoy showed up, a searing glare at his son before leveling the redhead with a vicious sneer. His blue eyes filled with poison. "Draco… Come." The three children shared a confused expression before Draco glanced back to his father, he was confused. "But I thought I was staying for the Holiday?" He asked. "Not any longer… I will not have my son associating with the likes of them. Now, Draco!" Lucius scolded. "But I want to stay. I missed the train, it's only fair I stay the Holidays as we had all previously planned. Why change the plans now?" Draco slightly argued back. "I am your father, boy, you will return to your Dorm room and pack your things at once!" Ron and Harry had taken their places next to Aralia, they could do nothing, and really, they didn't know what to do even if they could. And neither did Aralia. Draco was not her son. She could not argue for him to stay. Lucius was his father and had come personally to collect his son. However, the blonde storming their way had caught her attention. "I thought I'd find you here, Lucius Malfoy!" A woman shouted after him. And he didn't seem in the least bit happy to have her there. "Narcissa, I thought I told you to stay at the INN." He grumbled with a huff. Her stern blue eyes glared at her husband with disappointment. "Don't you dare take that tone with me! We had plans and now you change them, Draco perfectly understood the plans for this Holiday, we've had this planned since last year! You bailed on our lunch, left me sitting in the restaurant waiting for you and here I find you ruining our son's holiday! And from what I saw just before you stormed across the field, was our son actually having fun for the first time in quite some time!" Narcissa shouted at him. "Now, we are going back to the INN, having our holiday and we will have a makeup Christmas next year on New Year's for Draco…. Now march it." Aralia stared wide-eyed at the couple. Mostly Narcissa, she was angry, pissed off really. Aralia's slight fright had turned into shock when Lucius huffed and began to silently grumble to himself as he marched back up towards the school. Now he had to go back into Albus's office to leave because he'd used the Professor's Floo network to get into the school. And he'd likely also be getting a good scolding from the Headmaster. Turning her attention from her husband's retreating form, Narcissa took a moment to calm herself down before looking to her son's wide-eyed expression, but he wasn't the only wide eyes present that had witnessed that. All four of them, the redhead, likely a Weasley, Potter, and the redheaded woman who spiked her immediate interest. "You're new, I've never seen you here before on my previous visits to Hogwarts." A bit shocked the Malfoy mother was speaking to her, Aralia's wide eyes hadn't deflated at all as she nodded. "You're right, I am new. Um… Is… Is everything alright?" She asked curiously. The woman seemed to not only be deflating from her irritation at her husband, but she also looked emotionally hurt. "Yes, I'll be fine as soon as the Holidays can return to how they were meant to be…" Holding her arms open for her son, "Draco, sweetheart, give your mother a hug." Narcissa said, and he had complied entirely. "I love you, darling," "Love you too mum." "Now, enjoy Christmas, gifts are on their way for you." She said, ignoring the others and placed a kiss to her son's forehead. Looking back to the redhead, Narcissa nodded, "Narcissa Malfoy by the way." She introduced herself, holding a handout for the woman. Smiling, and her expression returning to normal, Aralia accepted her gloved hand and both women shook hands, "Aralia Potter." Aralia introduced herself. However, she saw the confusion and slightly suspicious look Narcissa gave her, Aralia instantly became worried. "Potter?" Narcissa asked curiously. Her blue eyes glancing towards Harry with wonder, "James never had a sister." She stated with some suspicion. And she had every right to be. Shaking her head at Narcissa's statement she agreed with her, then corrected her previous words, "No, I'm his cousin, I didn't attend Hogwarts until 1980." Still slightly curious, Narcissa nodded, a calculating smile on her face as their eyes continued to stare into one another's. "Ah, well then that would explain why I never knew you. I didn't know the Marauders very well either. My condolences. However, may I ask why their son was given to Muggles' instead of anyone else in the family?" She asked. Narcissa was testing Aralia. And the redhead had quickly figured that out. "My parents died before I graduated, I was too young and other than myself, I was told that Petunia and her husband were the safest places for him," Aralia explained. Unable to argue that, Narcissa calmed her nerves and nodded. "Of course, apologies. Well, Happy Holidays, Aralia. Watch over Draco in my absence?" She asked a smile on her face and a playful shine in her eyes. Nodding with an inviting smile she looked from Narcissa to Draco then back to the mother, "Any time you need, Mrs. Malfoy." "Please, call me Narcissa." Taking a breath, she leveled a look to Harry and Ron, "Potter, Weasley." Their backs instantly straightened with slight intimidation. Watching as her brow rose in curiosity at their behavior, then again, she had sounded a bit stern. "Happy Holidays. Goodbye Draco, I will pick you up at the train station at the end of the year, I expect letters young man, I haven't gotten one in weeks." Narcissa stated slightly with a stern stare at her son then walked after her now disappeared husband. "That's your mother?" Harry asked. Nodding, Draco sighed. His parents were always intense. Draco loved them, but he always felt like he was holding his breath when he was with them. "Yeah…" Suddenly curious at Harry's question and curiosity, Draco gave the boy a strange look, "Why?" "She's beautiful is all I meant by it," Harry said with a shrug. This had Draco smiling calmly as he looked back at his mother's retreating figure. "Yeah, she is. But she can be scary sometimes." He admitted. "Well, how does lunch sound boys? Maybe we can take something to Hermione." Aralia offered. Harry and Ron instantly agreed. Unfortunately, Draco's smile had faltered, "I think I'll pass." "Why?" Harry asked. And he had to say, he felt somewhat dim afterward. Hermione was Muggle-born, and Draco had been crueler to her than he had to him and Ron. Seeing his fallen shoulders and now down mood, Aralia had started to open her mouth to say something, but Ron had beat her to it. "Draco, if you don't try to start making up for everything, beginning with her, you'll never truly be okay with anything. In the last four days, you've been the happiest person I've actually seen." Ron spoke up. "He's right Draco. Why don't you come with us to see her, maybe be the one to offer her the food we take." Aralia finally got a word in, but Ron was right. If Draco didn't start with Hermione, he'd never truly been able to be happy being around them. She felt success in the situation when Draco sighed as he gently kicked the snow around his feet with small nods here and there, "Alright…" Ron and Harry had to say they'd been surprised the first two days when Aralia had got Draco involved in their first snowball fight, even more so the second day when Draco had willingly jumped in himself. Granted he'd been his usual arrogant self and being rude, but he'd only been playfully rude. And the two boys had noticed it and never took his rudeness to heart, however, they would admit that it had taken them a while to figure it out. The third and fourth day they had all started the snowball fight themselves, snuck up on Aralia and had ambushed the woman. Hermione had been shocked, never believing a single word the boys told her. But at Aralia's visits, Hermione had brought up the subject thinking the boys were messing with her and Aralia had explained it all. Now Hermione just had to wait to see if Malfoy would treat her the same or if he'd try to mend what he'd broken before it had the slightest chance of being built in the first place their first year. And it had come in the form of Aralia and her two friends walking in with Draco carrying a small plate of food for her. She watched as he'd set the plate of food on her bed's table at the foot of her bed, moving the table for her to reach and smiled a little, "Thank you," Hermione said, she was a little skeptical, but she was hungry. Nibbling here and there at the plate of food the four of them talked, catching them all up on things. This was where Aralia would leave them, they didn't need her to be a mother hen, "See you kids at Supper?" "Yes ma'am," The three boys called after her, "Bye Aralia!" Hermione called after the retreating woman. This was their chance. Becoming serious Hermione sighed and looked between Harry and Ron, "Okay, so I asked Neville to go to the library for me, and he hasn't found anything." "Of course not, it's Neville, Hermione." Ron snickered out. But his laughter was cut short by Hermione's leveled glare. Clearing his throat Ron stopped his laughter, "Sorry." Laughing to himself, Draco glanced back to Hermione with some curiosity, "What did you have him looking for?" Draco asked curiously. However, at Hermione's opened mouth and glancing at the two boys Draco raised a brow, she had nothing to say? Seriously? "I already know you thought I was the Heir of Slytherin, I'm flattered, but it's not me. The Chamber of Secrets has been lost. It was supposed to be in Slytherin's office, then it was said to be deep in the Dungeons of Slytherin's Common room, none of that is true, trust me, I've actually looked." He admitted a bit embarrassed. "Oh, well then. I had Neville look for a book on Slytherin, about the Founder himself." "You won't find much. He left the school before any of them even had their biographies done as a first edition, his section is barely filled in like the others. Their second Volume the Founders do talk about Slytherin, unfortunately, nothing is in his words." Draco stated. "Really? There are two volumes?" Hermione asked curiously. Nodding, Draco smiled, "I borrowed it from Professor Snape, I just finished it, if you'd like to borrow it you can. There isn't much in there about Slytherin himself, but they do speak of him." Draco stated again. Hermione was stunned as she blinked at him. "Um, yes, I would actually be interested in it. But won't Professor Snape be upset? I mean it is his book after all?" He asked. Shaking his head Draco shrugged, "I'll ask for an extension. Tell him there were a few things in there that I didn't quite understand and wanted to re-read it, which isn't actually a lie." He admitted, a small blush on his cheeks. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was told Mss. Potter was here." Lockhart spoke from behind them, a slightly confused expression on his face as he looked at the four students. However, he became confused at seeing Draco with them, "Mr. Malfoy, I hope you aren't here to cause them any trouble." He asked a bit sternly. Though, their collective scrunched brows at him had him left for a loop or so. "No? alright then, carry on. Ah, Potter, have you any idea where your cousin is?" "No, not a clue." He spoke up, even if it was not a lie, but he wouldn't have told him in the first place. Nodding to the boy, Lockhart sighed, "Alright, have a lovely day," And with that, Lockhart was off. His brow still scrunched, Draco glanced at Harry in wonder, "Is he stalking Aralia, Potter? That's the fifth time in three days he's come around asking where she was." "He probably is." "No wonder she stays near Snape or Professor McGonagall," Draco mumbled. Now, this got their attention. "Snape? What about Snape?" Ron asked. Confused still, Draco wasn't understanding their question, "I'm lost, what's with the faces?" Draco asked. "She's hanging around Professor Snape?" Harry asked with worry. Now Draco was really confused, why did it matter? Nodding at them Draco shrugged a little, "Why does it matter?" "We just don't trust him is all." Ron said carefully, "Last year he was really suspicious." "For a moment I thought it was because he was a Slytherin." Draco sighed with relief, "But if it makes you feel better, he is a bit quiet. But that's just some of us Slytherin's. He's a tough person, definitely a tough teacher, but that's what makes him a brilliant Potions Master." Draco spoke up for Snape with ease. "Have to remember also Harry, last year it turned out to be someone else that was after the Stone. Snape could just be her friend. She has every right to be friends with someone, anyone." Hermione said. Draco was right. But it also seemed Harry and Ron were forgetting that Professor Quirrell had been the culprit, not Snape as they had thought. And she had set his cloak on fire. From then on, Draco had brought Hermione her homework and some books, he'd been shocked when she'd finished the second volume to the Hogwarts's Founder's Biography. Something the two seemed to have a vast conversation on. Things Draco hadn't quite understood, things they disagreed on and things they did agree on. However, when it had come to the blood status of the students who'd attend, Draco and Hermione were easy on the subject. "I was raised that way though, but you're the smartest Witch in our year and you weren't raised in the Wizarding world… Maybe our Philosophy of the opinion is wrong. Especially after I found some research on Obscurus…. If we had Muggle-borns' suppressing their magical abilities like that because they couldn't go to a school to learn about them, to hone their skills and learn to use them properly, then we really could be exposed." Draco admitted softly, he didn't dare to look at Hermione as he'd said it, but it was true. But had Draco Malfoy had the courage to look at the girl he'd have seen her growing smile? February The month after the Holiday's Draco had noticed Crabbe and Goyle's sudden change towards him. His letters to his mother had consisted of Harry, Ron, and Hermione, telling her she was brilliant in her young years. Where Narcissa may not have liked the idea of Draco being friends with a muggle-born, she was not going to tell him otherwise. He was happy and he was her only child. And his happiness was her heart's beating goal. However, this particular day was rather annoying. Harry had been jumped by a singing Dwarf singing a Valentine's to him, as had many others. But this moment was actually quite funny. Sitting next to Hermione in Potions they were startled from their lesson by Aralia rushing in and slamming the door closed just before a Dwarf could catch her. Snape's brow rose with an assumption and slight curiosity about why she had run into his classroom. Panting with slight exhaustion Aralia rested against the door, "Don't mind me, just trying to keep what's left of my dignity. Mind if I join you for a moment?" She asked, the Dwarf's song half muted on the other end of the door. Shaking his head, Snape tapped a table next to him. He almost grinned at the look she gave him, "There are no chairs and my desk and chair belong to me," "Very well. Table it is." She poked back. But before he could respond Aralia shifted before the students int her Snow-white, blue-eyed, Fox. "WHOA!" The students shouted with delight. They were amazed at her transformation. They'd only ever seen McGonagall Transform like that! Watching as she trotted along on her little legs and tiny paws, they noticed how small she was. However, her tail was longer than her body! "H-how-how did she do that?" Harry asked as he watched her fox self-jump up onto the table with grace and ease and sat, her long tail wrapping around her paws almost two times. "She is what we call an Animagus, Potter, but this is not Defense against the Dark Arts, nor is it Care of Magical Creatures. Back to the lesson." Snape stated with annoyance and proceeded on with the afternoon's lesson plan. May 8th, 1993 Aralia was in the Library reading that afternoon, after all the attacks she figured it was not safe to leave Hermione alone. While Harry and the others were at the Quidditch game, not to mention Hagrid and the other Professors attending the game were watching the students there, Aralia had decided she'd go with Hermione to make sure she was alright. While Hermione was rambling on about how ridiculous Harry and Ron were being, even Draco! Thinking that Hagrid was, in fact, the one to open the Chamber fifty years ago and that it was completely absurd! "Well, you're right Hermione, it's completely ridiculous, but until there is proof -" "I found it!" Hermione shouted with delight and rushed around the bookshelf to Aralia. "SHUSH! Silence in the library, Granger!" The Librarian scolded. Hermione softly apologized as the woman walked away leaving the two witches alone. Reading the passage in the book she'd found, they started to discuss it. "Hermione, if it is this thing then we would have seen it." "Then how could it be getting around?" She asked. An idea struck them both, "The pipes," "Of course, the school was built ages ago, the plumbing is going to be huge." Hermione smiled. They'd figured it out. The sudden sound of the floor creaking around the bookshelf startled them, but no one was there. They were alone in the Library, aside from one other student and the Librarian. But no one was near them at this time, the Librarian had done her rounds on this side. Suspicious, Aralia rested a hand on the girls' shoulder, "Your mirror, Hermione. Get it out, make notes, tear the paper from your book and keep it on you." "What? But this is -" "Just do it, I don't think that's a friend that's near us." Aralia softly whispered to the second year. Her last desire was to scare her, but the small hairs on Aralia's skin were standing on end, worst of all, she had that nasty shiver running down her spine. Frightened, Hermione quickly did as asked and ripped the page from the book, setting it onto the bookshelf in front of her in a random place and began to write quick notes down as Aralia rounded the corner to see what, or who was near them. Unfortunately, she'd found the only other student in the library petrified on the floor. Turning to warn Hermione her bright blue eyes only found a flash of light. And it was lights out. ** Thank you for reading I hope you enjoyed reading the chapter(s)! have a wonderful night/Day!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being apart of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10/2019 Chapter 6 McGonagall rushed to the Hospital Wing as fast as she could, the news she had gotten was terrifying, two more students, not to mention Aralia was a victim! "What happened!" she shouted. "We don't know. Only that they were found in the library. Mss. Granger had this Mirror in her grasp." Snape gently explained to her. "Quidditch is canceled, McGonagall, gather Mr. Weasley and Mr. Potter. Maybe the Mirror means something, they may know." Albus sighed before walking out and back to his Tower. Minerva walked to the Gryffindor tent while Madam Hooch handled the other team and the announcements. "This match has been canceled," she stated. The players gave her a confused expression. However, Oliver Wood was more vocal, "You can't cancel Quidditch, Professor." Leveling a stern and already upset glare to the young Wizard, "Silence Wood, you and your team shall make your way back to Gryffindor Tower, now. Except you, Potter, you and I must find Mr. Weasley." Upon rushing into the Hospital Wing Minerva warned the two boys with worry. "Granger was found near the Library, I'm sorry Potter, but Aralia was found inside the Library beside Mss. Clearwater," she said. Lifting Hermione's Mirror from the side table she showed it to the boys, "She was found with this in her possession, does this mean anything to you two?" she asked gently. Shaking their heads as they stared between Hermione's petrified body and that of Aralia, the boys took their seats between the two Witches. "No, nothing," Harry said sadly. It made no sense. Aralia wasn't muggle-born. "Why was Aralia attacked, she's not a muggle-born?" "Likely because she stood between the attacker and Granger," Minerva explained. Her eyes drifting to Aralia and her eyes softened with dread. She had to leave, she couldn't look at the woman like this. "Come, you need to return to Gryffindor Tower, the both of you. I must make an announcement," she stated and ushered the two boys from the Wing. They were startled by Draco almost running into them with fright on his face, "Tell me it isn't true! Are they-" "They are alive, Mr. Malfoy, but they are Petrified," Minerva informed the Blond Slytherin. "However, you three students and everyone else who is not in classes are to report back to their Common Room..." Minerva stated. Her first priority was to see Mr. Malfoy to his Common Room, which she did. But as the boys followed behind her they spoke in whispers. They had made a plan for a night where they could meet at Hagrid's and ask him about the Chamber of Secrets. But the way they were going to have to go about it was rather unnerving. Harry and Ron had his father's cloak and they hadn't found Draco as they made their way out of the Common Room, not even when they made their way out towards Hagrid's. Ron had continued to keep his eyes out for the boy, "Where is he?" he asked in a whisper. Shaking his head with worry, Harry sighed as they made their way up to Hagrid's door to knock, "Not a clue, I'm actually worried." "Maybe Crabbe and Goyal found him trying to sneak out?" Ron offered a hopeful explanation. Nodding with hope Harry knocked on Hagrid's door, "Maybe? I hope that is the case." their shock came when Hagrid opened the door and leveled a Crossbow at their invisible selves. Quickly taking the Cloak from them they stared at the weapon with shock, "What's that for!?" But it hadn't ended there, during their time trying to ask Hagrid about the Chamber of Secrets Fudge and Dumbledore had interrupted them, moreover, Lucius Malfoy had walked in and handed Albus orders of Suspension. And more, Draco was still late. Leaving the two Gryffindor's to wander into the woods without him. Had they waited fifteen more minutes, they'd have seen the Malfoy boy running down the steps towards Hagrid's, "I'm late, I'm very late!" he scolded himself. Crabbe and Goyle had stopped him from trying to leave, having him go back to bed. He assumed his father must have instructed them to be sure he was not running off to be around the Gryffindor three. But Draco had a secret he'd only admitted to Ron, Harry, and Hermione, "I'm only a bully to you three because I'm jealous, Ron's family is fun, interesting and outgoing, nothing seems to be in order but yet, it also is at the same time. Granger is the smartest Witch of our grades year and she never grew up with magic. Harry, even after everything you still have faith in people… even someone like me, especially after what I've done, after what I said. How? Why?" Harry's answer had shocked him, "We're kids, Draco, and no offense, but your father doesn't seem like the easiest of people to get along with unless you like him, I couldn't imagine how it must be at home, You seem close with your mum, but even she can only do so much. You hang out with Crabbe and Goyle holding your flank because they're scared of you right now, but you know they won't be afraid of you forever. That's why you're cruel to everyone. You don't really want to be feared, but the power of being intimidating makes up for what you know you don't really have." Harry had said it calmly, as nice as he possibly could, but it was true. Draco couldn't help it, he felt as if he were being dissected. He hated it. He felt he was being ripped opened and revealed as the scared, little lost boy that he may truly be. "And what's that, Potter." Draco snapped. "Friends, you want friends." Draco had argued that he had friends, Crabbe and Goyle, but after a few days of ignoring the two Gryffindor's, Harry's words had struck him deep, nagged their annoying words into his very soul and made him feel alone once more. He'd grown up with the two boys in his house. Their fathers had grown close with his own father, but his mother disliked them, minus their sons for the time. Having the words nag him to near insanity, Draco had asked them if they thought the three of them were friends. Crabbe had smiled with a hopeful and excited expression, nodding his head vigorously. Goyle had made it clear he'd grown used to Draco, that because his father would bring him over to the Malfoy Manor that he had simply grown used to being a part of Draco's shadow. At least he'd been honest. That his father was taking his son to the manor to be 'friends' with Draco because he was not only a Malfoy but because the Malfoy's had power, their hands were deep in other's pockets, the taller boy had even explained that Crabbe's father had done so for the very same reason. And from the way Crabbe had not argued back and instead hunched his shoulders sadly at Goyle ratting him out, Draco had truly known he hadn't had them as friends. "So, we aren't friends?" "I am, Draco," Crabbe said quickly, a fallen face on him as he stared at the blond with sad hope that he'd believe him. But unfortunately, Draco couldn't, no matter how sad the boy looked. Since then Draco had been avoiding them, ignoring them as much as he could. And they'd let him be. Until that night. They had told him they couldn't let him go out there, that they couldn't let him out of their sight. Crabbe had asked his forgiveness and tried body binding him. Fortunately, for Draco, he was faster and bound the two boys himself. He was shocked that the commotion had not woken anyone else from their sleep as he made a mad dash out. However, his 'luck' had run out when he'd quickly had to hide from his father, Dumbledore, Fudge and Hagrid leaving. Confused as ever Draco waited until they were gone and rushed the rest of the way to Hagrid's, bursting through the half-giant's door and found no one there but Fang. "Where are they Fang?" he asked quickly with worry, had they been spotted then they'd have been walked to Dumbledore's office for more detentions, if not expulsion. His eyes looked around when the Dog merely gave him a lazy look. Finding Harry's Cloak resting over the table, he knew it wasn't Hagrid's, Hagrid never had something this nice in his possession, at least not to his knowledge, but it was small enough to fit a few small bodies, it had to be Harry's. "Fang, where are they?" Draco asked again. This time the Hound complied and walked him out the front door, faced the forest and sat just at the edge. "You're joking? They went in there?" he asked with fright. But the sudden screams he got from deep inside the forest had him forgetting all about his own fright he ran into the forest calling for the two boys, "RON! HARRY!" he screamed with Fang running next to him. The sudden flash of light that nearly blinded his eyes gave him a deep fright. Seeing the car after a short moment of letting his eyes adjust, he smiled. "Ron, your dad is a genius." He only knew it was Weasley's father's because he heard his father rambling about Arthur building an engine in an old vehicle, even heard Ron and Harry talk about how they got to school after they'd missed the train. He had forced himself to walk up to the vehicle slowly but at it suddenly opening its door for him he smiled and jumped in with Fang, "Alright, let's get going… I have no idea how to drive." He admitted. And stunned when it moved all its own like it had its own mind. Draco couldn't help the excited laugh that filled him when the car started zooming through the forest towards the boys, the car bouncing from the rough terrain as it went over the hill and skidded to a stop for them. "Need a lift?" Draco asked through the down window. "Draco!" the boys shouted with delight. Moving over as they slipped into the car they took off, "Get us in the air!" Harry shouted. The spiders were surrounding them, this was something Draco was just now realizing. "So, I wasn't seeing anything! These things are huge!" "No kidding!" Ron shouted back, the gears grinding. "Come on Ron. Get us off the ground!" Harry shouted frightfully at the spider's jumping onto the car, rattling the vehicle and trying to get inside or tear it apart. But the gears kept grinding! "I'm trying! The flying gears jammed!" Harry and Draco shared a fearful look, both boys leaped to help him unjam the gears. Draco winced the entire time the gears grounded and screamed as they forced the gear into place, and they were up in the air. He'd nearly had a panic attack when a spider leaped at the open window on Ron's side and it's legs wrapped around the redhead. Draco screamed and jumped back as far as he could in the back seat he'd slid back into to let Harry and Ron in the car. He was glad Harry had a spell they could use because Draco was clean out of ideas. "To close… that was too close." Draco said panting from fright, he'd almost peed himself when the Giant spiders had started jumping on the car, denting the roof. "How'd you find the car Draco?" Ron asked. Hoping the question would distract them all. "I didn't, it found me and Fang. Why the heck were you two in that forest in the first place!" Draco scolded them. Harry sighed, relaxing just a bit from being safe in the air away from the Spider's horde, "We found Aragog, the creature that was accused of killing that girl fifty years ago." Harry explained just before they landed. Getting out of the car, Ron huffed, "Follow the spiders he says! Follow the Spiders you said, Harry! Follow the blasted things we did, and we nearly get eaten! If Hagrid ever gets out of Azkaban I'll kill 'im!" Ron shouted. Draco's head shook for a moment at hearing Ron, Hagrid was in Azkaban?! "Wait, what! When did this happen!" He demanded with shock. "About an hour ago, maybe," Harry claimed. "That would explain why he was with Fudge," "Dumbledore's been suspended as well," Ron stated, his irritation still clear. "Your father hand-delivered the papers himself." "That much I can believe. I saw Dumbledore walking out with them towards the front of the Castle." Draco admitted. "But I thought Dumbledore was just walking them out… Why is he suspended?" he asked curiously. Both Gryffindor's shrugged. "Your father told him that the Governors felt he was losing his touch, that the students were no longer safe with him here any longer and that all 12 signed the suspension form," Ron informed the young Malfoy with a relaxing shrug. Now that he was slightly more calm than he'd previously been, even though he was irritated they'd almost been eaten, Ron had calmed down. "So, what did the Spider say?" Draco asked. "Aragog mentioned a girl was killed in a bathroom," Ron sighed, the car once again had driven back into the woods, "Great…" he grumbled. "Wait, she died in a bathroom?" Draco piped up curiously. Nodding, Harry quickly caught onto what he was getting at. However, Ron's confusion was still clear as night to them. Harry and Draco both gave the boy a look of 'you're kidding me?', "What if she hadn't left yet, Ron. What if she is still in that bathroom?" Harry claimed. His mind circled around and concluded that the two boys had come to themselves, "Moaning Myrtle?" Ron asked with stunned shock. "Come on!" Draco shouted taking off. He'd been late to the forest in the first place, he was not going to miss this! "Draco!" "Can't we go in the morning!" Ron called with a small whine as he ran after the two-running back towards the school. Easing their way towards the bathroom, careful not to be caught, they found Myrtle floating around in her third-floor bathroom, her crying moans echoing off the walls. At their arrival, they had begun to gently ask her some questions regarding her death. "I just remember seeing big, yellow eyes, over there, by that sink." She pointed to the sink with a small whine. Walking to the sink, Harry's fingers traced the small etched in serpent on the side of the faucet with interest. "Potter, I-I think you just found the Chamber of Secrets." Draco paled, stuttering as he spoke. His eyes studying the Serpent. He couldn't believe it. All this time he thought it was just some dumb story to scar kids. But it had been a story he had followed along with. "We should go tell the Professors, come on!" He claimed. This couldn't be left quit. They had to tell the Professors. With the three agreeing they made their way from the bathroom, "We'll tell them tomorrow. It's late and we have classes we can't miss." Harry clarified. All three said their goodnights. But no one would listen to them the next morning, not even the next day, or the day after that. All of the Professors were running around trying to keep them all safe and in order with getting to classes and back to their Common Rooms that none of them had the chance to speak with the three boys. And Dumbledore was no longer at school. But it was the late hours of them visiting Hermione and Aralia after Harry, Ron and Draco had gone about finishing caring for Hagrid's creatures. "Harry? Ron, I think I figured out why Hermione and Aralia were in the Library." Draco softly said to the boys, his eyes glancing at the page with a picture of a snake, the title of the page is a Basilisk. Rushing down the halls as they headed for the Library, not caring that they may get caught as Harry read the page. "Sider's fled before it- Ron, that's it! That's why I can hear it. It's a snake!" "Okay, but how the bloody hell is this thing getting around!" Draco stammered. He couldn't believe this! A Basilisk was a huge snake! How have none of them notice the thing! Showing the page at the bottom right corner, Harry sighed, "Hermione answered that for us already." He said casually. But he and Ron knew Harry was very much bothered by this. "The Plumbing!" Ron exclaimed with shock. "How!" "This school is ancient Ron, its ages years old. The plumbing back then was huge." Draco explained. "All students return to your Dormitories at once! All Teachers to the Second Floor Corridor!" McGonagall's voice rang through the Schools speakers. But the boys had other plans. Running to the Second Floor they hid themselves behind a corner wall behind from where the Professors where crowded around as they spoke about the Message that had been left. McGonagall was in so much of a feat that upon her stating that they were no longer safe, that the students must be sent home for their safety. A student had been taken by the monster into the Chamber. However, the shiver that ran down their spines was not because of the school being closed or that they were still in danger right now, but it was the name Minerva McGonagall gave to Madam Pomfrey as to who had been taken. "Ginny Weasley," Draco and Harry had caught the distraught redhead Weasley when they've walked away and read the message written on the wall. "Lockhart, he may be useless, but if we tell him everything we know, maybe he can be useful." "You're joking, right? You want to go tell Lockhart?" Draco asked Harry had to be out of his mind. "We can't just leave her there Draco, we have to make them listen, or she's done for." Harry snapped. Lifting Ron onto his feet the two Gryffindor's rushed in the direction of Lockhart's Office. Draco groaned and lazily ran after them. He couldn't believe they wanted to tell Lockhart. But getting to the Wizard's office they found the man sprinting to pack his belongings. "Are you going somewhere, Professor?" Draco snapped with malice to the fake. "Uh, yes, unfortunately, Business, unavailable, can't wait." "What about my sister!" Ron snapped. "well, um, as to that, no one regrets that more than I," "You're the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher!" Ron snapped. "What about all those things you've done in your books!" "My dear boy! Books can be misleading." Lockhart snapped with irritation. He had to get out of there! "You wrote to them!" Draco snapped. "Oh Please! My books wouldn't be sold half as well had nobody believed I'd done all those things!" Lockhart admitted in a frantic worry. Paling at his confession, Lockhart glanced between the three boys, and slowly backed away towards his desk, "You're a fraud!" Ron shouted. He couldn't believe this, well, actually he could, but now his sister had no one who was capable of going to search for her! It wasn't like they could go get her… Could they? His thoughts were cut short by Draco raising his wand swiftly to Lockhart, an evil, an angry scowl on his face as he sent a small zapping spell at Lockhart's hand before it reached his wand. "Don't even think about it, Lockhart… Move it. You're going into that Chamber, and we are getting that girl… Coward…" "A-and what may I ask are you planning the three of you can do with me exactly?" Lockhart stuttered. He couldn't believe that a second-year had outwitted him! "Well, we can't exactly go down that entrance first, we are students after all. Kids, you wouldn't put your students in harm's way, would you, Professor Lockhart." Harry and Ron shared a shocked and fearful glance with one another, both wondering what Draco was doing! But the two boys quickly followed his lead and leveled their own wands at Lockhart and used him out and back to Moaning Myrtle's Bathroom. "How do we open it?" Draco asked. "Um… I don't know actually." Harry wondered himself. "Say something to it," Ron suggested. Shrugging at the look of confusion he got from them, "Say something in Parseltonunge." He re-stated. Catching on to what Ron was getting at, Harry nodded. He wasn't used to doing it on cue, but it had left him easily. The four stepped back with fright as the sinks moved and shifted, the circular top rising from its resting place as the nonfunctional sink sank below, opening up a too a deep, dark, drop of a shaft. Lockhart watched with disbelief. Three second-year students had ground the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets that no one had ever been able to find for centuries! And three 12-year-olds had accomplished it. "W-w-well. This is rather… Congratulations boys. So, I think I'll just be on my way!" He stated, trying to make a run for it. But his path had been blocked by the three boys pairing together and shocking him back towards the entrance. He'd just barely caught himself before falling in. "Now-now boys, what good would this do?" Lockhart asked with a shiver. "Better you than us," Ron sneered. The man had tried to chicken out in the first place! Was he really expecting three kids to jump down there first?! His stomach knotting, Lockhart turned on shaking legs and looked down below into the dark depths below him. Gulping, Lockhart looked over his shoulder with hope, "A-are you sure neither of you wants to go – AHHH!" Ron had had enough of his talking and roughly jabbed his wand into Lockhart's back, shoving the Wizard forward and into the hole. Draco and Harry stared wide-eyed at one another in shock before looking to Ron. "Ron," Draco squeaked, "You just-" "It is really quite filthy down here," "Never mind." Draco stated as he looked down into the darkness, "Well, at least he's Ali- AHHH!" Ron and Harry had grinned before gently shoving Draco over the edge and sliding down into the drop. "On the count of three," Ron said. Both boys nodded in agreement, "one," Ron started the count. "Sorry Ron," Harry said before grabbing his friend and pulled him down with him, "HARRY!' Upon landing the two boys came face to face with a glaring Draco, "Why the heck did you shove me down here! You could have killed me!" he shouted with anger. "Because we didn't know if you'd jump or not," Harry said "If it makes you feel better Malfoy, he pulled me down here after we were supposed to count," Ron grumbled, taking the offered hand Draco had held out for the Weasley boy, making Harry stand on his own. Grinning the whole way as they walked on, Harry looked down a tunnel and suddenly felt uncomfortable, "Remember, any sign of movement, close your eyes. Yes?" "Right," the boys said in an understanding of the consequences. "Good Lord!" Lockhart's voice echoed. The shock in his tone held had the boys worried as they slowly walked towards the previous DADA. But their eyes found more than what they'd bargained for. Snakeskin. "What is that?" Harry asked iht fright. He had a feeling he knew what it was, but he really didn't want to be right. Ron's eyes continued to run over the figure, his fingertips pressing against it, hoping it was a rock. Unfortunately, he found it was anything but rock. "It... It looks like a-" "A snake's skin…" Draco finished. "Whatever shed this could likely be sixty-feet long!" Ron exclaimed with fright. But their fear had been washed away temporarily by Lockhart's fainting. "He's joking, right?" Draco asked with annoyance. "If anyone is to be scared this mush it should be us." Ron and Harry had simply shrugged with little care but nodded in agreement. The sudden shock of Lockhart jolting up and grabbing snatching Ron's wand from him had the kids startled. Even as he rambled on about them losing their minds at finding Ginny's mangled body had the three of them clutching their fists tightly with anger. Ron's eyes suddenly went wide at realizing Lockhart was actually going to use his wand! "Wai -" but Lockhart had screamed his Obliviate curse and they were forced to watch it backfire on him aggressively. Shooting him backward and slammed into the roof of the cave. For a moment they thought it was over until the walls and roof began to shake violently causing a cave-in, separating them all. "Malfoy! Malfoy! Harry!" "Ron! Draco!" Harry called. "I'm alright, what about you and Draco?!" Harry called with worry, "I'm fine, but I can't find Draco!" He called back to his friend. He knew one was alright, now what about Malfoy? He'd been about to start searching for Draco when Lockhart suddenly sat up, no memory of anything, or himself. Growing tired of his rambling, Ron had knocked him out. "Lockhart's Curse backfired. He hasn't a clue who he is!" Ron called. "Search for Draco, Ron. I'll go find Ginny then get started n moving this wall so we can get back through!" "Okay, Draco!? ... Draco, where are you?" Ron started to call, moving rocks and dust out of his way from a corner after corner. "Come on Draco, talk to me! Please!" "Mhmhmh, W-Weasley?" Draco could have sworn he heard Ron calling for him. He hurt. His head hurt, his leg hurt, hell, his whole body hurt! "Draco!" "Harry?" "Draco Malfoy!" "Is that? He couldn't have already. Could he?" "Draco? Draco wakes up. Come, one sweetheart, wake up." "Mhm, Mum?" He asked, his eyes slowly and weakly opening. For a moment he was confused. How'd he get to the Hospital Wing? "Yes, that's it, wake up Draco." His mother softly called. Her voice gently singing for him to awaken. Finally wide awake Draco blinked a few times. "Mum! Harry! Ginny, what happened to Weasley!" "She's already Draco. You boys were brave for going after her. However, don't think for a moment you aren't going to be grounded for a while for such an act. You almost got yourself crushed." "Wait, I'm getting praised for helping to find the Weasley girl, but then you're going to punish me?" Draco was confused. How was that supposed to work? "No, you get praises for helping to find her, you're grounded for getting hurt. Now wake up. You have a few visitors." Narcissa said, looking over her shoulder she held her arm out for the few visitors. And a few there were plenty. Ginny's smiling face is one of them, "Thank you, Draco." "Um, you're welcome? Really Potter saved you, I just fell down the entrance." "You cared enough to go help find her Draco, for that we thank you." Mrs. Weasley said with a warm smile, "oh, yes I made this for you, as a thank you." Molly said offering the boy her gift. Smiling with excitement Draco opened the package and found a green knitted sweater, "It's fuzzy, it'll be good for winter. Thank you." "Well, we best let you rest. Have a wonderful summer, Come along Ginny. Harry and the others want to see him too. Can't over well the dear boy." Molly said, ushering her daughter from the room, but not before Ginny had hugged Draco warmly. "Thank you," she whispered to him then left with her mother. "Draco!" three collective shouts came from the door hours after Ginny and Molly left. And just minutes after his mother had left him. She had told him he'd still be taking the train like the rest of the students and that she'd see him at the station. But he could think of things later. Right now, he had Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushing to his bedside with wide and happy smiles on their faces. Hermione had gently launched herself into his arms, "So glad you're alright." She said with relief. "Yeah, me too. How'd we get out of there anyway?" "Fawkes." Harry started. "He took Ginny, Ron, and Lockhart to Madam Pomfrey, I stayed back in the caves with you so they could bring a stretcher. We couldn't dig you out ourselves. We needed help." "Oh, well thank you." "Mum said she made you a sweater, has she given it to you yet?" Ron asked with a smile. And he had to wonder why Draco was smiling so wide at his question. "Yes, It's a green Slytherin sweater. It'll be nice for cold weather. Or for when I'm home. Our home is always cold." Draco said. "Has your dad come to see you yet?" Harry asked with soft worry. His question, however, had brought a fallen look to the boy's face as he shook his head, "No, not that I know of. Mum says he's upset. That we also lost our house elf, which I'm actually curious about how that happened. He was pretty handy. Though my father was pretty brutal to him. Poor thing will probably be better off without us really." Draco said. Harry figured he'd keep that part to himself for the time being. "Any broken bones?" Ron asked curiously. Once more, Draco shook his head, "Nope, just a nasty bruise on my leg is all. I'll be released once Madam Pomfrey returns in an hour or so." Draco stated. All the nodding with relief, Harry sighed as he looked at the setting sun, "We should get going, almost late. We leave tomorrow. You know that right?" Nodding Draco sighed and rested back in his bed casually. "Yeah, I'm still riding the train tomorrow." The train ride back to London was interesting. Harry had been notified he'd be returning to the Dursleys until Aralia could get the papers from the Ministry and the Magical Children's Affairs. He'd wondered where she'd gone. Her sudden disappearance bothered him, but Dumbledore had eased his worries when he'd informed the boy that he'd asked Aralia to do something regarding the retrieval of a person who'd not responded to his letters. "I need you to find Remus John Lupin, Aralia. He had not answered my letters for some time, and I have become worried. However, every previous address he's lived or stayed in had now gone silent. I fear the worst for his condition." He'd told the redhead with clear worry. "I'll find him, Albus, don't worry. Do you have a recent picture of him?" "Ah, yes, right here. His whole file my dear. Read it, learn it, learn him, find him and make sure he accepted my proposal, there's a spare letter in there him personally. I expect he'll take the offer." "And Harry?" "Harry Potter shall be returning to his Aunt and Uncle until you procure Mr. lupin's whereabout and his acceptance of my proposal. By that time, I am sure you shall have the dear boy in your custody and living in that lovely cottage your family left you." He'd said with a smile. But his words had confused her. "Cottage?" "Ah, yes, forgive me. I seemed to have taken it upon myself to procure a cottage and it's paperwork. The Potters had a Cottage on the outskirts of the countryside in St. Catchpole. A Wizarding Community, of course, the Cottage had been abandoned after James's parents' unfortunate death. Their belongings and lands were transferred to a trusted friend's name to safe keep their belongs in good health. However, since now you are an only living relative aside from young Mr. Potter, the title to the Cottage is now in your name, as are the rest of the Potter's belongings to hold for Harry until he comes of age claim them. And judging from your shocked and overwhelmed expression I can see you feel like a thief. But, do try to not think of it so, Aralia. I bought the Cottage, since I was the previous holder of their belongings, and have signed the title over to you. The deed to the Cottage is in the study's desk drawer on the first floor waiting for your needed signatures. The Cottage is legally yours. The rest shall go to dear Mr. Potter…" Handing the file over to the shocked and silenced woman Albus couldn't help but smile with delight. Finally, she had managed to not say anything. Then again after her ordeal of being petrified the dear woman likely felt useless. However, in this matter, he needed her trained skills. She was brilliant at tracking, according to Hagrid one of his creatures had gotten loose, a creature he was not supposed to have, one he'd have truly gotten arrested for having kind of creature. And she had found the little beast in less than three hours after Hagrid had spent two days searching for it. "Have a good trip, your travel papers are also in said file." And with that, Aralia had been off to fulfill her task. **Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed! I know it probably flew like nothing, I do hope it was still good and kept interested, or at least kept you on your toes a little. I wanted to end this as fast as I could because like I said, Harry Potter's second year is my worst time of watching, reading and writing, mostly writing and watching, the book is much better. Have a wonderful Night/Day!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being apart of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10/2019 Chapter 7 July 9th, 1993 Paris. That was where she had followed Lupin's trail…. Paris... Aralia sighed as she walked down a sketching Alleyway. "And now I'm an errands girl, thank you Lupin. And for a moment I thought I'd have a schoolgirl nerd moment at meeting you and here I am running all over Europe just to drag your sorry ass back to Albus…. Now I'm just annoyed." she grumbled, "I should be with Harry right now. But no. I'm hunting down the man who ignored Albus for months…." She continued to mumble to herself. Once again, she was complaining. Then again, she was very annoyed. She'd managed to track the man down a few days ago, but as soon as he saw her face at his door, he'd slammed the door in her face with a look of determination to get away from her, like she was after his beating heart or something! He'd been so determined to get the hell away from her that he jumped out of his apartment window. His window! And all she did was smile with pure relief at finding him alive and tried to say hello! The laughing echoes growing as she came to a cross-section of the alleyways connecting. Her eyes landing on the beaten-down Remus Lupin. The Wizard was beaten bloody and purple, four snatchers laughing over him as they kicked him. "Enough!" She shouted. Their heads snapped towards her, their laughter growing as they slowly stalked away from Remus's panting and struggling body, "Leave her alone," he grunted, attempting to stand. His sight was blurry, the kicks they'd dealt him had been painful, more so since the full moon had only been a nearly a week prior, he was still injured. And the day after that he'd leaped from his window on the second floor. He was lucky he hadn't broken anything. "Shut up you." one snapped, kicking Remus back down into the dirt and mud-covered ground of the alley. "Well, well, well, look what' we 'ave 'ere boys," another said. "We'd be 'happy to share 'im with yah girlie, but only if yeh willin' to share somethin' of yourself with us." he sneered, his eyes eyed her up and down. Her dark blue skinny jeans hugged her comfortable with her short sleeves burgundy top covered by a light jacket for the weather, olive green in color and quite comfortable and easy to move in. Her dark red hair had been pulled back into a hair tie to keep her long hair from getting in the way for her eyes. His and the other's state of hygiene repulsed the woman. More so she was repulsed at the way they continued to stare at her like she was a large chunk of meat off the hind end of a Baraco to hungry lions. "No," she answered with disgust. "And he is coming with me whether you stupid lot like it or not. So either move aside and let us leave or-" "Or what' sweetheart." he must have been their 'leader' since the others were falling into his flank, and the way he was always the one to speak to her first. Her annoyance only grew. She was about to give them an answer until the 'leader' grabbed her light weathered olive-green jacket. She instantly reverted back to her time's survival instinct. Headbutting the creature in front of her. She could hear the crack of his nose and crying wails he gave as he fell back onto the wet, dirty ground holding his nose and mouth. Blood spilling from his cupped hands. "Why you, stupid little bitch!" one shouted, advancing her. Moving aside from his swing, Aralia caught his wrist and locked it in her hold, twisting the limb and kicked the side of his knee cap, buckling him to his knees with a painful cry before twisting back his arm behind his back and lifted the limb up all in one, the solid and nasty pop and a snap echoed off the alley walls at his shoulder and elbow being dislocated and his wrist being broken. Catching the next swung attempt, she shoved his outstretched arm and throat punched the thirst snatcher. The attack sent him to his knees trying to breathe and caught for air. The four tried a side attack. But that had ended with him being stupefied and sent flying back into the brick wall. The impact rendered the fourth and last snatcher unconscious. "Or I'll take him over you broken and unconscious bodies." it may have been a late answer. But at least she answered them... Walking to Remus as he struggled to stand, she gently moved the dirty and grimy pieces of hair from his ill-looking face that had only been made worse but the busted lip and blood he had on him, "Come on, let's get you somewhere safe and cleaned up..." "Who the heck are you?" he asked weakly. His eyes blurring as he tried to focus. "A friend… Well, technically I'm James's cousin… sort of…" "James's cousin?" Remus asked, his legs giving out on him, his weight nearly took them both to the ground had she not disapparated. Her arms locked around him tightly before they landed on hardwood floors. "H-how'd-" "Disapparated, Lupin... We Disapparated… Come on, let's get you to a room so we can clean you up a bit… you need patched up and rest… a lot of rest." Aralia huffed, lifting as much of him as she could with his little helpers. He was weak and she was practically dragging him until her saving grace came in the form of Minerva walking in, fresh pie in hand. To her shock, Minerva had nearly screamed at seeing the state the two were on. Namely, Remus and Aralia trying to hold him. Panting from how heavy the Wizard was to her hold her bright blue eyes widening, "Help!" "Good God!" Minerva shouted, nearly dropping her pie where she stood but thankfully set it on the countertop near the back door and rush in to help the small witch. Both working together at getting the werewolf to a room. Aralia nearly collapsed on top of the poor, now unconscious, man. Her breath leaving her in deep pants of exhaustion. "For Christ's sake! He's heavy for as thin of a man as he looks!" she groaned. Slipping off the bed and onto her butt. Resting against the wooden frame. Minerva gracefully sitting on the bed at his feet, a hand over her heart. "What on this good graced earth are you doing Aralia?" "Errand, for Albus… H-he asked me to find Lupin. He hasn't responded to Dumbledore in a while, and he was getting worried. Maybe thinking he'd offed himself or something." "Offed himself!?" Minerva said with fright. Thinking her ancestors hadn't a clue what the word meant, smiled a bit, "I only mean that Albus may have thought he'd killed himself, sorry, it's slang from my time-" "I know what the damned 'word' means Aralia Elizabeth Minerva McGonagall, and as your ancestor, I'd have assumed you'd have retained proper vocabulary young lady!" Minerva snapped. Taking a few moments to calm herself Minerva sighed, "I believe I'll take that glass of wine you offered a week ago." Minerva said, glancing once more to Remus then away. He was a mess. This was Remus Lupin? One of the brightest minds in her class? What had the world done to him? Smiling softly, Aralia stood from her resting place and held her ancestor up. Walking them to the kitchen Aralia poured Minerva a small glass of wine. But the small shake of her head confused her, "More, my dear, I believe I'll need more than just a small glass… if you'd mind, that is." Raising a brow Aralia complied, "Not at all, after the sight you've just seen I can see why you want a larger glass. He was a student of yours, yes?" She asked handing Minerva the large glass of red Port. Nodding her head Minerva took a small amount of time to talk about Remus Lupin, at least whatever she could remember. "Those four boys were a menace. Especially James and Sirius, those two were troublemakers, but they had fun. However, they picked on poor Severus like there was no tomorrow." "They picked on Severus?" she asked sadly. "Yes, but by everything inside of me, I still do not know why. Oh, he's still up there all dirty," taking a sip of her wine Minerva set the glass onto the table and moved to get a glass bowl and filled it with warm water and grabbed a clean cloth, "We should get him cleaned up a bit," "I'll do that Minerva, you relax." "Are you sure?" she asked. She was jumpy, she'd never seen a student in such a condition. "Yes, I am sure. Relax, and save us some pie." She said, poking some fun at the Witch. Laughing a tab at her playful poke, Minerva sat back down at the table, "Oh, shush! Aralia," she playfully snapped before taking another sip of her wine. Sighing softly as she entered Remus's room, Aralia set the bowl of water on the nightstand and sat beside his sleeping self and gently washed away the grime and blood from his face and neck, undoing some of his shirt to clean around his neck. She wasn't going to strip the man of his clothes just to give him a bed bath, no, he could sleep for the time than bath once he woke up. Seeing she had cleaned what she deemed an appropriate amount she took the bowl to the bathroom across the hall and dumped the dirty water and walked back to the kitchen, empty bowl and the cloth wrung out in hand, but the visitors she had waiting for her in the kitchen as she came back down shocked her. Two of the three faces she knew and the boy had a packed Trunk with him and looking a bit gloomy. The third person Aralia had never met before. But he held a briefcase and a stern expression as he looked around the kitchen. "Narcissa? This is a sudden surprise. Please, take a seat, Minerva made some pie for today, you and Draco are welcome to come." she offered as she set the bowl in the sink. "No, um that won't be necessary for me thank you." She said with a soft, and a rather sad sigh, she looked defeated. But the constant glances her eyes continued to make between her son and his bags and back to her gave Aralia a small clue, "Is everything alright?" "Draco, sweetheart, go find the sitting room, will you, Aralia and I need to talk..." Narcissa said with a calm collection of herself. Smiling to her son she nodded, but the questioning glance the boy gave Aralia had Aralia smiling to him and nodded, "Just through the hall and to the right Draco, yes, that's it. It' alright dear." The boy didn't look one bit excited. He looked worried. But for what reason? Turning back to Narcissa she saw the Malfoy woman nod to the person. The Wizard set his Briefcase on the kitchen table and open it and ruffled around the papers he had inside before handing her a collection of files. Files regarding Harry Potter's custody. "Narcissa-" "I was informed you could not be granted temporary Guardianship unless you had a home inspection and Harry's permanent Guardianship done. Reginald is here to do a home inspection and a personal psych-evaluation of you before I can allow Draco to stay in your care for the time being." she softly informed her. At this news Minerva sputtered, almost choking on the small sip of wine she had been in the middle of taking, "Oh!" the two women jumped to action, Narcissa gently patting Minerva's back as she coughed and Aralia grabbing a napkin to give Minerva to cough into and clean the dripping wine from her chin, "Are you alright." But as she coughed her throat clear, Minerva nodded, letting the woman continue. "There have been a few uncomfortable things happening at home, things I do not wish my son to be around and witness at this time…But he needs permission first." Narcissa said. Her eyes begging her to just say yes. "He has it, I have a friend in the first room upstairs, please leave him be, he isn't well," she informed the Wizard. Nodding he left silently, a set of papers in hand with a clipboard and his feather pen as he walked away. Sighing with slight relief Narcissa sat in the chair next to Minerva, "I know I don't know you, Aralia, but I don't have anyone else who I could trust my son's care with… You cared, when I spoke with you that time before Christmas, I saw the look in your eyes when I asked you to look after him. You looked so determined and set to do it, it was like I was looking at my own eyes… Please… Please, Aralia I need him safe." "Why would your son not be safe in his own home?" Aralia asked softly. The painful look Narcissa gave had the woman worried as the Malfoy woman began to cry. "Narcissa, what happened?" "Lucius..." She cried, a hand covering her face. "Lucius has had a mistress since we've been married." she cried. Aralia and Minerva had no words for their shock. "He has a son, Draco's age. She's dead, house fire. Lucius had no choice but to bring him to the home, we had to tell Draco. But this child, this son is so… he's cold and cruel. He tried to burn Draco's room down, set the room ablaze while he was asleep just three nights ago, I tried bringing him here that night, but I couldn't find you, we've been staying in the INN down the road." Narcissa cried. "So.. wait a moment, you knew your entire marriage that your husband had a mistress?" Aralia was still stumped by this. Why had she just let this go! Nodding, Narcissa sniffed back her tears, "Yes, but he never told me he had a child with her, I only just found out when he brought the boy home, then we were forced to tell Draco. They even gave the boy Lucius's last name, but they were never married, it's out of custom!" she snapped with anger. Her rambling continued for nearly two hours. Reginald had finished his house inspection, which she had passed. He'd proceeded to apologize for interrupting the woman but made it clear that he needed to speak with Aralia. To this Minerva had taken Narcissa to the study, this way the woman could continue to rant her anger to someone while the caseworker asked Aralia Potter questions. Minerva had been kind enough to get them a cup of tea and some pie and something to drink for Draco while they spoke, the poor boy was sitting bored in the living room. Eventually, he'd walked around and found a book that looked interesting and started to read it. Unfortunately, Draco's mind had started to daydream. Until they'd turned into terrible memories of meeting his nasty half-brother. Platinum blond hair like his own, but his eyes were dark and cold. Clearly, his half-brother had gotten his dark chocolate eyes from his mother and not their father's blue eyes. But the boy was a nasty piece of work. The worst part of it, Dagny had been born three days before Draco…. Meaning Draco was the youngest Malfoy as of today, even their records showed Draco to be the latest son born, meaning the only thing Draco could lay claim to was being Narcissa's son. Everything would never be his, it was all, legally, to go to the oldest, or what he had thought, the only, son of Lucius Malfoy, now being Dagny. Having the questioning finished, she'd noticed that as fast as it had been, the Caseworker had taken two and a half hours to be as thorough as possible before handing her the official papers signed by himself stating she was ready and met the requirements of Harry J. Potter's custody. "Have his current Guardians sign these papers and he is all yours' Mss. Potter." He explained. Thanking the Caseworker she after he congratulated her, Reginald sat in a chair to wait for Narcissa. Walking to the study, Aralia continued to listen. But she had to know. "Narcissa? As glad as I am that Draco will not be staying in that house with that child any longer, why do I have the nagging suspicion that Draco is the only one you planned on leaving here with me? He's the only one with a packed Trunk, all you brought with you was a small travel sided bag and your purse and the Caseworker." Aralia asked from the Study's doorway. "Because the image is everything to us. I was raised to keep the image as pleasant as possible. That's how my family raised my sisters and myself. If I left with Draco, then our image would be shattered. There's no fixing it. But if Draco leaves and I stay with Lucius, Draco is safe, and the image of my family is still somewhat intaken. And I can't Leave Lucius in that home with that boy. I don't know who I'm more afraid of, Lucius or Dagny." She explained with slight fright. Shaking her head with disbelief, Aralia took a quick seat next to the frightened woman, "Narcissa, you cannot go back-" "Don't tell me what I can and cannot do, Aralia." Narcissa gently scolded. A firm glare set on her. "You can't expect me to just watch you leave here knowing you're going to be alone in that dangerous environment. Narcissa, what if that boy turns his harmful delusion on you?!" "He wouldn't, I'm the only one he won't touch. I don't know why, but he doesn't direct anything at me, it's just Draco he's targeted since he arrived. When I began to scream with fright for my son being in his burning room, Aralia, do you know what he did?" Narcissa questioned her. her own eyes wide with her own disbelief, but she had witnessed this firsthand. Not knowing what to say, Aralia shook her head. "He ran into the burning room and pulled Draco from the flames before the flames could touch him. While I held Draco, Dagny began to cry and said, "Please don't hurt me, mummy," and even though I punished him, sent him to his room with the knowledge that I was disappointed in him, but he also knows I'm frightened. But, he was relieved I hadn't cursed him. He thought I was going to kill him Aralia. I do not know who this mistress was, but whoever she was Aralia, she hurt this child to an extent that he's lashing out at another child that could get in his way of having a mother and a father. I knew he'd been writing in a journal, so before we left, I snuck into his room and took his journal. He's known Lucius since he was born. But this Lucius is not the man that I know…" as she spoke, Narcissa pulled a blue leather-bound journal from her large purse and rested it on her lap. "That's why you're unsure who your more afraid of, the boy, or your husband?" Minerva asked. She couldn't believe this! Nodding to the Witch, Narcissa took a calming breath. "Because I don't know if Lucius had a hand in the harm to this child and I can only do so much. That's why I pulled some strings to get Reginald here today. I knew the minute you returned I'd have to get him into your care. Someone I knew would be able to keep him safe…" "You've met me once, Narcissa." "Yes, but as I said earlier. When I asked you to watch over him in my stead, your eyes were like a mirror of my own when it comes to the care of a child… I know I can trust you… Please, Aralia, I can't trust anyone. I know what my husband has done, I know what my family has done, I know what they can still do… and I know what they plan to achieve." A chill ran up Aralia's spine at realizing what she was talking about, she was going to get herself killed if she did this, "No-" "If I must, to protect my child, I will sell my soul from one demon to another, just like Severus did for Lily." Holding a large envelope of papers to the redhead Narcissa stared deep into her soul. At that moment Aralia thought of Nesryn. The harsh determination that women had in them succeeding in getting her here, back to Harry's time, to save him. But now Aralia was being asked to safeguard two young boys. With shaking hands Aralia took the envelope slowly. The paper, while there may not have been many of them, felt like weighted bricks in her hold. "I trust they will be signed by the end of the week?" "I'll sign them tonight, along with Harry's papers and I'll gather Harry tomorrow as soon as possible." She hadn't been able to stop the words that came for her mouth in a soft whisper. But the hopeful smile Narcissa gave her before standing to say her goodbyes to her son. Aralia looked at Minerva with watery eyes and let out a breath she hadn't realized was holding. But the expression Minerva was giving her was a look of pride but also of worry. Draco had stood next to Aralia at the back door of the kitchen as they watched Narcissa leave with the papers she'd signed and handed to Reginald to take back to the Ministry. He'd informed her of where to send Harry's signed papers and that each document for both children would have a copy sent to her, for her to keep. "She left… Why'd she leave?" Draco asked softly, his blue eyes watering with tears as he sniffed them back. Wrapping a comforting arm around Draco's shoulders she sighed as the woman vanished into the night, Aralia didn't know what to say to him. "Because of Draco. She's a mother who is terrified for her son. A mother who will do anything to protect her child, even sending him to someone to safeguard him." Minerva said walking up behind them. Her eyes never leaving the distance of when Narcissa had vanished from. "Come, let's get inside. It's late as it is, I just checked on Remus, he's in the bath, Draco let's go find you a room then you'll get a bath yourself and you can have another slice of pie, how's that?" Minerva asked kindly, a sweet smile on her face as she looked at the now crying boy as he nodded to her. "I'll take care of Draco, Aralia, you need to deal with Remus I have handled him and those friends of his for seven years… it's your turn." Minerva said to the redhead as she walked Draco back inside and up the stairs with his Trunk floating behind them as they picked out a room for him and went about settling the distraught boy into his new room at the Cottage tucked away in the woods. Aralia sighed as she poured herself a second glass of Scottish brandy, and it was some good brandy. But she had sipped on her first glass waiting for Remus, Minerva had said her late-night goodbyes around nine-thirty, "Draco is in bed, tucked in and everything, though I'd suggest checking on him before you to go to sleep. He is, after all, understandably upset." Minerva had told her softly. That day's events sure had been interesting, and full of just about everything. Hearing the light creeks of the floorboards to the Kitchen Aralia found Remus leaning against the brick wall with an interesting smirk on his face as he looked at her, "James never had a cousin." ** Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Tell me, was it interesting how that flipped a bit? :)
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character ocs' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) 10-18-2019 Chapter 8 "Who are you really, Aralia." it was not a question, and she knew better than to even try to lie to him. Ted Lupin's warning was clear, do not cross his father, especially with a lie, he'd sniff it out then devour you like you were a fluffy bunny during rabbit season. Remus walked into the kitchen, his green eyes staring into her very being, and she was rather uncomfortable. "I'd ask if you were Lily's relative, however I also know Lily never had any relatives that were magical. She'd made that very clear." he stated, sitting down across from her, his eyes glancing to the glass of brandy in her hands. Smirking her own smirk, she stood from her seat and got him his own glass. Remus couldn't help but eye her back side in her dress. Where her chest may have been small her fram curved down to her hips and her backside, and he had to say her shape was lovely. Taking a calming breath Aralia sighed, "If you're going to stare at least make a comment so it isn't technically rude, Remus John Lupin." she commented with a soft huff. Blushing a bit at being caught, Remus accepted the brandy with a thankful nod, "Apologies." Seeing his discomfort Aralia's brow rose, "You haven't been with many women, have you?" "No, have you been with many men?" he questioned. Even as rude as it may have been it had set them both on equal grounds. Lightly laughing at his words, she shook her head, "No, I just know what it feels like to have my backside stared at." "Sorry, but you still haven't answered me… Who are you really." He'd gone right back to the original question that had started this conversation. 'Damn,' "I am a friend, and even though I know I should tell you that is not going to happen. I've already told Albus and he knows that I can be trusted. My priority is the survival of Harry Potter, and now that of Draco Malfoy." She said clearly sharing an equally determined stair to Lupin as she took another drink of her Brandy. "You're not James Potter's cousin." Remus stated in a matter of fact manner. He had yet to take a drink of the Brandy she'd given him. Knowing she could at least give him that answer she debated on if she even should… "…No, I'm not James Potter's cousin, those are the files and the Identity Albus Dumbledore gave me." She said with a slightly uncomfortable sigh. Nodding and taking a big drink of his Brandy Remus rested back into the chair, "Why were you chasing after me?" Sighing herself and feeling she could relax a bit, Aralia rolled her neck from the stiffness she'd had for hours and sighed as her muscles and neck bones cracked with the release of the tension, "Albus was worried, you hadn't answered his letters and he sent me." She answered casually. "I've had other things to worry about." Remus answered with a sigh, but the letter and his file she dropped in front of him he looked at her with slight shock. He hadn't even heard her get up. Least of all walk to get anything. "The letter is for you, and your file… was rather interesting." "He… Albus showed you my file?" he asked felling a bit violated. "He did, but only because he knew I'd never blackmail you into saying yes to whatever he's been asking you in his letters." She said. "I assume he's been trying to see if you'd like the position of Defense against the Dark Arts. And from your file history and the grades you had in school, even the set of skills you still display in your odd, and random, jobs you've have over the last twelve years I'd say you still have the skill set." She complimented. Sighing as he took the time to read Albus's letter, he folded the letter and set it onto his file, "I'll take the job." He answered. "Well then, we should let Albus know in the morning. School will be starting soon, and you'll need to prepare for that." "Only because James' son is there. I haven't seen Harry since he was babe, I'd like to know him. To teach him." Smiling she slid the signed papers across the table in front of Remus, "You'll get to do that soon enough Lupin… Albus had me identified as James cousin for a reason, it was not random." "When are you getting him?" "Tomorrow morning, you're welcome to come, I'll be bringing Draco as well, I can't leave him here all himself after all." Smiling at her invitation Remus nodded. Standing from the chair he stretched a bit, "We should get some rest then. It's a drive to Petunia's." he said before covering his mouth to yawn. "Good night, Remus Lupin." He couldn't help but smile back to her. "I'll see you in the morning then?" he asked. Heading back towards the stairs, he was curious why she wasn't on her way up to sleep. "Yes, I'll see you and Draco in the morning." she nodded. Grabbing her glass of Brandy and headed for her Study. At this, Remus walked after her, "You know, sleep is usually required for a good morning." Remus spoke softly, poking some fun at her. "Yes, but if I don't write Albus his response now I won't do it tomorrow." she answered as she set up her paper, quill and ink jar to write the Professor. Sighing her softly with slight exhaustion as she wrote Albus a short, sweet, and simple cut letter of Remus Agreeing to take the job, whatever it was then cleaned up after herself and sent the letter out with a lovely messenger Owl she kept for her personally. "Bed, you are still injured." "You know who I am, Aralia, the full moon-" "Is over until the end of this month. You'll be fine. To bed." she gently ordered. Unable to help the grin, Remus moved aside from the door and let her out from her study. Both walking up to their rooms. He'd waited for her to enter her own room first and watched as she peeped into Draco's for a moment and silently closed the door. "How is he?" he asked. "As good as he can be, but tonight he sleeps. Goodnight, Lupin." "Moony." He gently corrected. Smirking at her confused expression he tried not to laugh at her reaction. "You can call me Moony. It's what some friends call me. Or at least the friends I used to have. Suppose I just miss hearing." He admitted a bit bashfully. Nodding in slight understanding she smiled, "Aria, that what mine used to call me on the good days." Raising his brow with curiosity, "and on bad days?" he asked. "It was either Aralia or Elizabeth. Nesryn used to call me Libby when we were younger, I have no clue where she got it from, but it worked for me… when I was six… now it's just annoying." She'd just ambled, and from that small ramble, Remus Lupin had learned a few more things about her. "So, when did you attend Hogwarts again?" he asked, trying to gather more information. Smirking at his attempt, Aralia opened her door, "Goodnight Remus." And with that her door closed and his question was left unanswered. The morning came sooner than they had thought. Draco had fallen back asleep in the back seat of the vehicle as they drove early that morning to gather Harry. They hadn't arrived at Private Drive until late afternoon and they could already hear Vernon on a mid-day rant. Rolling the window's down for Draco to have air, Aralia stepped out of the car, "Draco, wait in the car, roll the back windows down if you need more air. Remus, stay with him, I don't need someone coming around and trying to bother the boy..." A bit worried as his eyes glance back and forth between her and the door, "Are you sure?" "Very, I won't be long, promise." she sighed, patting the top of the car she walked to the door and knocked. Haring Vernon shouted incoherently as he swung the door open. "And what on earth do you want!" he snapped rudely. He had no idea who this woman was, but as he took in her dark blue silk, dress, the deep dip of the front 'v'ed downward, the overcoat clasping with fabric knots down to her stomach and flowing out with the skirt of the dress had him dumb struck. She was one of them, the freaks, like his sister-in-law and his nephew. But as soon as he reinspected her, Vernon's body instantly grew cold, his eyes wide with fright. Her bright blue eyes frightened him. They were cold daggers piercing him. "Vernon, what on earth is it?" an angry woman huffed angrily, storming from the kitchen. But her steps slowed to a slow walk. All she saw was red hair. Deep red, straight hair. "Dear god," she softly whispered. But who she thought she'd see was not there, her heart dropped as the woman's face came into view. Instead of meeting green eyes, she found bright blue staring into her husband, then turned to her. "Vernon and Petunia Dursley?" "Y-Yes?" the both of them stuttered in unison. They had no idea what this was about. They'd shied away from her slightly as she held out some papers to them. As they looked at the forms, their eyes bugged wide. They were custody release papers, "Wh-what is this?" Petunia snapped with confusion. Her chest rising and falling with deep and frightful pants, snatching the papers from the redhead she read them. Her body slid to the side of the door, her back resting against the wall, "Release papers of Harry James Potter into the care of… this isn't… no, this is wrong, the name it's… Vernon, J-James never … he didn't. James never had a sister!" Petunia snapped, coming full circle and getting into the redhead's face. "Aralia Potter, that's what the papers say… James never had a sister! You can't-" "I assure you, the name on those papers is correct. My name is Aralia Potter. No, I am not James Potter's sister, but I am his cousin, I was too young to take Harry when his parents were killed." she explained. Watching as Petunia stared at her with watering eyes. "I've read your file, Petunia. You and your husband kept Harry safe for twelve years because of your non-magical means, now it's time he's in the care of someone with magical means. Now he needs that protection. Protection you cannot give him." she whispered softly to the woman. From the display the woman was giving told her everything she needed, more so the magical glimmer she saw glaze over Petunia's eyes, this had Aralia's brow raising, but said nothing. She was shocked when she walked back inside her home, papers in hand heading to the kitchen and walked back to her minutes later and handed her husband the forms to sign and a pen, "Sign it… Vernon, sign the papers." Petunia said softly, watching her husband rest the papers against the wall and signed next to his wife's. "Potter!" "Yes, Aunt Petunia?" Harry called with the sound of boredom. "Come here!" she called, trying to sound angry and stern. But she had failed. Holding her hand open to her husband he handed her the keys slowly with confusion as she walked to the cupboard door under the staircase and unlock the padlock as Harry walked down the stairs. Freezing as he looked up after getting to the third to last stair Harry froze as he looked at the redhead, "Aralia?" "Sorry it took me so long to come get you." she smiled. Smiling wide with excitement he rushed into her arms, hugging her tightly. "What are you doing here?" "She's taking you with her, pack your things Potter. I don't want anything left here." Petunia said. Her teeth clenched tightly closed, trying not to cry. Turning to his cousin with a bright smile, Harry rushed with a jump in his feet as he rushed around getting his things from the cupboard then up to his room throwing things into his trunk as quickly as he could. Double checking that he hadn't forgotten anything, Harry gathered the remainder of his things from the hidden floorboards and out them away in his truck and rushed back down the stairs. Looking to his Aunt, Harry smiled, "Nothing's left." he informed her. Waiting for her nod he walked out passed Aralia and towards the vehicle. Seeing Harry coming out to the car, Remus got out and opened the trunk of the car and helped him, "I got this, go ahead and get in the car," "Who are you?" Harry asked curiously. "I'm a friend." Nodding to Petunia, Aralia turned to go back to the vehicle, before she was stopped by Petunia's question, "He'll be alright, yes? He'll be safe?" she asked. Nodding, Aralia smiled softly, "Of course." "You swear?" Petunia was demanding to know she was doing the right thing. But she had wanted this for years, for someone, anyone to come and just take him! But now, as she'd signed those papers previously, she could swear she felt Lily watching over her shoulder. Petunia had signed those papers, had signed her Guardianship over her nephew, over to a woman she did not know anything about expect that Aralia was claiming to be James Potter's cousin and was clearly a witch. Nodding to the redhead she allowed them to drive away with her nephew, a smile wide on his face. She had made that boy's life miserable. Now she was miserable as she closed the door. She hadn't said goodbye, she hadn't hugged him, hadn't told him she was sorry. She hadn't said anything expect to not leave a single thing of his in her home. And apparently, he hadn't. "Draco? Are you alright?" Harry asked the sulking boy as he rested his head against the window staring out the window to the car as they headed back to the cottage. "I'll tell you later." Draco muttered sadly. Nodding, and clearly seeing there was something bothering Draco, Harry left it alone for the time as they drove. "There's some pie at the cottage Minerva brought last night, what would you boys like for a late lunch?" "I have no idea actually," "Whatever you want to cook Auntie," Draco muttered, his gaze still on the sites moving by as they drove. Nodding as she looked into the rearview mirror, she softly sighed and glanced to Remus who simply shrugged. "I agree with the boys." he laughed a little and a small shrug. Nodding with another small sigh, Aralia got them home just as the sun was setting. "Alright, Harry go upstairs and find a room, Remus and I will get supper started." she suggested. Harry had rushed from the back seat and to the Trunk as it opened and grabbed his Trunk and walked inside the backdoor into the kitchen. It was a decent size, a large farm under a window overlooking the backyard of the woods they'd driven through, a wide walk through that walked into a short hall, off to the right was a decent sized living area, to the left a small library. Continuing down he saw a half-opened door, looking inside he saw the small but comfortable study. Walking farther down, what he'd likely think would be the front door a light wood staircase walking up towards the rooms. This place may look small on the outside, but the way it was built, it was still amazing. "There's a staircase back in the kitchen also. This is the front end. The back end is the Kitchen." Draco said softly, walking up the stairs. Following up after the blond Harry sighed with curiosity and worry. "Draco, what happened?" "My mother dumped me here because my half-brother tried to kill me." he said blankly. Shaking his head, Harry set his Trunk at the top of the stairs and stopped him from hiding in what he'd assumed was Draco's room, "Wait, he tried to kill you?" Harry asked with shock. Pulling his arm free from Harry's hold Draco sighed roughly, "Yes, three weeks after he got to our home Dagny tried burning me alive in my room as I slept." Draco snapped. "What? Wait, you have a brother?" Harry's brain was not reading catching up with him, Draco was supposed to be the only Malfoy son. Sighing with slight irritation, Draco grabbed Harry's Trunk and walked the belongings to the room across from his then pulled Harry into the newly claimed room and shut the door. "My father has had a mistress on the side of my mother for years, even before his and my mother's marriage, Dagny, my half-brother, was actually born three days before me. So, I am now the youngest Malfoy. Dagny tried burning me alive the night after I asked him what happened to his mother. He claimed her death was his fault and something snapped in his mind. I told my father, but he silenced me and sent me to bed early. I later woke up to fire in my room, I couldn't have even jumped out the window with my Nimbus 2001 to get me out of there!" Draco ranted, and Harry allowed him. After the first month of summer the Malfoy boy had Harry knew he deserved this rant. But as the blond continued about this new family arrival what shocked him most was the news of how Dagny had admitted to his mother's death. "But it was an accident," Harry stated. Clearly the fire hadn't been the boy's fault. "Yes, but the kid went out of his mind after I tried telling him that, as soon as he met my mother, he began to cling to her! She's my mother! I wouldn't have minded if she helped raise him, but as soon as he admitted to his mother's death, he started acting strange, gave me a sort of look that didn't sit well with me. As I said, I shared my concerns with my father, I couldn't get near my mother, Dagny wouldn't leave her side." "So, you think Dagny has targeted your mother?" Harry was worried, was Draco really saying his mother was the one in danger?! Shaking his head Draco sighed, "No, no she's safer with Dagny, I was the one that was targeted. He targeted me because I was a threat, I am her son, like he was his mother's and our father's son." "He wants his mother back?" Nodding to this conclusion that Harry was just no grasping Draco sighed, sitting on the bed next to Harry, his head hung low, "Yes, in any kind of motherly figure he can get. Even if it meant killing the child of that mother, for him to take that child's place." Draco explained. "But that's completely mad! Draco, your mother would never replace you!" Harry clarified. "Exactly why my mother brought me to Aunt Aralia." Draco said. "Why call her aunt?" Harry asked questionably with curiosity. He'd caught the Malfoy boy calling his cousin 'Aunt' in the car ride back here. "Because, even though we are not blood related, she still took me in, signed the papers. She is my temporary guardian until my mother can come get me for a safe environment. She wanted me safe, Aralia, even though they'd only met once before Christmas, was the only one my mother trusted with me." "And why's that?" Harry asked. He was still curious as to why Draco's mother was so easily truthful towards his father's cousin. "Because she knows, somehow, that Aralia will not let my father near me, least of all Dagny." "Yeah, but Draco, what could she do at Hogwarts, what if Dagny is placed in Slytherin?" he asked. It was just a thought. "I don't know, I guess I'll figure it out then." Draco sighed. The two hadn't realized they'd been talking for as long as they had until Remus came knocking on Harry's door, "Ah, there you are. Supper's ready." Remus informed them and held the door open for them both and walked down behind them. The days moved forward, easier. It was easiest for Draco since he had Harry from then on. Apparently Remus had been asked to be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor, this was great, it was amazing for Remus, but the boys didn't know why he hadn't been the Professor beforehand and neither adults were going explain why, because of his condition the boys did not need to know of his illness because of some deranged were-wolf. But Aralia had other things to worry about. The end of July came with just more than just celebration. The full moon was on its way. July 25th, 1993 "How are we going to do this," she asked him. The boys were up in their rooms doing homework, she knew they'd be safe. "Put a charm around the house so I can't get in, we'll have to do this every night. I'll change in the forest-" "I'm going with you-" "No!" he quickly snapped. He was not going to hurt her. But his eyes watched her body shift. The small fox before him at his feet. Snow-white fur and bright, shining blue eyes. Kneeling before her he couldn't help but be slightly mesmerized, never had he seen a Fox Animagus. "I could still hurt you." she was so tiny, her short, little paws, her small body. Her ears were tall, and her tail was longer than her body. As he knelt before her he hadn't expected her to shift back, kneeling before him herself, leveling them both at eye level, "I've been attacked by were-wolves before, Remus, and they'd tried killing me, as long as you take your potion you can control yourself." "That potion only give me so much control, Aralia." Remus warned. "And I've fought up against a were-wolf with no control. You have nothing to worry. I know exactly what I'm getting into and you are not doing this alone. The last time I watched someone go through this alone it nearly killed him." she said softly, walking out the back door and waited for Remus to follow suit. Reluctantly Remus walked out after her, "I already drank it. Is there anything I could possibly say that would change your mind." "No," Aralia simply said, waved her wand a few times at the cottage and the door softly closed and a barrier illuminated around the brick home, Locking it from the inside out. The boys wouldn't be able to leave and no one could get in. It had been a precaution spell the Order had created when Voldemort had begun ransacking homes. Walking out farther into the woods around them she sighed softly at the safe amount of distance they had between them and the cottage. Until she heard the painful pants, grunts and groans from Remus, then a nasty snap and rip of his clothes. "Shit, Remus?" He'd tried speaking to her, but the pain sent him to his hands and knees, hunching his back as he shifted. "Shit," Knowing better than to let his wolfish nature to see her shift into her Fox, she quickly relaxed her body and forced her shift. Unfortunately, she had to huff with annoyance at the dress she was sitting in. "Damn," the sudden whining whimpering of a canine came to her large ears, drawing her attention to Remus, she sat before him, her back straight and in no means looking weak or threatening. Her tall ears were perked with curiosity and her small head tilled, ever so slightly, to the side as she looked at the now were-wolf before her. Letting him slightly crawl the short distance between them and sniff around her, she couldn't help the chill that went up her spin as he ran his cold nose against her back and up to her neck, but the playful shove she had her landing in the dirt rather ungracefully and looking a bit shocked as he huffed at her, "Tension does not suit you… Foxy," He poked playfully at her. Shocked at the animal communication that had just been made had her squirming back to her feet and looking at him with shock. She'd never heard of a were-wolf communicating with any other animal but its own species! "I figured out how to communicate with other animals after James and the other's turned into Animagi, they made these transformation bearable. Sufferable." "And after you lost them you wanted no one there?" she asked with a curious whine. Remus's wolf head nodded, his ears flattening against his head as he rested in the dirt of the woods. "I failed them. Sirius had them believing I was the traitor, it's the only thing I could have thought of as to why they never spoke to me about a safe house." he whined. Unsure of what to say to comfort him, Aralia sat in front of him and placed a soft, fluffy paw to his forehead. "You're not alone now, Remus." He couldn't help it, his tail moved all it's own, swishing back and forth with happiness. Jumping from his spot in the dirt, he playfully nudged her, and snickered at her shocked expression then took off into the woods with her chasing after him. They spent the rest of his transformations like that. Goofing off and having fun. The first Transformation Remus had had in years since his graduation with the rest of the Marauder's together. He'd laughed at Aralia when she playfully scolded him for nicknaming her Foxy. "What, you don't like it?" he'd teased. "I've heard it a few too many times." she informed him. Nodding with understanding, Remus smiled. "Alright, how about Snow?" he asked. Smiling at his attempt she nodded, accepting his attempt. "As long as it's not 'Foxy', I shall be alright. Can I ask you something?" "Anything," "Why are you trying to find a nickname for me?" Shrugging, Remus sighed, "I guess because it's been awhile since I've had a friend. And I feel if I am going to pass you off as James's cousin, that I might as well try to put a personal touch to your…. History." he informed her. "I figured out who you are, Aralia McGonagall..." Remus confessed. But the fear that struck her had him curious. "I spoke to Albus" Remus explained. "The day after we got Harry, you went to Hogwarts." she sighed, remembering he'd gone to see Albus. He must have questioned the Headmaster regarding her. If he could truly trust her. "And he told you?" "He told me what I needed to know. You suffered in your future. A future which is now gone. And apparently so are your belongings you bright with you. I am sorry they have vanished. He also told me that you came back to safeguard Harry. James and Lily would have greatly appreciated that. I appreciate that." he said. "Anyways. Harry's birthday is tomorrow, we shall celebrate." he said calmly. Walking up to his room to rest. They had a big day to get ready for the next morning. July 31rst, 1993 Harry's birthday was spent in his first Happy celebration. Hermione had come to visit, Minerva had come and helped Aralia bake a cake and they had spent the day and half the night enjoying the celebration. Ron had, unfortunately, been unable to make the celebration since he and his family were in Egypt, but they had made plans to meet at the Leaky Cauldron a few days before school started. Their first summer went well, Remus's transformations were bearable once more. However, August's transformation had been one of the bad times he'd have, even with his potion taken he'd still attached himself. Aralia, even as small as she was, had managed to pin him to the ground, an attempt to stop him from harming himself. August 28th, 1993 The Leaky Cauldron Aralia sighed as they got into their rooms, the boys had agreed to share a room, since there was a bed and large sofa, they new they had two places to sleep. Aralia and Remus had gotten their own rooms just down the hall from the boys. They'd been unable to hide their smiles as they watched Ron, Hermione, Harry and Draco reunite after the long summer. Ron told them all about Egypt with excitement showing them the newspaper clippings. Harry and Draco had been confused about going to the Leaky Cauldron a week early. They had no idea that their departure from the Cottage had been due to a rather late-night vista from an Auror. The news he'd informed them of still had Aralia confused. But Remus had insisted they move the boys in the morning. "Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban," Remus wouldn't talk to her about it. The file was sealed, and she couldn't lay hands on it. All she had were words, stories told over the years, stories that were likely lies. But even Severus was aggressive about it. She still remembered how Severus and Remus had almost attacked her in Albus's office. "You never knew him, Aralia! Lupin and I did! That man betrayed them, sent them all to their deaths! A coward because he couldn't face who he truly is! A dead man! A Traitor!" Snape had shouted at her. "You weren't there Sev! How do you, how do any of you, know that Sirius Black turned them over to Voldemort?!" She's snapped. Her arriving in Harry's second year had only changed History from that moment onward, it never changed the pasted before his birth. There was no way Sirius Black could have handed them over to Voldemort. "You're not from the past, Aralia! You from 2296! You don't know Sirius like we do!" Severus shouted with anger. "Yes, and I am telling you that Sirius Black was a part of the Order that fought against Voldemort! He'd have died before he handed his family over to him! He did die for that cause! Tortured to death because he refused to hand over -!" she stopped in her shouting, if she continued with what she was about to say she really could tempt fate and change far more than she ever wanted to. They were confused, she was about to reveille something that she knew she couldn't or shouldn't say. Not that Albus probably didn't know already, but it must have involved one of the two men in his office with them. "Never mind. Believe what you want. But don't think for a moment that I will believe it also. I have no facts, only words and suspicion from people who are accusing him! Did any of you even think to use Veritaserum on him?" she snapped. And she had a point to the last part. Why hadn't they. The answer had been simple. They didn't want to be wrong. They didn't want him to be right about his innocent he'd screamed for years. Until he'd gone silent. Aralia had left Albus's office after that and gone back to the Leaky Cauldron. Remus had kept a close eye on her after that meeting. Constantly watching her from the corner of his eye. More curious about where she was off to. Even when she took the boys to get their school supplies. **** I know, this and the last chapter has probably been boring, I apologize, but it's getting good I promise!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character ocs' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10-18-2019 Chapter 9 Aralia had dropped the kids off at the station with Molly and Arthur, she hadn't had the chance to meet them last year when School had ended but the days leading up to school starting she had enjoyed her time with Molly. Arthur had spoken with Remus, but she couldn't help but notice Harry and Draco hiding under the stairs as the two men spoke, likely about Sirius Black. She worried about what the two were saying. Harry didn't need to hear that another person was rumored to be after him again. And him being just a young teenager, Harry would likely fall under the conclusion it was true. Her mind was brought back to reality at realizing she couldn't find Remus, "Molly? Have you seen Remus?" she asked looking around the mass of people. Students boarding the train and their bags being loaded on. "He said he'd be leaving early this morning to head to Hogwarts," Arthur informed her. Nodding at him, she smiled thankfully. "Right, well at least I know he's alright." "Will you be returning this year to Hogwarts my dear?" Molly asked. "Yes, I'm apart of Security and helping Professor McGonagall and Severus in their classes when they need an assistant in their class." She said with an excited smile. She couldn't keep the kids safe if she wasn't near them. And Albus had completely understood that, then compensated to being allowed on school grounds. Of course, the Ministry was curious, however with their own problems going on as of the moment with searching for Sirius Black they had cared less about her history and simply accepted and given her Licenses to teach as an Assistant. She had, after all, passed their exams, and the positions were open. She had waited at the school and searched for Remus, but could not find him. "The Dementors attacked the train! This is preposterous! My students are no more safer with these creatures around them than they are with Sirius Black out there!" Albus shouted, ranting as he went down the hall, Fudge stalking after him. "They will remain posted far enough from the school Albus, I promise you, but they will stay! I will have Black back in custody! This is the end of this discussion!" Fudge shouted back to Albus. "Cornelius! The only reason I am allowing this is because no one was seriously injured, had Lupin not been on board that train Harry Potter would have been drained of his life!" Shocked and frightened at this, Aralia stormed from her hidden place down the hall and rushed the two men, "What!" Sighing and closing his eyes with irritation, Albus sent a glare to Fudge, "Aralia, please-" "No, what happened to Harry!" "Who are you?" Fudge questioned. "Harry Potter's Guardian, Aralia Potter! Now I'm going to involve myself, what happened!" "Dementors stormed the Hogwarts train, Aralia. Harry is fine, Lupin was with him and the others." Albus sighed, rubbing the headache at his forehead which had begun. "Safe now or not, he was attacked nonetheless! What exactly are we going to do about this?" she demanded. "There is nothing we can do, the Dementors are staying far off Hogwarts grounds to search for Sirius Black. Good night, I believe you all have students to see too, be sure to care for that nephew of yours Mss. Potter." Fudge said as he walked out to his carriage. Grumbling as she glared after the Minister, Aralia huffed. "I'm his cousin," she silently corrected. Not that it mattered. "Come, either way he is right, we have students which need our attention. Lupin is likely already seated." He grumbled and walked towards the great hall. But at finding that she had not moved from her glaring spot after Fudge's vanishing carriage as the front door's closed Albus cleared his throat, "Aralia," he called. Nodding at her walking toward him they walked in together. Down the aisles and to the large table for the Professors. He let Flitwick and his Choir entertain them after they sorted the new students into their Houses while they all ate, then came Albus's speech, welcoming the new students and the new Professors. Then came his warning regarding the Dementors before sending the students to bed. Aralia had congratulated Hagrid, she was proud of him for taking the Position as a teacher. He was perfect for the subject. Hogsmeade Trip As the days moved forward, she found herself quickly cornered by Harry and Draco, both boys holding a piece of parchment in their hands, "Please tell me you haven't gotten a detention already?" she playfully teased. Lightly laughing along with her, both shook their heads. "No, we forgot to ask you to sign these," Harry said, he was filled with hope that she'd sign them. It had completely slipped his mind, plus two more days for Draco and the others to convince him to just ask her. He felt that with this Wizard out after him she may say no. But as she took the Parchment from them and read the form, she smiled, and walked into Minerva's classroom she'd just left and signed the forms. She figured it as the least she could do after the classroom incident he and Draco had gone through with the Bogart and an attempt for Draco to get as far from Dagny as he could. Draco's half-brother had in fact been sorted into Slytherin. "If it makes you both feel better, I've never seen Hogsmeade either." She informed them. This had them confused. If she had attended Hogwarts, surely, she went out to Hogsmeade in her later years. Seeing their confusion and shock, Aralia cleared her throat and felt a bit sheepish, a small blush on her as she went about admitting this, "Never had friends in school." And it wasn't exactly a lie. She never went to school and the only reason she had become friends with the Lestrange siblings was because they felt it was their responsibility to watch out for her as she grew up, after a while they had grown used to her and eventually saw her as their friend. Nodding they smiled as she handed their signed papers back to them, "Enjoy," "Why don't you come with us?" Harry asked. Shaking her head softly she shrugged, "You all have fun without a mother hen looking over you 24/7. I'll go later." She offered, "Promise, I already have an adventure I'm taking." She said with a smile and watched them leave. "You've never been to Hogsmeade?" His sudden appearance had frightened her. Turning to face the owner of the voice she sighed and smiled, "Remus, you scared me." She gasped. A hand over her pounding heart, she wasn't able to fight back the light laugh as she laughed at herself for being so jumpy. She really had gotten too comfortable in this time "Why don't you join me then?" He asked curiously. A bit stunned at his invite she thought about it. "Why not, I suppose it can't hurt." She said with a soft sigh and a gentle nodded. Smiling as he watched her cross her arms over her chest, an attempt to guard herself. It was a familiar action he saw, he did it, and he knew Sirius did it, but Sirius had also used his arrogance and he was also a big playboy. "Why am I getting the feeling that you are not really interested in going to Hogsmeade… With me, that is." He called out. His tone was soft, he wasn't accusing her, he was just making a statement. Laughing a bit nervously, Aralia sighed, a sudden chill rolling over her. The sudden coldness had her rubbing her arms to attempt to warm herself, "No, its-it's not like that, Remus. I just. I don't want to ruin someone's future, someone who has the potential to be happy." He couldn't help it he felt a bit flattered. She thought he had asked as to make it a 'date', "It's not a date Aralia." He gently clarified. "I know, I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to make it sound like I was thinking it was. Um, I'm just jumpy with my own knowledge. I don't want to mess up someone's future, I mean- great..." She sighed as she stumbled over her words. Feeling a bit uncomfortable with the topic, Aralia sighed softly, "I just… I think it's because I feel a sense of 'duty' -" Feeling a bit offended Remus sighed, holding a hand to her, silencing her before she could finish, "Duty?" he sighed glancing away from her. He was confused more than anything. But slightly offended she wasn't letting him closer than he already was, and at the moment it was more like they were mere acquaintances. "You didn't let me finish… I use the word 'duty' because I was raised with the knowledge I was coming back in time whether I liked it or not… Remus, the Elder's practically beat it into me and the others as they trained us, they constantly separated us, even if they'd 'hold me high up' they always put me down when I'd make the smallest mistake… Don't get me wrong, Remus, I want friends here, I want allies and to eventually have a life, but I have to see this through first. I failed so many times in my time, I must not have tried hard enough. I don't want to fail anyone here, least of all Harry, or Draco. I don't want to fail anyone. I've been a failure my whole life. I've messed everything up, I don't want to mess this timeline up. I don't want to be the cause you miss the good things I know you still have a chance in having, and I am so frightened that if I get closer to anyone here I could blow everything to Hell." Sighing with humiliation she covered her face with her hands, "I'm sorry. Sev already gave me a pep talk last year, but I keep getting a nagging feeling in my gut I've ruined something the moment I got here." He couldn't help it, Remus started to lightly laugh at her. For the first time, Remus was looking at her like the person she was. Not only was she kind and sweet, but fierce and skilled, she was also a student who was learning a time that was unknown to her in her history. She was full of worry and fear, constantly worrying about someone else. Laughing a bit harder at her confused and hurt expression at his laughter, he coughed to clear it from himself and quickly grasped ahold of her upper arms, an attempt to keep her from running off, "I'm sorry, truly, I don't mean to laugh, Aralia… Look, you aren't used to being relaxed. You've looked over your shoulder for years in your time. You came back to fix something and now worry about destroying what good came to them in their old past, but you can't make good happen if you stay in the dark. A way of helping make that light is being a part of it when they wish you to be a part of their life and world. We have accepted you… It's time you've accepted us… Now, how about that little adventure?" He'd said it so casually, so sweetly, so wisely. She knew he was right, then again that had been what everyone had told her. What their notes had told them. The Order were not in books of history. They were names and pictures in old journals and notebooks which were safe guarded in Grimmauld place. Smiling, Remus rubbed her arms, feeling her shivers from the cold air as he watched her mentally question herself, "Albus taught you how to use your wand in just a few months, Minerva and Snape taught you how our customs are and other things here in our time. But no one, to my knowledge of hearing things second hand, has taught you how to be yourself here, least of all who you are to be related too. Which is James Potter and his son… and the only way you can learn that is if you learn from someone who knew James Potter." He went on with a grin on his face. Raising an accusing brow to him, she watched him with curiosity as she thought about a few things, "According to Sev, James Potter, and the rest of you Marauders bullied Severus Snape." She accused. Sighing with slight disappointment at that history, Remus nodded with an embarrassing sigh, "Ah, yes, well. I'll get to that later..." He sighed, "Come on," "Where to?" "Hogsmeade… You're learning to have fun… To have a life really." He poked. And he'd stuck to it. Remus showed her around Hogsmeade with pride and excitement. He wasn't surprised they were both exhausted when they'd gotten back to the school. Both said goodnight. Aralia sighed with exhaustion, but she was happy. She'd had fun, as she soaked in the hot water of the bath in the school's bathhouse, staff only, Aralia thought of what Severus had told her last year and what Remus had said to her before he'd rushed her off to Hogsmeade. They were both right. She was not in her time, she was in theirs, she was a part of their time now. It was time she had accepted that she was changing every second of every day just like they were, because just like them, she knew nothing as to what would be around the corner next. Meaning their futures were unknown, even to her. Whatever good or bad happened that her future's time knew was now blank as Teddy Lupin's journal she had. In her deep concentration she had failed to notice a few important things. One, being the black dog hiding in the Bath House, his eyes wide with interest and mesmerized as he watched her relax in her bath. He'd gone to the Bath House after his failed attempt to get into Gryffindor Tower, he had to see Harry, tell him the truth. But his gaze was frozen on the redhead in the bath he'd missed the creature who'd sneaked in, and it was heading straight for the woman. The Dementor that had gotten into the school building was easing its way towards a tortured soul and three, the chilling air that was filling the room and corridor. He hadn't seen the Dementor until it was closing in behind the redhead, and her reaction to the now freezing waters had brought her relaxed state back to reality as she glanced around confused. Until she'd attempted turning to see her surroundings and it had attacked. Her bright blue eyes widened with fright, her lips separating to gasp and or scream, but her scream hadn't come from her until a dark shadow and a snarling bark came from nowhere. Her scream had echoed with terror throughout the school that it had awoken the deep sleeping ghosts. The shadow that side blinded both Aralia and the Dementor was thrown back away from it and into her. Both Aralia and dog fell back into the freezing water. Pain ripped through her arm, chest and stomach from where the dog's nails had cut into her at being thrown against her body. Clawing back up to the surface Aralia gasped for air, panting, gasping and freezing cries leaving her. She'd been snuck up on and attacked by a Dementor, saved by, what she thought was a dog. Her eyes found the advancing Dementor and she froze with fear. The arms which wrapped around her naked body frightened her, even more so when the body the arms belonged to pulled her back under the still freezing water with them, but the act had stopped the creature from advancing any farther after her. Sirius watched from under the water as the Dementor quickly rushed off for a moment. But it wouldn't be gone long, it had likely hidden. Taking the opportunity Sirius pulled them both up to the surface to breath, his hand around her mouth, "Shush, don't be loud. It'll come right back for us." He whispered into her ear, "Look up," he whispered. Terrified at the man now in the water with her, she looked up and her stomach tightened with dread, The Dementor was floating above them, circling like a wild wolf to its prey up a tree. Waiting. "Come on," his voice was soft, silky smooth, as he spoke a different kind of chills ran over her body. But he'd saved her life. Complying with little complaint as he pulled her from the water they stepped around a few obstacles in the Bath House, she was a bit shocked he'd wrapped her towel around her, which had been lying a few feet from them over the chair, then slipped through a passageway in the wall. She had no idea this passageway even existed! Walking through the corridors she could hear several shouts of their school's security and other Professors. But it was Albus's shouts that stunned her, "ARALIA?!" "Albus?" "Shush, I will not be captured by these fools and sent back. My Godson is in danger and I will be dead before I leave that Rat here with him any longer than he has been." Sirius snapped at her. Just because they were in the walls did not mean they couldn't be heard on the other side. Her feet stopping in their fast-paced they both came to a stop. Sirius's hand still firmly holding her own, but she hadn't loosened her hold to his hand either. But she couldn't help the shock she felt as she looked at the man who'd saved her. "Sirius Black?" she whispered with shock, slight fright, and what she could only explain as… Excitement? Her breath catching in her chest as he eyed her, "Yes, and I've heard about you also… Aralia McGonagall..." He stated. She was instantly terrified. He knew. 'He knows?! How!' As if he were reading her thoughts, Sirius grinned. "James never had a cousin, I knew the Potters better than anyone, even Remus. Well, that and I also found my way into Snape's office, he had your file, such a shame though. He doesn't guard your file like he does Lily's Photo in his desk. Which, I was still able to get to." He informed her, a proud smirk on his face. Sirius saw the shimmer of hurt in her blue eyes and he couldn't help but be curious, more so he had a small amount of sympathy for her. "He'll never love you, you know. Severus Snape may see you as a friend, but he'll never love you… Lily was the only one he'd ever love. I'd suggest stopping now before you get hurt." He softly said to her, offering some advice. He found it slightly ironic that the woman Snape loved had fallen in love and married another, but yet there was a beautiful young woman right in front of him and he was careless towards her growing feelings. Sirius couldn't help but feel somewhat jealous. Him, Sirius Black, felt some small amount of jealousy towards Severus Snape. Her chest tightened a bit painfully at Sirius's words. How had he, of all people, notice. Not even Minerva had noticed, and she was the most observational person Aralia knew, besides Albus and Snape. Unless she was just that obvious. But Sirius had called her out, the first person to do so. So, there was no reason to lie about it. "I've already been hurt by someone like Severus, it wouldn't be the first time. But it's not like you'd be any different Sirius Black. I have a general idea as to what your reputation was." She informed him, trying to regain some of her composure, but the memory of Alphrad was not exactly helping. He'd rejected her the night of her attack from the were-wolf, that was why she'd been out at night. Alone. Smirking at her words Sirius almost laughed, "Really, now I'm curious. Care to enlighten me?" he teased. Grinning at his teasing attempt, Aralia rose a brow of interest. "Playboy, womanizer, all 'round prankster." He'd just saved her, and not to mention the Dementor had found its way into the hidden corridor. And they were not paying attention. "You're forgetting alleged murderer, traitor and Voldemort enthusiast." He muttered. Her smile falling at his words, Aralia felt the desire to smack him, she knew he was none of that, but she had no proof. "Of all the things I've heard, of all the things I've read, those are the few things I do not believe, Sirius Black. You loved James Potter more than your own freedom and life, you love Harry more than your beating heart, there is no way in hell you handed them over to him." She was furious as she said the words. For the last month everyone has been telling her she was wrong. But she knew Sirius would have died before having his best friend over to Voldemort. Very curious of this woman now, Sirius inched closer to her, his face mere inches from her own and stared deep into her eyes, she was a strange one. "You don't know me, how could you, of all people, believe I never handed them over to him, even though you are right, how can you possibly believe it." Even if she were right, she never knew him, so why would she think he was innocent? Her eyes never left his, filled with torture, loss, loneliness and selfless determination to succeed in saving someone he loved. "Because a man who is guilty and suffers in Azkaban as you have would have fessed to all of the crimes he committed and would have gone mad in the process. The hell and torture they put you through before sending you to Prison, only an innocent man would have kept to his innocence. … And you, Sirius Black, committed no crime." 'Who the hell is this woman?' Sirius asked himself in wonder, but his thinking was cut short by the frost that covered the walls behind them, "It found us…. We have to go," he breathed with fright. He'd have told her to go towards the nearest exit and used himself as a diversion, however that creature had gone after her first before it had even cared about him, and he was an escapee. So, he had to ask. Why would a Dementor ignore the escaped Prisoner who was clearly in its line of sight and gone for a completely innocent woman? She had no criminal history to his knowledge, but he also knew that Minerva's only other children were fully grown with their own children. All she shared with Minerva was her last name. She looked nothing like his teacher. Not that he could compare. But he'd have to think of that later. Rounding a corner, he looked into the empty corridor before dashing from the hidden passageway. "You are safe from that thing, unfortunately I am not -" "Whomping Willow." She quickly said. It was the only place she could think of that may keep him safe from the Dementor's and anyone else. Taken aback by her sudden idea outburst, Sirius stopped them in their fleeing pace. "The Whomping Willow? How will that help me?" "It'll keep the Dementors away from you for a time, no one goes near that thing. At least I don't think anyone does. Remus has used the Shrieking Shack lately for his transformations -" "Wait, you know, about Moony?" now he was curious, and worried. She knew about Remus's condition. He was trusting her with his secret? This didn't sound like Remus at all. The man guarded his secret like is own heart. "Will you shut up. I'm trying to help you!" Aralia snapped. She was terrified that thing was just about to peek around the corner at any minute. Or worse, the Professors and Security staff. "Go to the Whomping Willow. I'll meet you there. In an hour… Maybe two..." She corrected herself. Because what she was going to do was going to give him the opportunity to run. "When I scream, you need to run, I don't care how you feel Sirius Black, you run, get to the tree… I will be there before the night is over." He was baffled. She was helping him? And she didn't even know him! "Why are you doing this?" There was no more time. The Corridor filled with cold air, their breaths puffed out in front of them, the Dementor had caught up, Shoving Sirius back from her she continued to shove him down the hall, he was still baffled his brain was not processing the danger of the Dementor. Until she let loose the most terrifying scream ever when the creature came around the corner, "What the hell are you doing -" SLAP! "Run!" she scolded him. Taken by shock, Sirius's eyes danced between her and the creature. She was screaming to get the Dementor's attention. She knew it would go for her first. She was creating a diversion for him to get away, but also by her screaming like she was she was drawing the attention of the others currently searching for her in the first place. Turning on his heels, Sirius Black ran with all the energy he had left with an added push of adrenaline, making it out of the school. But he couldn't get her screams from his mind, least of all when she had screamed bloody murder for Remus and Snape. Their hearts where in a panic, their stomachs knotting with terror as Aralia's screams echoed through the school. She was likely scaring the shit out of everyone. The students were currently in the Great Hall. a few teachers had stayed to watch over them in case Sirius Black came around, or one of the Dementors. But they were supposed to stay outside of the school. They knew that! Rounding the corner, they froze with shock and fright at not only the state she was in but the fact that it was a Dementor, not Sirius Black. Aralia felt relief for a mere moment when they'd came around the corner, "Remus!" Trying to run towards them she was shocked at being thrown sideways into the hard wall then hitting the floor with a nasty thud. A freezing cold and viciously strong hand grabbed her shoulder, turning her to face the Dementor, "SEV!" A flash of bright light and several screams of Expecto Patronum filled the halls. The blast of light had the Dementor fleeing with a painful screech. Rushing to her fallen side, Remus and Severus pulled her into their hold, both looking her over as she shook with terror and almost frozen like death. She was as white as a sheet, whether it was from the chill of the Dementor or her fear they didn't know. "Dear God, Aralia. Wh-what happened? How did you get these cuts on you!" Minerva shouted with fright at the woman's wounds, she could care less about her state of cover, at least she'd been covered! "Not now Minerva!" Albus shouted with rage. Not at her, but the Dementors. Slipping his outer robe from his shoulders Albus quickly wrapped his warm robe around her, "Remus, Severus, get her to Poppy, now!" he snapped. "Minerva, head back to the students, let them all be aware everything is alright now. I want the rest of us on high alert." He snapped as he stalked off. Albus Dumbledore was in a rage. For the first time in years, Minerva hadn't seen him this angry. The Dementor had attacked Aralia while she'd been unarmed an off her guard. It had no need to be inside the Castle. Least of all going after one of their own Staff members. But all of their thoughts were directed to the thought, "What if this had been a student?" Lifting Aralia into his arms Remus continued to think on her bleeding wounds. They looked like claws. Severus had his wand drawn, at the ready the entire trip to the Hospital wing. "Aralia, who attacked you." He questioned softly. Her heart pounding in her chest she glanced between Remus and Severus's confused expression. Now he too was noticing the cuts on her were likely not from the Dementor. "Dementor," She answered softly and short. Her stomach knotted at the thought of them coming to the conclusion that Sirius had still been in the school. And if they figured that out, they'd question her until she accidentally gave up his location. But she knew she couldn't, she wouldn't let them have Sirius. He was innocent. And it appeared that she was the only one aside from Sirius himself who believed that. Raising their brows curiously at her, the two Professors shared a disbelieved glance. "Dementor's don't leave claw marks, Aralia. They leave small, nail like cuts." Remus informed her. He knew that she knew he didn't believe her. Even Severus didn't believe her. But she wasn't lying, the Dementor had attacked her. Sirius had only wounded her because he'd been thrown into her body. But they wouldn't believe her because she knew what they were talking about. The cuts on her arm, stomach and across her chest under her right collar bone were each in two or three claw like cuts. The bruises on her upper arm and shoulder were from the Dementor's cold grasp. "Enough Lupin, she needs medical attention. We can speak to her of this later." Snape scolded. Even if he wanted to know himself what had happened, he knew Aralia needed her wounds looked after first. She was not a suspect. She was a victim of this attack. Sighing as he walked into the Hospital Wing, Remus set Aralia onto a cot and walked off to get Poppy. Leaving Snape with the wounded redhead. Resting into the cot, Aralia sighed with relief of being safe from the Dementor. "Who caused the wounds, Aralia." Snape softly questioned. He hadn't taken a seat, he'd remained standing, staring down at the woman trying to relax. "It doesn't matter Severus, I'm alright." "No, you're clearly missing the point, Aralia. You have cuts on you which may leave scars." "Light scars possibly, but they wouldn't be the first I've had. I'm fine Severus. Thanks to all of you." 'And Sirius,' but she wasn't going to tell him that. Doors burst open with a frantic woman walking in, Remus trying to keep up on her heels. Poppy stopped next to her bedside and sighed with a shake of her head. "Aralia, I swear, if you really weren't Potter's relative, I'd give a good gander to thinking you were his sister. Those boys were in and out of here like nothing. I even had a cot for them specifically." She huffed, going on about several of the boy's injuries that she could remember. She was a bit shocked at hearing about the Bludger James had taken for Sirius. All Aralia could do was listen to the woman ranting. Severus and Remus had decided to let the women be while Poppy worked on healing Aralia's wounds. But they both had the same thought as they left the Hospital Wing. "Sirius Black," they both said his name in unison sharing a bit of an annoyed expression with one another before they nodded. Rolling his eyes, Severus started his way back to his personal quarters, "Goodnight, Professor." "Same to you, Snape." Remus offered in return. Both going their separate ways for the night. *** Thank you for reading! I hope you've enjoyed! Have a good day/night!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have the first one! :) Okay, I have a feeling in the first chapters some people may have gotten someone confused with another person, McClaggen is not the same as 'McLaggen' from HP that had the crazy eyes for Hermione in 6. So, don't freak out or think his future descendant went off the deep end of sanity LMAO. I know I should have put that clarification in there earlier, but I just now realized that XD. ENJOY THE CHAPTER! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10/2019 Chapter 10 It had taken Aralia a few hours to get out of the school. First was because Poppy hadn't left her side, the second, Albus had come to see her and collected his robe, a robe she had told him she'd replace considering her blood stained the fabric, the fabric she knew blood had very little likelihood of coming out of. All because her mother's dress had been made of the same material. They'd been forced to burn the dress because it had been drenched in blood. But at the moment she had a hungry and dirty person in deep need of food, a bath, and a toothbrush. Mainly food. The few things for hygiene she was currently bringing him was just an extra thought she assumed he may like. Then again, she seriously overestimated her tiny body and underestimated the large bag she had currently sliding over her back… And currently dragging behind her. Unfortunately, as soon as she'd attempted to walk down the tunnel the bag slipped under her and swept her short legs up, causing her to yip with slight shock and slid down the tunnel. Sadly, to her embarrassment, it hadn't ended there. Instead of thinking to turn back into a human, Aralia's tiny fox legs were wiggling in the air trying to get herself out of the bag's loops. Sirius couldn't help his dog-like laughter as he watched. It was like he was hearing the famous words, "Help! I'm a turtle and I can't get up!" The thought had him almost rolling. Irritated at the dog-like laughter she was hearing, Aralia yipped at him, "You jerk! Stop laughing at me and help me!" "Turn into a human then." He playfully yipped at her as he walked over, nosed her front arms out of the bag's loop and gently grabbed ahold of her tail as he eased her off the bag. Shifting back into his human nature he grinned at her tiny body. "Aralia?" Sitting on her butt Aralia tilted her head with curiosity as she looked up to the now human Sirius and nodded. He couldn't help it, his hand had moved all it's own and gently petted the top of Aralia's small Fox like head, she was so adorable he hadn't realized he was even doing it. Her long ears were so soft. That was until he took notice of her glare and twitching eye, "Sorry," Transforming back into her human form she sighed and handed him the bag. "Food, water, some cleaning cloths and because I assumed, you'd like it, a toothbrush." She muttered, a small blush on her cheeks. Smiling at her kindness Sirius felt a part of his return to him. Something he'd lost when he'd lost Lily and James, worse when Remus had left him to the torture of the authorities. "Are you sure you aren't related to Lily?" "Positive..." She clarified. "You have no idea who I'm speaking of, do you?" He questioned with a grin. Sighing she rested against the rough bark of the tree's tunnel, "Harry's mother, and I assure you, I am in no way related to Petunia nor Lily. And you were right, I'm not even related to Harry." "Then who are you?" He asked again as he ate the bread and cheese, she'd brought him. The water was like sweet wine to him. He'd forgotten what fresh food and water had tasted like. This woman had to be some kind of angel. She had even brought him a blanket. "I am Minerva's descendant. I don't see any point in lying to you. To the point of things, I really like the idea of not being torn into." she admitted. Her words had Sirius coughing, although, it could have been from him eating too much too fast and getting caught in his throat painfully. Feeling her pat his back as the clumped food finally went down, he coughed. "Take it easy Sirius." She soothed, handing him the magically refilled container of water for him. Taking the moment to regather himself from the episode, Sirius sighed at the warmth of her hand against his back gave him. He'd been cold for years. His skin had been clammy and cold only days after he'd been locked up. "To answer a few unasked questions, and before you take another bite, let me get this out of the way. I was born 300 years in the future. Yes, just take it in and believe it, I have no more proof, it's all gone, none of it exists anymore but it's true. My name is exactly what you said it was but I'm not her child, not even her grandchild." And from there she quickly explained a few things. Even describing a few things from his family home. Even his mother's screaming portrait and a few things about himself that she'd gotten from his brother. "Trust me, he's a talker when he likes you… He hated Al, those two could go at it all day if you'd let them." "But yet he liked you?" Sirius questioned with a small grin. "Of course, I let him talk… He loved you, you know. In the end, he really died trying to save you from having to face him." She said softly. The environment had turned into a heavy coat of cold reality. "He regretted not choosing you." Sighing sadly, Sirius's head hung with sorrow, "I know he loved me, I loved him too. But I was the eldest, and I didn't guard him. I left, and I left him there in that place with them." He said softly. His appetite gone Sirius moved for the cleaning clothes and without thought, began to remove his shirt to clean the grime from his skin. Her face burned with a blush at him, he was removing his clothes right in front of her. She knew she should close her eyes, but she couldn't look away. The tattoos that littered his body from his time in Azkaban stunned her. After Voldemort had taken control, he'd destroyed the Prison, releasing all his followers and killing any who refused him. However, that had been little to none who'd refused his offer. All she had to go off of were old newspaper clippings of the breakout then the destruction of the remote Prison. Finally, able to look away she moved from her place she'd taken next to him and turned her back to him, an attempt to hide her embarrassment for looking. Even when he was skin and bones and dirty beyond belief, he was still, somehow, be charming, it was probably his devotion to his Godson. The way he'd spoken about James and Lily and his brother. Clearing her throat, she pulled her fall robe over her shoulders tightly. "I, um, I should be gone. Just don't try sneaking into the Castle again, okay. It's not safe." "I cannot leave Harry in there with Pettigrew, that Rat will be caught, and I will be rid of him." Sirius snapped. He hadn't taken notice of her embarrassment as he looked at the nasty clothes that he'd cleaned his upper body with thus far. Confused, she looked over her shoulder to him. Now he had her attention, "Pettigrew?" Snidely puffing at her question Sirius shook his head, "I thought you were from the future, future 300." Sirius couldn't help it. The words left him like a rude remark. He'd soon learn to regret it. Turning to face him full force, Aralia huffed at his rudeness. "Just because I'm from the future Sirius Black does not mean I know everything! I had very little knowledge about coming back to her aside from the journal I had, which is now erased of that future, meaning my presents here in this time has changed everything! I know just as much of what will happen tomorrow as you do! I'll bring you food, the canteen is magically refilled when it gets empty. You'll have fresh water while in hiding and the blanket should keep you warm even during Winter if you find yourself having to hide that long. However, I'd suggest you not attempt to re-enter the school just yet. You're attempting to enter the Dorms have everyone on the lookout, that Dementor inside the building was likely there for you, then it found me. And if you want to know why it came for me and ignored you, I'll give you a simple answer. A dementor goes after a soul who's seen devastation and torture in their lives, a real terror that very little people may believe in. You may be an escapee Black but dementors are cold, cruel and simple-minded when it comes to tortured souls. They don't care if you're guilty or innocent. They will attack you. Goodnight." And with that she'd swiftly dashed up and out of the Whomping Willow, rushing back to the school. The run was lovely. It was relaxing and calming. Finally, back in her room, Aralia rested against her door sadly. She regretted snapping at Sirius as she had. But his snide remark had gotten to her, like a burn to her scars. She barely slept that night or the many nights after that. As Fall turned to Winter Draco found himself being Tormented by Dagny and the rest of Slytherin House, or at least those who used to follow behind him the previous two years. Draco's arm was not only aching from the weather's coldness, but his wound had also healed into a scar from when Dagny had shoved Draco into Harry and Buck Beak at the start of school. Buck Beak had been startled and frightened, causing him to rear up, his front Talen had caught Draco's arm, though he'd been happy it hadn't been his face. Dagny had claimed that the Hippogriff had attacked out of the pure will and Buck Beak had been sentenced to death at his Trial. Aralia had not been happy about the situation in the least! But none of the Professors had witnessed the encounter. Hagrid, to his breaking heart, had turned his back for only a few minutes only to return to the scene. The boy was pain and menace. Dagny had been given detention after slugging Draco a vicious left hook. The bruised and busted lip had not been the last of it. The boy was so violent towards Draco that Aralia had begged Albus to do something, even Snape was trying to figure out how to help Draco. Harry had even gotten into a fight or two with the older Malfoy boy. Even after he'd cornered Hermione in the halls. The girl had been so frightened Draco had pounced on his half-brother. The damage both boys had done to the other had nearly been causing for expulsion. Lucius had been summoned to the school with his wife to find a way to remedy this issue. Aralia and the others had offered Draco being moved to his own room or at least allowed to room in a different house. However, that would require a whole new arrangement. "Change houses! You can't change a student's house!" "No. To my knowledge, once you are sorted you cannot be re-sorted. However, we could always request the Sorting Hat's opinion." Albus stated. Resting back in his seat. "Dagny is violent, only towards Draco to our knowledge, the only reason he's lashed out towards the other's is to get a rise out of your youngest, Lucius. And I'd like to know why. I can agree that all of us teachers would like to avoid the option of Expulsion." Snape said plainly. "Expulsions!" Lucius sneered towards Snape. He was infuriated! His son, expelled from Hogwarts!? "This is preposterous!" Having enough of Lucius, Albus stood from his seat, "With Dagny constantly getting in fights with Draco we can only give the boys so many detentions before we are forced to expel that student or students. Dagny is a very bright young man Lucius Malfoy. However, he needs mental stability! Something he does not have with Draco near him in the Dorms. These fights occur mainly in the Slytherin Common-Room. Draco is in constant trouble with Dagny near him, both boys always get into fights and I can tell you this, it is not Draco's doing in these fights starting but once!" Albus snapped. His sudden anger had Lucius's arrogance resting back in his chair, wide eyes at being shouted at by the Headmaster. His previous Headmaster when he'd once attended School. "Yes, well. Wha-What would you suggest?" he stuttered. "We ask the Sorting Hat," Narcissa said. "It's the only thing Albus can think of Dear. We should trust in the Headmaster to know what is best for our sons while away at school." She gently said. "Away at school?" Lucius said with anger towards his wife. Turning to look at his wife's eyes he huffed with anger, "You handed custody of my son, our youngest son, over to a Potter! The only Son you are concerned about a woman is your own!" He snapped. Standing from his chair Lucius took in a deep breath as he turned his angry eyes towards Albus and Snape. "Fine. Ask the damn Hat. However, I'll have no part in this. In truth, I think Draco should take it like a man. It's the only way he'll ever get stronger!" Lucius stated before turning on his heels and walking towards the door, "I'll see you at home… Wife." His words were cold and sharp. "Narcissa -" Raising her hand to silence the few trying to speak to her with worry, she shook her head sadly as she stood and took in a calming breath. "No, don't Aralia. Severus, close that mouth of yours. Professor Dumbledore, I will leave the care of Draco in Aralia's hands. I trust you will make the right decisions. Have a lovely night." She said softly and followed after her fleeing husband. "Well… That was a disaster." Aralia huffed. "Actually, that was much better than I thought it would have been," Albus admitted sadly, sitting back in his seat he looked to Aralia as she stared off in the direction Narcissa had left in. She was filled with fear for the woman. "Severus gathers the Sorting Hat. We shall ask for his advice." He sighed softly. However, as they'd explained the situation to the Sorting Hat, he 'hm' ed' and 'oh's'. Glancing to the redhead he smirked. "I can fix this Dorm problem. However, I ask one thing of you." Sharing a curious and confused glance with one another the Professors looked back to the Sorting Hat, waiting for him to continue. "Allow me to see you, your mind, what house you'd have been in. I've been cheated on your mind, Witch. Your time has vanished. However, you are not truly a part of this time either. In this, we surely have a bit of a problem." "You wish to sort an adult?" Snape questioned. "But you're saying you can solve the Dorm issues if I let you, right?" Aralia was ignoring Snape and Albus as they tried speaking with the Hat and her. They were non-existent to her ears as the Hat nodded to her. "Done, just help Draco." "Then sit and someone, fetch me the boy." The Hat demanded, nodding to the seat and glancing at Severus whose brow rose with curiosity, sharing a glance with the Headmaster. Getting the nod from Albus, Severus sighed and headed to gather Draco. It was late as it was, and this couldn't have waited until morning? Sitting in Narcissa's previous seat, Aralia took a breath as Albus gently rested the Hat on top of her head and they waited as the Hat calculated. His hm's and Oh's had them wanting to chew their nails! The Hat carried on his thinking for a few more minutes. "I cannot decide. For the first time, I am at an impasse. I cannot say if you are Hufflepuff or Gryffindor. You have me stumped my dear. However, your honesty to not lie to those you wish to trust has me wanting to lean towards Hufflepuff, though with the Lion standing beside the Badger I cannot see what is more a common trait. Both are equal." He said, his tone was deep in thought as he searched her. "Your future was dark, bravery was a factor forced into your soul, but courage was born into your heart. You are loyal, daring, brave and kind, committed to your duty which was forced onto your soft heart. But I see twist upon twist in your new future. Two heartbeats, the same soul but different lives, this life, and a new path. Fate shall surely be playing with you, Aralia McGonagall." Confused, Albus sat against his table before the Hat and Aralia, "How so?" "She was not born of this time. Her history has now become her doom. But her doom shall give her a time to be a part of. Her soul shall loop thrice Albus Dumbledore. With different eyes though she may have, but our sweet Aralia she shall remain." "Repeat thrice?" Aralia was confused. How would her soul loop thrice? "Your time is the first, now it is no more, this time now has been made into your travel, a chariot towards a life you have yet to have. However, I warn, if you fail it shall be the fall of everything you've tried so hard to accomplish and thrice shall never happen, we shall fall into a world of darkness." Now terrified and curious, Albus took in a deep breath of worry, "And if she succeeds?" "Therein lies the thrice my friend. If she succeeds, Fate shall set in stone a time for her to claim as her own. And what a life it shall be. I look forward to seeing you again my dear. But I shall say this, and try to remember this, I do hate to repeat myself. With bright blue eyes and emerald skies, your boys shall once more be yours to hold, but be warned, you must fight to keep what's yours." He said softly before turning his attention towards the door, he and Albus watched Severus walk in with a half-asleep Draco in front of him. "Boy! Wake up, I need your alertness, take a seat." The Hat snapped. Being snapped at, Draco's head shot up straight and looked around the office, "What-what? What's going on?" he yawed. He grew more confused as his eyes found the Sorting Hat being lifted off Aralia's red hair. 'What the heck?' "Draco, please, sit," Albus said calmly to the boy as Aralia moved from the chair sitting in the next available seat. The Sorting Hat's words worried her. Would she fail in saving Harry? In truth, all she had to accomplish was keeping the boy alive past his fourth year, and after that if she had too. But the knotting in her stomach had continued to knot as the Hat's words echoed through her mind. 'Bright blue eyes and Emerald skies'? 'Your boys shall once more be yours to hold, but be warned, you must fight to keep what is yours'? But as she thought about the Sorting Hat's words, Draco had taken his seat and observed with confusion as Albus set the Hat back on top of his head. "Hm, I see change, difficulties, and destiny... She has changed much my friend. I fear too much." The Sorting Hat sighed sadly. "What's going on?" Draco asked. "What's happened?" Albus asked with soft worry, removing the hat from the boy's blonde head. "Gryffindor, my friend." Was all the Hat said to Albus before falling asleep? Sighing, Albus nodded. "Then so shall it be. Draco, your things will be moved in the morning. Return to bed, Aralia walk the boy to Gryffindor tower, will you my dear?" Albus asked the redhead. Though as she nodded to the Headmaster it looked as though she too were still in deep thought. "Come with me Draco." She said softly and walked the boy from the Headmaster's office. Gryffindor Tower "Hey, Harry? Was that bed there before?" Neville asked curiously as he walked back in form brushing his teeth. It was late as it was, Neville was usually the first in bed. But he didn't remember seeing an empty bed between Ron's and Seamus's beds had him confused. Looking up from their current tasks of homework the boys glanced around the room and found they too were confused. "Uh, no, no that bed was definitely not there before… that's weird." "That's because you have a transfer to Gryffindor." "Professor Aralia!" a collection of boys called with terror at being startled. A woman had spoken so suddenly from the door that the boys had nearly come out of their beds, or P.J's. "What are you doing here?" Harry asked, a smile on his face. The last few days he'd barely gotten to see her. Apparently, she'd been on a strict watch list after she'd been attacked by the Dementor. However, the tired blond next to her worried them. Draco had been having issues with "Because of certain circumstances, the Sorting Hat found it proper and necessary to move Draco Malfoy from Slytherin to Gryffindor here he'd have less of a 'backlash' to put it nicely," Aralia said gently easing a swaying Draco into the room and walked the boy to the bed next to Ron and Seamus and tucked him in. "He's exhausted, so let him rest. He's things will be brought tomorrow." She said softly, dimming the candlelight with a soft wave of her hand. "It's late, finish what you can for the night then head to bed, all of you." Aralia softly ordered, hugging Harry and left. "That's your cousin Potter?" one of the boys asked with shock. They hadn't exactly taken in the woman's appearance. She had somewhat been MIA lately. "Yep. That's my cousin..." He said, glancing towards the one who'd questioned him, he held a small laugh, "Hey, keep the thoughts to yourself, she's my dad's cousin." Harry laughed putting his stuff away. Glancing out the window Harry sighed. The snow was starting to set. Winter was officially there. *** Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it! I hope you saw some of the cookie trails I left.
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Welcome back, readers! I hope you enjoy this one as much as you have! :) Okay, I have a feeling in the first few chapters some people may have gotten someone confused with another person, McClaggen is not the same as 'McLaggen' from HP that had the crazy eyes for Hermione in 6. So, don't freak out or think his future descendant went off the deep end of sanity LMAO. I know I should have put that clarification in there earlier, but I just now realized that XD. ENJOY THE CHAPTER! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being apart of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10/2019 Chapter 11 Harry, Ron, and Neville couldn't help but crowded around Draco's bed that morning as the boy yawned awake. However, they'd startled him at peering at him and circling his bed. "Can I help you?" He questioned with concern and confusion. "What happened?" Ron asked with worry. "I was moved houses, Weasley. Aunt Aria asked for something to be done-" "No mate, he's askin' 'bout your lip," Seamus asked walking over. He too was concerned. Confused and forgetting about last night Draco placed a hand to his lip, instantly he felt pain and the memories of the incident and the headache he'd gotten in the process as well, had come back doubled. Groaning softly, Draco rested back in bed. "Dagny got me again," he muttered. "Again?!" Harry snapped. "Harry, my head is throbbing, please, soft words," Draco said sighing and turned onto his side. "Draco, that brother of yours is trying to kill you. Did you even go to Pomfrey last night?" Neville spoke up with worry. Yes, the Malfoy blond had been particularly harsh with his torment the first two years of school, however, Dagny was worse, and Draco had stood up for him. Telling his older brother that his jokes and pranks were too much to be considered jokes and pranks. That had been yesterday at Breakfast. "Did he - did Dagny do that last night because you stood up for me?" Neville asked feeling guilty and responsible. Hearing the boy's worry and the guilt of it being that, Draco peeked over his shoulder to Neville with a raised brow. "Well, it was a factor, Longbottom. Don't worry about it. If it hadn't been that I'm sure he'd have found his own excuse to do it for something else, he always does." "Come on Draco, we have to get ready for classes. Your new robes are on your trunk. Your things got here early this morning." Harry said patting the boys' bed frame and walked away, "We're going to Hogsmeade tomorrow by the way." he informed him with a smile. "Hopefully it helps make the day better." The day went about normal. Well, as normal as classes went. The rest was questioning glances from other students. Even Hermione was confused, Ginny had asked him what had happened, and the twins had asked him why he was in their tower. Draco had spent most of the day re-explaining he'd been moved from his house and re-placed in Gryffindor. When asked why Draco would simply shrug and told them he didn't know. To his shock, he hadn't had one person treat him as if he were a leper and the weekend came fast. They had taken Harry's father's invisibility cloak that Draco had now realized had been his and the other two's main ability to sneak around their first two years. They had brought the cloak so they could sneak closer towards the Shrieking Shack. But their fun and games were not to last. Walking through Hogsmeade the group laughed and joked around, but the sudden appearance of Minerva and Cornelius Fudge with Hagrid at Rosemerta's Pub had them shocked. They were speechless when Rosemerta was shocked and confused at hearing Harry's name in the grouping with Sirius Black. This had led the boy to down the Invisibility cloak and leaving the three out in the cold as he followed in behind those who were clearly speaking about him, regarding his link to Sirius Black. And the things he heard, the truths he found out, left him angry. a) Sirius Black was his Godfather and the reason behind his parent's deaths, b) Aralia wasn't truly his family. He was shocked that the later hurt more than the first. He was angry of course, but it didn't hurt as much as he'd thought it would, however, it hadn't stopped the process of tearing into his bleeding heart. All he could do when they had found him was cry into Hermione's arms. Harry James Potter had been lied to, given false hopes, and now his godfather was apparently after his life. "Harry, what happened?" Draco asked after a while. Harry had stopped his cries and he'd taken the remaining quietness as the time to reclaim his calm self. But He, Hermione and Ron couldn't help him if they didn't know what had happened to cause him to go into a total meltdown. "I hope he finds me. He was their friend and he betrayed them. When he finds me I'll kill him. To top this off, Aralia -" "Harry! There you are, dear God you scared me!" Aralia shouted with worry as she ran over the top of the steep hill and gently skidded down with the snow to prevent her from falling. She'd been worried when Dagny had run by her muttering about someone paying for what they'd done. He and the other three boys had been covered in snow, however, the slightly bleeding nose Dagny had was worrisome. She knew immediately who he was talking about. She had to make sure they were alright. Especially after the boy had cornered Hermione just to get a rise out of the boys. She was relieved to find them alright. Still angry, Harry immediately jumped from the rock he was sitting on and shuffled away from her. "Don't! You stay away from me!" he shouted. His sudden outburst had her startled, "I'm confused, but okay. What the heck happened?" she asked glancing around to the others as well, hoping someone would have an answer. Huffing from anger Harry almost laughed at her, she couldn't have actually believed he'd have lived his whole life with a lie, could she? Was she really that dim!? She'd lied to him from the start! "I heard what they said. Fudge found out, actually took the time to dig is what he said. Before 1992 Aralia Potter never existed. Who the hell are you!" Now seeing what was going on she couldn't stop her jaw from clenching with fright and slight anger. How the hell did he find out! More importantly when? He clearly just found out this day while on his trip, however, none of his friends knew this, only Minerva and a few others. Even Hagrid didn't even know. "Look, Harry -" "NO! No more lies!" He shouted. Sighing, Aralia nodded. She truly understood why he was so angry… He must have overheard something. And all she could think of was that Fudge had likely cornered Minerva when she'd gone to see Rosmerta this evening. "You're right, I'm not your cousin. But I am not here to cause harm, I'm trying to help you, Harry. You have to believe me, please." Aralia softly begged him. For one whole year, he'd been able to live that lie of being James Potter's cousin. "I wanted to believe you last year Aralia, and I did. But I can't - I can't believe this, I don't want too. You lied to me… Why?" She really didn't want to tell him that, but how the hell was she supposed to explain her sudden existence?! "I'm not James Potter's Cousin… But I am here to help you… I'm McGonagall's descended. My birth was unrecorded." "So, that would explain why you never came to Hogwarts?" Draco asked. He too was angry, but Harry had been the one lied too. Nodding to something that was not truly true but also not a lie. Her birth had been unrecorded in her time and she had never gone to Hogwarts as a student. "I was schooled from home. Minerva never even knew I existed." again, also true. "And that necklace we found on you, the one I gave to Professor McGonagall. What was it?" Ron asked curiously. He'd been curious about that. And it had been destroyed so he was unable to truly describe it to his brothers or either of his parents. 'Crap… So, I didn't lose it after all.' Taking a breath, Aralia looked up at the snow coming down. "It's called a time turner," she said softly in defeat. Hermione was in right now, "A time turner! And you let us interact with you!" she shouted. Clearly, this bothered her. "Yes, it was a Time-Turner. It was likely destroyed when I arrived," She admitted. She couldn't face them now, she'd been caught, again, and now it seemed she was going to have to explain a few more things. "What's so important about that?" Harry asked curiously. "A person wielding a Time-Turner is not meant to interact or be seen by anyone, not even themselves! Awful things happen to them, Time is already altered as it is when you travel back in time to change even the smallest of things! Her speaking with us, being seen by us, it's changed everything! She's likely ruined our futures as it is!" Hermione screeched. "I saved your lives! Don't judge someone's accidental stumbling's as purposeful mischief Hermione Granger!" Aralia scolded the young witch. "Hang on, calm down!" Draco shouted. "If she isn't supposed to be interacting with us, and not meant to come back to a time she already exists then why haven't we ran into two of her. There's one address for her, and Harry and I live with her, she acts the same and she doesn't have a double. So, my question is -" "Where's the double?" Ron asked, catching onto what Draco was saying, and it was a rather good question. Now he too wondered where the double of Aralia was. Scrunching her brow in thought Hermione began to fill with fear, she had figured it out as she stared in wide shock at the redhead. "Because there is no double… How far?" her voice was now a small whisper. This couldn't be happening. "300 Years." Aralia sighed her confession. Her bright blue eyes filling with fear and dread at what was going to happen next. Harry and Draco now had nowhere to go. "So, wait… you tell us, that you came back in time 300 years from the future to change something?" Hermione asked. Now he was getting upset once more. "Yes, I can't tell you everything, like you said things have been messed up enough, but I came back to keep you all safe, and I intend to see it through." Harry's body grew cold with fright. Hermione had said something about severe consequences about meddling this much with time, what would her price be. If she came back to change something, what was it? She'd said she came back to keep them safe, from what or who. "Hermione? You said something about consequences, how severe are we talking?" Her own chest tightening with fear, not for what their futures would be, or what they had been, but what Aralia would have to face. "Best case, death." "Worst case?" Ron asked, a small squeak of fear. His eyes misting over a bit. He couldn't believe this was happening. "Worse case I vanish, and my future never happens, but it could be worse, much more could change, and it could be for the worst," Aralia explained. "And you're alright with this!" Harry yelled, his chest heaving with emotional pain, shivering from the fear, the cold seeping in through his clothes. "Yes. Yes, I am alright with that. I knew this journey wouldn't have ended with a Happily Ever After for me Harry." She explained to him. Her heart never once ached for herself. She knew the consequences when turning back time and meddling with it extensively. However, the Sorting Hat had given her a deeper warning regarding this. It was another reason why she was no longer worried about her own life. Once Harry's fourth year passed and he survived anything could happen. Even her death. "I'm not… You're all I have left -" "And here I thought you were wanting nothing to do with me." She sadly admitted. "I never wanted to lie to you Harry, but it was a plan set in motion before I had any say. The idea was to get you in a magically safe environment. Your Aunt and Uncle had kept you safe, unknowingly, for twelve years. But even they wouldn't have been spared if you'd have been found." "So, moving me, pretending to be my father's cousin, was all a plan against your knowledge to not only keep me safe but to save them in case I was found?" Harry asked. Seeing her nod Harry nodded in return. "Don't think I'm still not upset. I'm staying at school for the Winter break." He stated. Understanding his wish to have distance she nodded. "You four be safe getting to the school. It's getting dark out." Aralia smiled softly and walked away. Getting up and over the hill, she headed away from the Shrieking Shack. Her eyes caught the sight of Sirius 's Animagus, for a moment she was confused and thinking it was just a random dog. However, at its nod towards her to follow after it. That had grasped her attention. She hadn't realized she'd followed him until his dog-like body was standing on its hind legs and shifted easily into a human. Still looking a bit rugged, though, she would admit that he no longer looked like skin and bones. "I heard the conversation. I'm sorry Aralia." He sighed. Shaking her head sadly she took a breath, an attempt to keep herself grounded, however, it was not happening. "It doesn't matter. He was going to find out eventually. I wouldn't have been able to lie to him like that forever." Confused, Sirius watched her reaction, "You mean you were eventually going to tell him?" "Yes, I knew I wouldn't be able to keep up with the facade. I know nothing about James, nothing about you or Remus, I don't even know anything about Lily or who their possible friends were, who they were close with, nothing." She sadly laughed at herself as she leaned back against a tree. "Remus told me a few things but I just… I guess I'm not grasping the information. Severus has barely spoken to me since the Dementor was in the castle. I feel like every step I take I need help like I need someone to hold my hands and lead me or something stupid like that. I just don't know anymore. I haven't known what to do since I got here." "You keep saying that. Aralia, you aren't going to know everything. Nothing is set in stone anymore. You've changed history by just being here. You've saved Harry -" Now she found this funny. He was trying to make her feel strong in this, but she felt weaker now more than anything. She knew, deep down, Aralia knew she didn't have long at this time. The Sorting Hat had warned her, she knew her path, and it wasn't going to be a happy one. Aralia couldn't help but laugh at his words. "No, I haven't. I haven't saved anyone!" and she hadn't. Grabbing her arms Sirius forced her to look at him. His patience for her was growing slim to none. "You saved me." Shaking her a bit from her shaking her head at him, "No, you are not going to do this to yourself. He found out you weren't really his family, so what, I'm not blood-related family either. I am, however, his godfather. And you are his legal guardian. Meaning you're his godmother. You've lived a life of darkness and terror. You are not there anymore. No one is going to die at the drop of a pin or one wrong thing happening. Pull yourself together Aralia." "Sirius, I lied to him. I let them convince me to lie to him… He'll never trust me." "He will. But don't let him keep his distance for long. Put your foot down, you're still the adult here." "Technically everyone but here is an adult." She muttered a bit with some humor. Biting back some of his laughter Sirius wrapped his arms around her. "I was originally coming here to save Harry. I didn't realize I was going to meet someone else who'd need rescuing." He laughed a bit. "James must have been lucky to have you and Remus… Even Peter must have been lucky…" She sighed at him. She couldn't help it, he was somehow warm, even now. "No… We were lucky to have each other." He softly corrected her. "Sirius?" "Hm?" She'd been unable to stop herself. She'd been so comfortable in his arms that she had said the opposite of what she'd wanted to say, "Don't kill Pettigrew." Completely caught off guard by this Sirius moved out of their embrace. One he found he was enjoying far too much. "What?" Sighing with self-annoyance, Aralia regained some of her self-control, she'd need to be calm for this, whether she liked it or not. "You can't kill Peter Pettigrew, Sirius." She repeated calmly. Almost laughing at her, Sirius ran his fingers through his still greasy hair. "I can't believe this… You know what he's done, what I've suffered – What Harry's had to suffer! Pettigrew dies!" "Sirius, please just listen- Sirius! Sirius please!" She called after him, but it wasn't enough. Sirius stilled left her in the snow She hadn't seen him since. Winter had turned to Spring and Remus was apparently teaching Harry the Patronus Charm to defend himself against the Dementor's that had attacked him once again. This time Aralia had been there, and she had been the least bit happy about the situation, Cornelius was beginning to not see in her favor. However, with no proof that she was not James Potter's relative he could not remove Harry from her custody, then there was Draco Malfoy, with Narcissa vouching for the redhead and clarifying her son was to stay in her care he once again, had no means to remove neither boy from Aralia's care. Winter turned into Spring and Summer was approaching faster than they had honestly thought. Sirius had avoided her completely, likely fended for food for himself and a different place for shelter. She suspected that Sirius had watched Harry from afar. He'd kept the Marauder's map to himself and it had been one of the ways he'd been able to avoid Aralia herself. He'd eventually come back around speaking with her. She had a suspicion that Remus had something to do with that. And her suspicions had been correct. Albus had been bust with other things. Hiding something up in his tower. The four were once more on speaking terms with her, however, most of their time they spent talking was the four of them asking Aralia what her future was like and why she wanted to change it so dramatically. But Aralia knew she couldn't tell them. she hasn't even told Severus or Albus about themselves in her future. She was not going to tell these kids what their future had been in her timeline. That could ruin everything she'd done so far to keep them safe. "Hermione, you know I can't tell you. First off, it's not something I'd tell a child or a young teenager, secondly, it wasn't a pretty time, my world wasn't like your world today. This place is magnificent and beautiful, lush and loving. I'm envious of you all that's seen this time since birth. Don't worry about what my time looked like Hermione, worry about now, what you can do to make your life worth living is do make it a life you want to." She said smiling to the young Witch. Hermione was brilliant in her young age, but she was still a young girl. End of May 1994 - Albus's Office "So, Harry knows then?" Albus asked with a sigh. "Yes, I tried telling you this a while ago -" "I know, I am sorry Aralia. Cornelius has been nearly down my throat these last few weeks. He knows your records were falsified he just can't prove it." Albus admitted. Sitting in his chair with a sigh. "I thought you said you were good Albus?" Aralia teased. "He is, and Albus isn't the one who falsified them," A woman's voice echoed through the tower startling Aralia. It seemed Albus knew she was there. "Who was that?" "Oh, so I see he hasn't told anyone of me, still… ever since I had this… thing happen I've been nothing but a dead secret." the woman said as she walked down the stairs wrapping one of Albus's robes around her. Aralia was so shocked at the bare feet and legs she saw as the blond-haired and sapphire blue-eyed woman walked down towards them. "Hello Rene, I had assumed you'd wish to rest after… well, burning." "And even after burning for the last 67 years, Happy Belated New Year's by the way." the young blond sighed, walking beside Albus' chair and hugged the still sitting older man. "You're cursed because of us Rene, what he did -" "I provoked him Albus, the Phoenix only got between us because Credence didn't want him to hurt me, in the end, this was the result. Stop blaming yourself. Credence tried to save me." "I know, I know." Albus sighed, he acted as if headache with the constant rub he'd give his forehead. "I'm sorry, but what the heck is going on, Albus are you alright – wait, who are you again?" Aralia couldn't get her mind straight. This was so confusing. Smiling at the redhead Rene walked around Albus's desk and took the seat next to her. "I'm Anya Rene Lestrange, I was adopted into the Lestrange family when I was still an infant. But my real Lineage is the Deo'Vera bloodline. A mixed bloodline of Vampire and Witch. To be exact, I'm Helena Ravenclaw's decedent and my children are scattered. Sophia and Arius, they were twins, now their children have had children and grandchildren." That was a bit much but at least Aralia had something now. "And who exactly are you to Albus?" she asked. She knew there was nothing romantic between them. "I'm an old friend that keeps a distance eye on him-" "Oh, for heaven's sake, just tell her Rene." Albus sighed. Smiling, Anya rested herself with a happy sigh, "Finally I get to talk to someone. As I said I'm a friend of Albus. However, we were also friends with Gellert Grindelwald, Albus introduced me to him the year before I graduated from Hogwarts. My last year I was attacked by a group of fellow students, after graduation, I found out I was pregnant. Albus and Gellert were so angry they made a second blood pact, with me. But something happened that shouldn't have happened." Anya was driving Aralia up the walls with how she was describing this, she was not only telling her who she was, she was giving her whole history. And her connection with Albus and Gellert Grindelwald. This was a historian's dream interview! And Anya was a very good storyteller. Especially if she could have Aralia on the edge of her seat. "Well, what happened?" Aralia asked Anya hadn't continued in the least bit! She'd paused, waiting for Aralia's reaction. "Our blood's mingled. Instead of the children belonging to Anya and whoever impregnated her, like the usual union of one mother and one father, the child Anya had in her womb split and became two. A daughter and a son, both sharing DNA with Anya, however, the fathers were both Gellert's and mine now. We don't know how it happened. It should have been impossible." Albus quickly explained. Anya always was a cliff-hanger type of woman. As irritating as it was it definitely kept the person interesting. Smiling, Anya was about to reveal something that not even Albus himself yet knew. "Not exactly Albus, with a normal Witch or Wizard it should have been impossible. However, when it happened, I went asking questions. Especially after the babies were born, we had all agreed to have them tested to find who attacked me. At least the father of the children and get his friends in the crossfire. But that didn't happen. Instead, the DNA results came back looking like a complete mess. Not only was I the mother, but both children had two father genetic bases, it should have been absolutely impossible, technically it is impossible. However, I was later found by a man claiming to be the lover and husband of Helena Ravenclaw, they'd had a child. When Helena was killed Gregory sent their son, Cormag, to his grandmother, Rowena Ravenclaw. Unfortunately, she was already dead after the news of her daughter's death got to her. Godric Gryffindor and Helga Hufflepuff agreed to safeguard Gregory's and Helena's son. And they did. Cormega later married a Witch herself. Now, the vampire blood Cormag had in his was watered down as the generations continued marrying Witches or Wizards. But the only thing of his lineage his descendants inherited were his and his father's Sapphire blue eyes. Eyes that have begun to skip generations for a while. When I sent my children into safety, I kept tabs on them, who they were with, the families they married into. My daughter married a McKinnon, my son was adopted by a French family by the last name Bonnet. Unfortunately, the McKinnon's were massacred back in 1978 during Winter. The Bonnet parents were recently killed in an accident. However, I'm closing in on the real reason behind their deaths. Their son and daughter survived, but I'm worried they won't last for long and I cannot interfere with their lives otherwise my own old enemies will find them, and they will be dead." Anya was nearly out of breath. Aralia had been the first person she'd spoken to aside from Albus in ages, it felt good to tell her story, one she shared with Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald. However, the reality was slowly sinking in that the last of her family was close to extinction. "Okay, Whoa, that was a mouth full. However, that definitely clears a few things up. Now, my next question… Why the heck are you wearing nothing by Albus's robe?" She asked a bit disturbed. "Every time my life comes close to death, or every time I die, I should say, I die like every other living thing, however, my situation is different. I burn when I die and then my body and soul are returned. It's like being re-born only I don't go back through infancy or adolescence. I retain my memories and go right back to be a 44-year-old woman with the cursed body that can turn into a Phoenix and looks like a 25-year-old." "Oh, well. As terrible as that sounds I'll gladly tell you that you've aged very gracefully." Aralia said until a thought struck her with pure confusion. "Wait to hang on a minute. You're an Animagus?" Smiling sadly with a soft sigh, Anya's mind flooded with the memory of it all, like a movie role playing clip by clip. She still didn't know how it happened. "No, before the second world war and Gellert's Wizarding War I provoked Gellert to the max, he'd have never truly hurt me but I, like always, over-extreme things and he just wanted me to stop talking. To give him some peace and quiet while he thought. But after everything he had done, he didn't deserve peace and quiet. I made him so angry he lashed out. Credence tried stepping between us, the phoenix he had swooped in to remove me from the way of the curses Gellert had begun tossing at me but as the Phoenix grabbed me the curses mixed and hit us both. A mass explosion happened suddenly happened and the next thing we knew there were two Phoenix's there. I slowly transfigured back into my human body after that the boy wouldn't let him near me. His phoenix helped me master my flying and everything else with survival in their form and Credence helped me master the transformations. He said he had a friend who would transform into a snake. And that the pain eventually went away. And he was right, it went away eventually but it took quite a while." Anya explained further. It was understandable that Aralia would have questions like that. "Well, that is quite an adventure. So, as a human your name is Anya… What about your Phoenix name?" she was just curious. She didn't think Anya actually had a name for her Phoenix form. Smiling proudly, she straightened her back and shoulder, "Lady. I don't know why but that is the first thing people think of when they realize I'm a female Phoenix. It's a little strange but after a while, I just got used to it. The name wasn't going away any time soon, so I grew to like it." Anya explained. Nodding with interest and shocked beyond her mind's belief Aralia rested back in her seat with a sigh, "Now that was a lot to take in." Aralia admitted. "Yes, yes, it is I suppose. Aralia, could you excuse us please." Albus sighed. He would never get used to holding her on her death bed before she'd burn to ash and slowly reform into herself. She'd age of course, but every time she'd die Anya would come to him, whether he was in his tower or home she'd go to a familiar place. But he'd noticed that each time she'd die and burn to ash her regeneration was slower than the last. Albus feared the next time she wouldn't return to him. Anya Rene Lestrange Deo'Vera was the last thing he had of his past. His brother wanted nothing to do with him after their sister's death, and truly, Albus didn't blame him. Nodding, Aralia left the two to their own discussions. Albus sighed sadly as he looked to his old friend. The last thing, person, he had from his past. "I don't know how much more I can take of you dying," "It's a part of life Albus, we are born, we live, we die," Anya said with regret. She knew it was hard for her friend. But he was the only one, now aside from Aralia, who knew of her existence, being around Albus was what kept her coming back, and her determination to see her family safe. Sadly, she knew she nor Aralia had much time. "Albus, I know it's hard, I kill me every time I come to you just to die later only to wake up knowing that when your time comes you won't. That scares me more than anything. We lost Gellert, don't make me lose you too. Not for a while at least. I know it's inevitable but try to not put yourself on the front lines just yet. Please." "I cannot continue to rely on Severus, Rene. He cannot continue this on his own. Voldemort's supporters are on the move. If you must move the Bonnet children, then do so. I will not lose any more of us. Paul and Alicia Bonnet are the last of us. Of you and Gellert, of me. We cannot let them be slaughtered like the McKinnon's." Albus spoke to her. The words were painful. He'd been devastated upon hearing about the McKinnon's massacre, not only because the McKinnon's were secretly related to them in some small way, but he'd lost several of those who had once been his students, one who had been his students. Gabrielle. She had been the last direct bloodline of Anya, his and Gellert's from the McKinnon family. Though her eyes had been bright blue she looked exactly like Anya. They had a suspicion that Anya's Sapphire blue eyes may skip even Gabrielle's children. But the Bonnet girl, where she looked nothing like Anya, Alicia Bonnet had her sapphire blue eyes. "I will save who I can, Albus. But I tell you this, Aralia does not have much time at this time. She does not belong here, my friend. She will die. And it will be horrible." Anya told him gently, sorrow burning her blue eyes. She didn't like telling Albus this, but he needed to know, he needed to accept it. Aralia needed to accept it. Standing form his chair he sent his first angry glare to Anya, he hadn't given her an angry look since she had told them what had happened, before he and Gellert had made that blood pact with her, and it was a pact which could not be undone. "Then I will stop it! that girl has lost enough, sacrificed everything to change her horrible future, I will not let her die in such away. Because every time I look at Aralia I see Lily! A woman who lost everything, her life for her child, her husband, her best friend! Everything! Lost lives that should never have been lost." Albus snapped. The Sorting Hat's words haunted him still, and Anya telling him Aralia hadn't much time left as well? Was the redhead on a ticking time clock somewhere? It was like Time wanted her heart to stop beating. Hogwarts Halls It was late and she hadn't thought much of things until she saw Remus rushing out late at night, heading right for her, but the look of dread and fear was written on him. "Remus? Dear God, are you alright you look as if you've seen a ghost?" She asked him once he stopped in front of her. He looked as if he were trying to say something, but it seemed words could not find him. "Remus, what happened?" "Pettigrew -" Was all he was able to say. His green eyes misting with tears. Rubbing his face to wake himself up from his shock Remus took a breath and pulled her to his office. "What about Pettigrew?" She asked him once the door to his office closed, it seemed that was his safe haven of sorts. "You were right… Sirius is innocent." He panted. His breath was hard to find as Remus fell in a nearby chair and tossed the Marauder's Map onto his desk for her to see. "Take a look. He's in the castle somewhere, but I can't find him…" He said taking small breaths to calm his fears and nerves. After months of Sirius being interrogated months of his friend screaming his innocents. Remus Lupin had ignored him and walked away, turned his back on the one friend he should have stuck by. Curious now, Aralia looked through the map and found what he was speaking about. The nameplate of the walking and living evidence of none other, Peter Pettigrew. "Why believe Sirius is innocent? Remus, if you were thinking logically, Peter cold have stayed in hiding because he was terrified of Sirius." She explained. "No, no, Peter would have come straight to me after Sirius had been captured -" "Yes, but if you were so stuck on Sirius previously being the reason behind James and Lily's death you would have come up with a logical reason why Pete had come straight to you, least of all Albus after Sirius was arrested, which leads me to believe that you didn't truly know who to trust and you couldn't decide who was the most guilty?" she questioned him. Curious as to why he was now suddenly believing Sirius to be innocent. She couldn't give Sirius up unless she knew Remus was truly believing he was innocent. "Had Peter been innocent he wouldn't have let us believe he was dead. He'd have run to the nearest person he trusted with his life. And I know he trusted me before James and Lily were killed before Sirius was arrested. With Sirius arrested Peter would have been safe, he would have eventually come out of hiding, at least to see his mother, he loved his mother more than his own life. He wouldn't have let her die believing he was dead. She wouldn't have told anyone, even me if he'd asked her to keep his life a secret." "How do you know he didn't?" she asked. It was a good question, a very good question. "Because she died with me at her bedside. Peter wouldn't, no matter the cost, have let her die alone without him there if he was truly innocent." Remus explained. Sighing he rubbed the tension from his neck in thought, "I just can't think of where he could be hiding. I mean his Animagus is a Rat, there are a thousand places here in this Castle that he could be hiding, more so with the grounds." He grumbled. "I have no idea where to even start." Her insides turned to ice, she wasn't sure why this was suddenly terrifying or why she was jumping to conclusions, but she couldn't help it. "Wait, a Rat?" Hearing the worry in her voice, Remus's attention was fully turned to her, "Yes… Aralia, I'm the one that supposed to look like I've seen a terrifying ghost of the grim reaper, so why do you suddenly have the same expression?" he questioned with worry. He didn't like this. "Scabbers, Ron's Rat. I remember him telling me about his family Rat in his second year. Scabbers has not only lived with the Weasley's for twelve years or more, but he's also missing a toe. A front right toe, the same figure I'm going to assume was considering the remains of Pettigrew when Sirius was arrested after the explosion." She ranted on with worry. Her eyes dancing side to side in thought and thinking of all of the possible worst-case scenarios she hadn't realized she had begun to hyperventilate. Standing from his chair, Remus caught her in his arms as her legs gave out, "Aralia, breath, come on, I'm the one that's supposed to be having this moment, not you. Why are you going into a panic attack?" "Scabbers! Remus, that damn Rat the Weasley's have been taking care of has been close to my nephew for three years right under our noses! If that Rat really is Pettigrew he could have – he could kill Harry easily and we wouldn't even know it, least of all how to capture a Rat! He could – Oh God, Molly, and the other children! Ron, what is Ron going to do, Remus? He adores that Rat!" She shouted, fearful tears rolling down her face as she took in deep breaths. She looked like she was a woman in labor. "Breath, please, Aralia you need to breathe," Remus begged her. Easing them both to the floor, Remus wrapped his arms around her, but she wasn't calming down. He was terrified she'd pass out or go into shock. The black dog that rushed in silently to them had him staring in shock. More so as he watched it shift into a human. Skin and bones of what was once Sirius Black. "Hand her over Mooney, she's not only having a panic attack looks like she could be going into some form of shock. There's no calming that." Sirius softly said, gently taking the redhead from his arm. He was weak as he looked at the man. He looked horrible. Forcing his mind to return back to Aralia's condition he rushed out after them, after grabbing the Map and his wand. "What the hell are you doing inside the castle Sirius. What if you're found?" He whispered a scolding tone to him. "I was looking for Pettigrew, saw Aralia with you and overheard your conversation." He explained, glancing at his friend from the corner of his eye, "It took you this long to figure out I had nothing to do with their murder? You truly believe I was guilty?" he asked. He had to. It hurt that Remus believed he could have done that to James and Lily. To Harry. Sighing with humiliation and regret Remus shook his head, lighting their way and looking to the now open map, hoping no one came to their direction, "I honestly didn't know what to believe Sirius, I didn't want to, but I wasn't there, and with Peter gone I had nothing. Where are we taking her?" He asked with worry. "Remember Julia's seizure?" Sirius asked. "Yes, you were in the bathhouse with her when she had a seizure. But Sirius, Aria is not having a seizure." "No, but a soothing surroundings can relax her. It's anxiety, Remus not a Seizure. In this case, I will be doing the opposite, especially since she's shivering, and I can feel how cold she is right now." He stated in a matter of fact rounding a few turns here and there they quickly made it to the Bathhouse he and Aralia had first met in, "Are we still clear?" He asked. "Yes, no one is near us. Hurry, get her in the water." Remus responded, closing the doors softly. But as he watched Sirius submerge himself and Aralia he found he couldn't look away. They looked as if they were meant to be. At that moment Remus had a sudden feeling this wouldn't be the last time he saw them like that. Meant to be. And hoped that he too could find someone who could be his second half. Aralia had fought for Sirius, argued against them all for his innocents. He wondered if she had known them in their past, grew up with them and went to school with them, would she have fought just as hard for him? The way her arms wrapped around Sirius's neck and held herself to him like he was her connection to life. *** Thank you for reading, I do hope you've enjoyed the chapter so far! Thank you again to Larien Telrunya!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 10/2019 Chapter 12 Sirius had been worried regarding Aralia's reaction. If anyone should have been having a hysterical panic attack it should have been Remus and himself. But this was strange, she'd gone into a full-on attack, but it was a strange one. The warm water should have helped warm her chilling body, but the flesh was still shivering after ten minutes in the water. "Aralia try to breathe deeply and calmly. Come on, just listen to my voice girl. You can do it. Listen to my voice… That's a good girl, now breath in, and out, there you go. Keep that up. In and out." He soothed her, his voice was amazing, smooth and calming. Like warm milk and honey to a baby. She could hear his heartbeats slow and calmly beat in his chest, his voice vibrating through his chest cavity as he spoke with Remus, she wasn't paying attention to the words. Her panic had spiked her blood pressure and adrenaline to dangerously high levels, now with her calming down and relaxing she found herself falling into a deep sleep. She felt ridiculous. She was supposed to be the one watching out for Harry and the others, but she felt like she was just in the way of those who were trying to keep the boy safe themselves. "She shouldn't have gone into a panic attack, not like that." Remus softly spoke to Sirius, sitting beside the bath's edge, the map in front of him so he could keep an eye on their surroundings. "She called him her nephew. Did you catch that? Or was I the only one?" Sirius asked. "You're right, she did. Wander why, to be honest." Remus sighed. "She has no one else, Remus, like us she's alone. She just wants her family, at least a family. Did she have a nephew in her time?" Sirius asked, his eyes glancing down to her now sleeping form tucked in his arms. "No, she had a brother, but apparently he betrayed them for Voldemort. I killed her two friends with her who were trying to get her back to us. According to Minerva, she was in a panic when she woke up, almost slugged Severus too." Remus couldn't help the small amount of laughter at that piece of information. "Her, a little thing like this? No, there is no way she would have landed a good enough punch at Snape." Sirius grinned with disbelief. Aralia was tiny, she barely looked like she could toss a solid punch. "You'd be surprised Sirius, when she found me, I jumped out my apartment window, snatchers found me and beat me to a bleeding pulp in the back alleys in Paris. Four of them, and she's the one that put them all on their backsides, one likely had a broken nose, two were knocked out, one probably nursed his nuts back health, unless it was his arm I'm thinking about. Either way, she had them all down for the count in less than a minute." He explained, a smirk on his face as he tried remembering that day. "You're joking." He was completely baffled. There was no way she could have done that. "Four of them?" Nodding with a small laugh Remus ran a hand through his hair, "Yes, then she proceeded to apparate us both to her place before almost falling to the ground with me. I'm pretty thankful we landed on the hardwood floors of her place instead of the dirt and mud of the ground. Either way, Sirius, I owe you my deepest apologies. I left you to suffer, never believed you when you continued to scream of your innocents." "Remus, she isn't healthy, I don't think anyone, even her, as truly noticed, but since the last time I saw her, she'd gotten paler, she's always cold. Prone to panic attacks far too easily... She needs to have a full health evaluation." Sirius informed him. Glancing to the man he'd once been close too Remus sighed, glancing at the woman still in his arms, fear suddenly washed over him as he watched her nose dripping with blood, "Sirius, her nose, blood." "Take her, go to Pomfrey, I need to get out there. Make sure she's alright, Remus." "Why care so suddenly Sirius? You don't even know her." Remus asked with curiosity. Sirius sighed as he looked at the redhead now in Remus's arms dripping with water, "Because, she saved me, and if she's watching out for Harry who's caring for her?" Sirius pointed out. He had a point. She was trying to care for Harry, but she had no idea how to do it, so far she was doing okay, even took his and the other angry teens anger and fear of finding she was from a different time, 300 years in the future, rather well. She had held her ground casually but made sure they understood she had come back for a reason, that they had been her reason. To safeguard them. "Go, Remus, she needs Pomfrey." Sirius softly shuffled the man off. His heart heavy with worry as he watched Remus rush down the halls towards the Hospital wing. Bursting through the hospital wing door's Remus called for Poppy, he'd startled the woman who'd been working on her entries for the day. "Dear Lord, Remus, what on earth happened!" She demanded as she rushed them over to a bed. "She had a panic attack. I couldn't calm her down so I took her to the bathhouse hoping the warm water would help her. Eventually, she calmed down, she fell asleep then all of a sudden, her nose began to bleed. I knew I needed to get her to you. I don't know what to do." "I'll take care of her. Her temperature is running wild Remus. I'll need help!" Running to painting in her office Poppy asked the first nurse of Hogwarts to fetch Madam Sport and to inform Albus and Minerva she needed their presence. Help came to her swiftly, and Albus had not been alone. Anya had followed suit. "What happened?!" Minerva shouted with fright. "Remus said she went into a panic attack then after calming she began bleeding from her nose, but her body temperature is changing dangerously rapidly. I can't get her body to stay at a temperature -" Poppy was interrupted by the loud and painful coughs of Aralia then the painful moans and groans began. "What is happening!" Minerva cried, dapping the sweat from Aralia's face and neck. "Minerva, get away from her," Anya shouted with fright at the sudden fearful thought struck her as she pulled the witch from Aralia's bedside. "Albus, get everyone out of here, Remus you need to shower immediately and burn those clothes." She quickly informed him, a painful and terrifying look about her as she looked at Poppy. The Nurse's body chilled with terror as she caught on, "Good God… Oh God… Albus -" "Would someone please tell what the hell is going on!" Minerva screamed. Her eyes filling with tears. "She's from the future Albus, 300 years ahead of us, if they had any illnesses then she could have unintentionally bought something with her or she could have contracted an illness from our time she may not have had the medical aid for in her time." "She said the New Order in her time had remained underground. Meaning they had limited access to Medical aid if it was severe. Like an illness." Minerva explained. "Remus, my office, there's an emergency shower in the back-right corner, go clean up, I'll bring you some clothes." Poppy ushered the Wizard back towards her office. He needed to get clean if this was the case. But as he went about it, he worried about Sirius. He too had been exposed if this was a sickness and he had no idea. It took them three days to figure out what was wrong with Aralia. She hadn't had any of her needed medical medicines or injections upon her arrival, they hadn't thought of any of it. However, with medications and injections, she was getting better, but not 100%. Anya had explained that since Aralia was not truly a part of their time, her life could be weakening. Fate or Time was dealing out her consequences for meddling with its children of time. She was left with regular nose bleeds mild headaches, bleeding coughs and regular lightheadedness that could turn into a fainting spell. Aralia had to be careful. Remus had warned Sirius as soon as he could have shortly after he'd cleaned himself up and had snuck the man into Hogwarts to let him get recleaned himself just in case. The news he'd later delivered to Sirius regarding her health had not been positive, but it was glad enough news that she had not caught an illness. Harry had spent most of his time in the Hospital wing visiting Aralia after hearing about what had happened, he'd been terrified when Poppy had told him, and the other's visitations were refused until further notice. For three day's Harry had sat outside of the Hospital Wing hoping he could see the woman who'd taken him in, the first day he got to walk in and see the redhead, Harry had nearly cried. She was paler than usual. Like she was ill, her red hair was even lighter like the life was being drained from her. Harry couldn't help but feel responsible. "Oh, shush Harry. This is not your fault. I'll be fine, I've been through worse things than this." Aralia calmly told him, a small smile on her face. "How're the classes?" "Strange, Professor Snape has been teaching Defense against the Dark Arts lately. We're about to go to see Hagrid today. Buck Beak's execution is today, we want to see him before it happens." He explained sadly. "But I don't want to leave you." He muttered softly, his heart heavy as he looked down at his feet, his shoulder's slouching. Sitting upright from her lying position, Aralia sighed softly and reached out and gently grabbed ahold of his clasped together hands, "I'll still be at the school Harry, go see Hagrid. I should be out of here shortly anyway. Go see him, tell him I said I wish him well, and I'm sorry this is happening. That I'll see him shortly as well. I still owe him a cup of tea." She smiled playful at the last bit, she'd been invited to tea with Hagrid Harry's second year and she still hadn't had the chance, or the memory, to go and see the dear gamekeeper. Nodding Harry sighed and stood to leave. But he'd taken a moment to hug the woman in the Hospital bed before leaving to meet the others to head for Hagrid's. "How is she?" Hermione asked with worry as they walked out of the Schools' front gates. "Fine, I guess. She's paler, I know she isn't alright, but she's alive, and that's good enough for me." Harry sighed. "So, they're letting people in to see her then?" Draco asked. Nodding Harry said nothing, he was in a damp mood already, and Buck Beaks' execution was not something they wanted to see. Draco nodded. Glad he'd be able to go see the redhead soon then. But their evening was about to get worse. Dagny and his three goons were with him at the standing rocks with binoculars trying to watch something. But his heart fluttered down to his stomach when Hermione began to rush them, "Ah, come to see the show!" "You! VILE AND EVIL LITTLE COCKROACH!" Hermione screamed, leveling her wand at Dagny's throat. Her rage had actually scared him and the speed she had as the witch advanced towards him had made Dagny unintentionally back up into a stone pillar behind him. The sudden angry advance the young third-year Witch came at him with her wand had him backing up into the stone pillar behind him with slight fear. Harry and Ron were confused as to what the girl was thinking, but Dagny had nearly peed himself when she aimed her wand straight at his throat, she had every intention of Hexing the abusive git. "Hermione no!" Ron shouted. "Easy there, Kitten!" Draco said with worry, rushing up behind her, an arm wrapping around her waist, thinking he was going to lift her up and walk her away from the situation, however, he felt that if he did so, she'd possibly turn on him. "Walk away 'Mione, he isn't worth it." He gently said against her hair. He needed to get her away from Dagny. But Draco could see she no longer felt any fear towards Dagny. He was mildly relieved after waiting a few seconds Hermione had taken a few deep breaths to calm herself down then lowered her wand. But she had taken them all by surprise when she bolted around Draco with far more ease than they thought she had after Dagny and the others began laughing and punched him square in the mouth knocking his head back violently against the stone pillar. Draco snickered at them "Never mind." The four Slytherins had run off, Dagny holding his mouth. "You'll pay for that! I swear I'll get you four for this!" Dagny shouted. "Malfoy! Wait!" "That filthy mud-blood drew blood!" Dagny screamed. Out of all of them, Dagny never thought Hermione would have had the strength to not only punch him but hit him hard enough to draw blood. The four friends began laughing, Hermione blushing from her violent behavior, "That felt good." She wouldn't lie, she was slightly embarrassed she'd sank to Dagny's level and became physically violent. However, after everything Draco's brother had done, Dagny deserved it. The three boys laughed at Hermione's blushing, that had been amazing, and something they wouldn't be forgetting anytime soon, Draco was just glad it wasn't him. "Good? Bloody brilliant that was!" Ron praised, a wide grin on his face. "Yeah, but we're late getting to Hagrid's come on." Draco pointed out, but it didn't stop him from ruffling Hermione's hair. They had made it to Hagrid's shortly after and sat with him while he waited for Dumbledore, the executioner, and Fudge. They'd gotten distracted and rather busy by Hagrid handing Scabbers over to Ron and gave a small scolding for not taking better care of his pet then Hermione had instantly jumped to her feet wanting an apology. With all of this happening, they hadn't realized the Headmaster and the other two were already on their way down. Ron's and Hermione's argument had been ended the second a small rock flew through the window, shattering a jar full of sand and dirt. This had made them look through the window and they'd nearly panicked as their eyes watched the three arrivals walking up to Hagrid's door and knocking. "You four need to leave, quick, ou' the back door, hurry and don't get caught," The door had been knocked on then bagged on, demanding entrance, "Be with yah in a moment!" Ron grasped hold of Hermione's hand as they rushed up the steps and back towards the school. They had stopped just at the top and stood between two of the stone pillars to watch as the executioner raised his large ax and watched it fall, slicing through whatever it had been aimed at. The action scared the crows away from their comfortable perch causing them to fly off into the air and scatter. They had no idea that their night was about to get worse. And it all started when Scabbers bit into Ron's figure causing the poor boy to drop the rat from his hold. Scabbers fled with determination and squeaking with fright. Ron's shock drew everyone's attention and worry when their eyes found their friend's bleeding figure. "He bit me!" Ron shouted with shock, "He's never bitten us before, that's the first time he's ever bit anyone - SCABBERS! Come back!" Ron screamed, rushing after the fleeing Rat he'd just had returned to him and he'd finally caught him, after having to dive for Scabbers and smoothing over the ruffled fur of his pet. "What's the matter with you?" Draco shared a worried glance with Hermione upon realizing what tree they were at, "Harry, we have a problem." Draco muttered. Looking at the two of them completely confused, Harry wasn't really paying much attention simply because his attention was purely on Ron sitting himself up from the lying position he had landed in from diving after his Rat, "What, why?" Hermione's jaw dropped with disbelief, "Do you not see what tree this is?!" "What?" The answer was no, he hadn't noticed. Turning, Harry finally took the time to look and his stomach knotted, he and Ron previously had a horrible encounter with that specific tree their second year, one that they had found Aralia near. And Ron was far too close for any means to be considered a 'safe distance', "Uh-oh- Ron! Run!" Their confusion was rattled when Ron's face paled, thinking he was looking at them, until the ginger-haired boy pointed in shaking the fear, "Harry look out! Behind you, it's the Grim!" Ron shouted. The second they turned, their eyes spotted a large black dog as it barked, growled and finally charged them and shoved between the three teens. Its destination was clearly Ron, who screamed and turned in an attempt to run for his life, only to have the beast try attacking Scabbers. Ron, not wanting anything to happen to his pet that he had just been reunited with, smacked the dogs nose hoping to daze it at least a little, but he'd been knocked over and its' jaws latched onto Ron's leg and began pulling Ron into the Whomping Willows opening and into the darkness as the frightened redhead screamed. All three teenagers gasped with fright and rushed after him and shouted for him, Draco continued chanting to himself in his mind that as long as Ron continued to scream that meant he was alive, in pain, but alive. "RON!" The Whomping Willow swung its branches. Hermione's sudden glance at it from the corner of her eyes had her gasping with fright, "Duck!" Hermione shouted, but Draco had been suddenly blind-sided by the branch, smacking him against his side and sent the boy flying as he grunted in pain. Harry had suddenly been hit in the gut himself, also sending him flying while Hermione jumped over the branches flying at her feet, trying to leg sweep her. Hermione looked off at Draco and Harry when they had been hit and knocked off into the distance for the third time, it had been enough of a delayed reaction on her part ending in her being picked up and in the sudden panic and fear from being lifted into the air with no safety net, she wrapped her legs around the branch and held on for dear life as she screamed. From her height, Hermione was able to see a way into the tree without them getting constantly knocked back and ending up with their butts bruised. Taking the chance, she grabbed a hold of Draco's shirt and tossed him into the entrance and did the same to Harry. Now all she had to do was aim herself into the entrance or she'd have broken legs, but thankfully she had aimed herself perfectly, besides landing against Harry's back, knocking them both back into the ground, "Sorry." Draco could only laugh as he helped the two up from their fallen states. "It's alright, thanks Draco," Harry replied, a nod to the blond. "Any idea where this tunnel leads too?" Draco asked curiously. He'd thought Hermione would have an idea, but it was Harry that gave them an answer. "I have a hunch. I just hope I'm wrong." Draco and Hermione just looked at one another as Harry walked on, they had no idea what kind of hunch he had, and they wished he'd share it. But they soon figured it out once they came to a door to a house. "The Shrieking Shack? You're kidding, right? I mean this place is supposed to be more haunted than the school." Draco wouldn't lie, he was shaking in his shoes. Forcing his body to stop shivering, Draco willed himself to stay grounded. But he couldn't seem to get rid of the bad feeling he had about this. As soon as they walked into the first bedroom they found Ron, with a hurt leg and a frantic Scabbers fighting in his hold "NO, IT'S A TRAP, HARRY RUN, IT'S HIM, HE'S AN ANIMAGUS!" Ron cried. The three turned just as one of the two doors closed with an old squeak of the rusting bolts. They were shocked to find the form of Sirius Black, "I'm not here to hurt any of you… Well, not intentionally of course, please just hear me out-" "No way! You attacked Ron, why the bloody hell should we believe you!" Draco growled, pushing Harry and Hermione behind him and towards Ron, who grabbed a hold of Hermione as she checked him over frantically. Sirius gently laughed to the blond, he couldn't help but realize that Aralia hadn't been joking. Malfoy's boy was in fact in Gryffindor, the band around his wrist proved that. Lucius had to of been angry, then again according to Aralia as well, Lucius had sired another child, born a few days before Draco, from another woman while married to Narcissa. The thought sickened Sirius, the fact Narcissa had allowed her husband to do such a thing was beyond him. But he didn't want to think about that, he and his family had a bad history and Narcissa was not his priority. Pettigrew was, and the safety of his Godson was his priority. "Believe me, if anyone is dying tonight it'll only be one." Harry, however, had caught everyone off guard when he pulled his wand from his pocket and pointed it at Sirius, even Sirius was left a little shocked, but mostly by his words, "You kill my parents! You're the reason they're dead!" He accused. They were stunned when Remus charged in, disarming Harry. "Professor Lupin?" Ron and Draco asked in unison. They were confused as to why Remus was there, they knew he wanted nothing to do with Sirius Black, he wanted him back in prison, though they were now thinking that maybe Remus wanted Sirius dead more than anything. This was cause for worry to the teens, they didn't want any part in a murder connection. "Harry get back over there." He wasn't moving, Draco saw Remus's look of "Do as you told". Knowing his friend wouldn't move on his own accord, Draco moved towards Harry, gently pulling him back by his jacket, "Harry, come on." "No, no, I want to know…Did you kill my parents?" The question was full of heartache, but most of all, he was filled with the desire to not believe it. Sighing sadly to the boy, Sirius's chest grew heavy at the memory. The scene in which he and Hagrid had found Harry, Lily, and James in that night. The house had been destroyed. James had been found on the stairway steps with Lily in Harry's room, "You're truly asking me if I could ever hurt you or your parents? James was like a brother to me." Sirius asked his Godson. In truth, Sirius was hurt Harry was asking him that, but after everything the boy had been told, everything he'd heard Sirius could understand. "Answer my question." Harry had to know. Waiting as patiently as he could for Sirius to answer him, he noticed the shock, the hurt, and the disbelief. Shaking his head in his own disbelief, Sirius sniffed back the cold nose he'd had for twelve years being in the cold prison. "Never, I'd have never hurt James or Lily." They watched his reaction, a sad look in his eyes of long-lost could hear it, the sorrow of missing so many years with Harry's parents, missing the years with Harry he'd been robbed of, missing out of having a family of his own. "How can I believe you?" Harry choked. No matter how badly he wanted to believe this he wasn't sure if he could yet. Shocking them all, Remus spoke up, lowering his wand as he moved between Harry and Sirius, in deep hopes to guard his friend for the first time in years, even against Harry and the other three. "You can, believe me, Harry. Sirius Black is innocent." They were stunned by the sudden number of people who seemed to be joining this 'reunion' party. But Snape's sudden appearance did startle the four teenagers as their Positions Master rushed in, wand aimed for Sirius, an angry look of desired revenge in his dark eyes, "Well, well, well. Look what I've found, I told Dumbledore you were helped by an old friend. Now, here's my proof. However, I must say, Lupin, I am equally disappointed in you, I'd have thought of all the people to have helped him I thought it would have been Aralia. How ridiculous could you possibly be-" The sudden flash of bright blue slamming into Snape was what utterly shocked them when he went flying back into the old bedposts and rendered the Potions Professor unconscious. Aralia had rushed in only moments after Snape had been hit with the attack and stopped in her strides as she came through the door looking for who did the attacking, only to nearly lose her jaw when she found Harry brandishing, not his own wand, but Hermione's. She wasn't the only one in shock, so was everyone else. Rushing to check on the man Aralia prayed he was alright, "Severus! Sev, answer me!" she called with fright as she checked him over. She was slightly relieved when she found a pulse and sighed. "Oh, thank God." She breathed. Standing to form her place next to Severus she sent a stern glare to Harry. "Harry James Potter!" Draco stood with his mouth gaping open as he watched the scene, Snape had been hit by a powerful curse to send him flying with that much push, he was knocked out. Draco had barely found his voice to even question his friend. "Harry!" Draco gasped with shock and he was glad he wasn't the only one in shock at Harry's attack against Snape. "What did you do!" Ron had shouted out right after him in equal shock and wide eyes. 'We're definitely going to be expelled for this! Mum's going to kill us!' "You just attacked a teacher, Harry!" Hermione shouted at him, they all had absolutely no idea why he'd even attacked Snape. The teacher had likely thought the students were in danger of the escapee and had acted purely on protective teachers' instincts to protect his students! "Tell me about Peter Pettigrew." This wasn't a question. It was a demand as Harry stared at the two in wonder, but they willingly answered him, "He went to school with us, we thought he was our friend." Remus started with a sigh. "Pettigrew is dead, he killed him." Harry accused. Jumping in front of Sirius once again Remus pointed to the boy with a stern determination to fix what he had let go on for so many years. Remus had failed to stand by Sirius twelve years ago, he wouldn't stand by any longer. "No, he didn't, I thought so too until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the Map!" Remus pointed out, stepping in Remus was afraid Harry may accidentally hurt his own Godfather. "The Map was lying then!" Harry argued, he was pointing out facts and evidence, the map likely wasn't perfect, maybe it was possibly glitching. So of course, he was going to question these things. "The Map never lies Harry!" Aralia's stern voice suddenly came to the adult's defense, she was clad in a red, tightly button-down, robe. Her dark red hair sliding down her shoulders and back like a blood-red waterfall, but it was the very unhappy expression she had directed Harry for cursing Snape into an unconscious state. Sirius's jaw dropped. Now they needed to worry, "Remus? I thought you said she was held up in the Hospital!" Sirius scolded. "Yes, I was. Poppy released me. However, on my way to search for Remus, I found the Marauder's map wide open on his desk with him and several others vanishing out of the Castle and towards the Whom[ing Willow! Then I find Severus following Remus then all of a sudden Harry casts his own teacher into an unconscious state! You and I will have words later Harry James." Aralia clarified, glaring between an ashamed looking Remus Lupin and a paling Harry as he faced down Aralia's glare, "You're very welcome by the way… Now, where is that traitor, I want him arrested and taken to Albus before anyone gets hurt." Sirius pointed towards Ron and Scabbers with an obvious shrug and honestly, he really didn't want to endure Aralia's wrath right now, "Right there," Aralia eyes found Scabbers and her eyes instantly darkened with a burning wraith. He'd faked his own death, he'd lied to those he was supposed to have trusted, they had trusted him. They needed answers as to why he stayed in hiding. "Me! He's mental!" Ron shouted. Confused Hermione stepped in front of Ron, "Ron isn't a Shapeshifter. Sirius huffed with irritation. "Not Molly's kid! The bloody Rat!" Sirius yelled Pettigrew was right there. Completely baffled by this, Ron's grip on his pet almost doubled as Scabbers continued to fight his hold. He was scared it was all, just like Ron. "Scabber!? Bu-but Scabbers has been in the family for-" Sirius took a few steps towards the frightened young Weasley, silencing the redhead, "Twelve years, yes? Surely that's an uncommonly long life for a common or Garden Rat! He's missing a toe isn't he!" Sirius pointed out. Ron was in utter shock. 'How the bloody Hell does he know that!' Hermione watched as Ron shivered, Draco and Harry moved almost in front of the redhead to either side of him while Hermione held a comforting hand on Ron's shoulder. "That's close enough," Draco warned, holding his wand up between Ron and Sirius, yes, he was scared Sirius Black was the killer he was said to be, but Draco wasn't going to let him get any closer to Ron. The poor kid was shaking in his clothes. Everyone seems to catch on, especially Harry, his face falling as he spoke up, saying exactly what the rest were thinking, "The only thing left of Pettigrew was his-" "Figure! The bloody coward cut it off, so everyone would think he was dead! Then he transformed into a Rat!" Sirius ranted, huffing and puffing with seething rage. Aralia took a breath, her head was beginning to pound with a heavy heartbeat, one of her migraines was beginning to settle in, she felt sick to her stomach as Harry looked at the escapee and he took a breath of courage. Harry beat her to it, and she was thankful. She couldn't find her voice. She could feel her blood warming a bit too much. Covering her mouth and nose with a hand Aralai felt a small trickle of something wet drip and slid from her nose. She could taste the blood that slipped into her mouth just a bit. This wasn't good. She had discharged herself because she knew something was likely going to happen. She had to make sure Pettigrew was arrested. "Prove it, show us," Harry demanded, again, he was leaving no room for arguments nor more talking, he wanted to see the true traitor for who he really was. Sighing from slight exhaustion, Sirius rushed Ron. Their curiosity and suspicion now spiking as they watched Scabbers thrashing about and squealing as Sirius removed the rat from its owners' hands. Ron screamed, fighting him back to keep the frightened rat in his hold, but it was useless, Hermione and Draco had held Ron back aiding Sirius in removing his pet from his grasp as he continued to scream for someone, anyone to help, to help his rat, to get Scabbers from the mental escapee. But no one gave him aid. For this, Ron felt betrayed. Draco and Hermione held Ron back, keeping him on the cushions he was rested on. Ron was hurting himself more than he was trying to help is a rat, "Ron… It'll be alright. If Scabbers is not Pettigrew then we're back at square one." Draco said, in an attempt to calm the frantic redhead as he cried. In truth, Sirius knew it was Pettigrew, but now his mind was swimming with doubt if it did turn out this wasn't Pettigrew he'd not only be sentenced to death, but he'd be looked at as a liar by everyone and possibly called insane. Tossing the Rat onto the Piano top he and Remus began aiming charms at him. They had almost lost him when he jumped through a large hole in the side of the wall next to the door. Relief filled them all when their charms hit him, the Rat was re-transfigured into an older, rugged, dirty, Peter Pettigrew. Aralia watched in shock, her vision spun making her dizzy, she'd left the hospital too soon. Sirius and Remus pulled the now human body from the gaping hole as he growled and snarled in fear. Keeping his arms close to him, the body tucked in bodily protections and kept his head slightly down, refusing to look at anyone. Aralia took her time in resting back near the broken bed. She didn't feel alright at all and the last thing she wanted was for them to take their attention from Pettigrew, they needed to get him to Albus. A sudden fearful thought stuck her as to why she had gone looking for Remus, He'd forgotten to take his potion. With what little strength she had left she raised her wand and bound Pettigrew quickly. "We can question him later, Re-Remus… We need to get him to Albus… Your potion. Here… Your potion, take it- Don-don't argue you fool, just drink the damn thing!" She shouted as nausea set in. Remus's eyes widened with fright at realized he'd been in such a rush to get here he'd forgotten to take his potion. However, he hoped it still worked after waiting so long to take it. Nodding his thanks to her he took the vile of Potion and drank the only thing he knew could help him. "Thank you." Snape had woken up with a groan, yet when he regained his composer his eyes widened, and the breath caught in his throat as he looked at Pettigrew body bound. To say he was utterly shocked an understatement. "You? You-your-" "Yes, Peter Pettigrew is alive, now if you don't mind Severus, Remus and I have some unfinished business to attend too," Sirius growled, the wand in his hand waved at Peter, placing a second bind on the once pronounced dead man. Snape's eyes turned from the shivering Wormtail to Aralia's resting form against the broken bed, he nearly vomited as he watched her looking the way she was; Ill and a bleeding nose, she looked as if she were about to be sick. Rushing to her aid he began evaluating her condition, though he was unsure as to what could be causing her sudden fever and illness, least of all her bleeding nose! "Lupin, Black, stay on that mongrel, we need to get his to Professor Dumbledore, but Aralia needs to go back to Poppy." He stated. Sirius and Remus would need to stay on Wormtail, otherwise, he'd likely getaway, and they couldn't risk that. They needed to turn him over to Fudge for interrogation. Harry finally had enough. Moving to Aralia's and Snape's side he took in her condition. She didn't look good at all. "Professor, what's wrong with her?" The two shared a concerned look, "I don't know, come on. We need to get her to the hospital." Severus said lifting Aralia up into his arms, "Come along. Lupin, levitate him to follow after us, be sure he has nothing on him, we don't need a repeat from twelve years ago. Black, Mr. Malfoy, help Mr. Weasley walk out of here. We are reporting directly to Professor Dumbledore. Aralia are you alright?" She tried everything she had to answer, a full answer, but all she could comprehend was pain throbbing in her head, a pressure she couldn't control, she was burning up too much it was so uncomfortable she felt she may vomit blood. She was unable to answer, let alone finish her sentence to Severus. The slightest touch to her skin was like she was on fire, she was burning up too much it was so uncomfortable she felt she may vomit blood. She was unable to answer, let alone finish her sentence to Severus. The slightest touch to her skin was like she was on fire. ** Thank you for reading, hope you've all enjoyed reading the chapters as much as I have enjoyed writing them! Have a wonderful day/night!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 11/2019 Chapter 13 "Severus -" "Shut up and go, we don't have time. Students will come with me, Remus, take Pettigrew to Albus, I will be there shortly." Severus called walking in the opposite direction. He was slightly annoyed when Remus began to follow after him and the kids. "Safer if we stay together," Remus explained. Rolling his eyes Severus walked into the Hospital Wing, he was actually surprised to find Albus speaking with a worried and frightful Poppy. He could see the anger, confusion, and fear on the Headmaster's face when he walked in what the redhead in his arms. "What was she thinking! Aralia, are you alright?" Albus demanded as he and the Head Nurse rushed to them. "She hasn't responded to any questions," Severus informed them, his voice trembled with fear. He'd ignored Aralia to keep his mind straight, hoping to keep himself on the path he knew he needed to take. Worrying about her was not something he could afford when he needed to put 100% of his available power into keeping Harry Potter safe. "Dear lord! She's on fire! Lay her down, Severus. What happened!" Albus shouted, turning a glare to Remus and Sirius Black both who held a living, breathing Peter Pettigrew. Albus's anger grew ten-fold. "Peter Pettigrew... Now isn't this just a turn of events… Severus, leave Aralia with Poppy and the Children, fetch Minerva and send an owl to Cornelius and the Ministry. Poppy, let us know how she fares." Albus said and walked out with the other's and a levitating Pettigrew as they walked to his office. But this, this was personal. Waving his wand at the bound man as he squirmed and fought against the body binds and forced the man to sit in a chair as he grabbed a vile. "Professor?" Sirius question. Albus looked infuriated. But as they watched their Headmaster force whatever down Peter's throat they watched. "Peter Pettigrew. I have questions and I will have answers rather you wish to answer or not. Did you, Peter Pettigrew, have anything to do with the murders of Lily and James Potter?" They watched, and heard the fight Peter put up, he was trying to refuse to answer. "Y- Ye... Yes." he whimpered. Tears rolling down his face. His anger growing Albus took a breath, "Did you, Peter Pettigrew have any part in the McKinnon Massacre. Marlene and Gabrielle McKinnon? Persephone McKinnon? Who were slaughtered early Christmas Morning?" He demanded. He had to know. His family had been slaughtered. A family who knew nothing of their connections. "Yes, yes I knew! I knew!" Peter screamed his confession. He had never meant to let the McKinnon's get hurt, but they had gone against Voldemort so hard, Marlene's grandfather, her father, her uncle, Gabrielle's mother, and father. "Did you, Peter Pettigrew ever, even once, attempt to help prevent any of these deaths?" He continued. "Yes, I tried to lead him astray, I lied to him, I tried, bu -but he was so strong, I couldn't - I didn't know… I thought of Sirius, of what he would have done -" Peter cried. But as soon as he said those words, Remus had told Sirius back from strangling the man. "I WOULD HAVE DIED! I HAVE DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY THEM! EVEN YOU PETER! I HAVE DIED TO PROTECT THEM AND YOU! I NEVER WOULD HAVE LET THAT MONSTER NEAR ANY OF YOU!" Sirius screamed. The tears which fell from his eyes, his skin was numb to realizing that he was crying. "I'm sorry!" Peter screamed. He didn't want to be there, he wanted to go back to being a Rat, he wanted to hide like he had the last twelve years. But he couldn't. Peter Pettigrew had been caught, captured and was soon to be arrested. "Albus!" Fudge's booming voice called. It was an ungodly late hour to call for him, he and his Auror's had been on call long enough as it had been, this was just ridiculous. However, the site he found as he and his Auror's, along with Kingsley Shacklebolt, stunned them. Peter Pettigrew was alive and breathing, body bound in a chair. But it was Sirius Black who stood there, unbound and what looked like, being protected by Remus Lupin, a Professor of the school! "Cornelius, Kingsley. Hello, Pettigrew is bound and ready for questioning, forgive me but I took a few things into personal hands." Albus admitted. "What does that exactly mean, Albus? Here we have an unbound Sirius Black, being protected by an armed, Professor of your very school! What is the meaning of this!" Fudge was in shock and outrage, many of the Auror's with him had their wands ready to remove Remus Lupin as a growing potential threat and arrest Sirius Black. "Sirius is innocent Fudge, and we have the means to prove it, we will prove it," Albus said, holding a second vial of the potion he'd forced down Peter's throat. "I put Veritaserum down Pettigrew's throat, he's admitted to being apart of the Potter's murder and knowing of the McKinnon Massacre," Albus stated as he handed the vial to Sirius, he couldn't help but smile at the angry look on Cornelius's face. Fudge had never once wanted to give Sirius the Veritaserum in the first place, because if he was found to be innocent then the killers would still be out there. He hadn't cared, all he saw when he saw and heard the name Sirius Black was his family's name and saw only their evil actions and placed him in the same category. "Seriously?" Sirius was shocked, glad he was being given the chance to prove that all of the innocence he'd been saying all these years. And with no thought of it, Sirius drink the potion swiftly and waited for only a few seconds before the effects set in. "Ask me anything." He said. He couldn't help it. He was excited about this. For once they'd be forced to believe his words. The potion would not allow him to lie. "Were you involved in the murder of James and Lily Potter," Kingsley demanded. If Fudge refused to do this then he would. "No, I left them in the care of Peter Pettigrew thinking he could be trusted. I felt I was being followed and did not wish to lead anyone to their safe haven." Sirius said. "Pettigrew became their new keeper, I said nothing to no one because I could trust no one, not even Remus, no matter how much it killed me. I couldn't even trust Albus. However, my trust was misplaced, and they had been found. Hagrid and I found the home in a disaster. Hagrid took Harry to the Hospital to be checked and I went after Pettigrew." He admitted. "Did you intend to kill him?" Fudge asked with irritation. Glaring to Minister Sirius nodded, "Yes, I had every intention of killing him, until I realized that as an Auror it would be beneath me to kill him unless I was given no choice, I changed my mind and tried to bring him in. He caused an explosion and I was left for dead and he was gone, and I was arrested the next few hours." "Do you, Sirius Black, have any kind of affiliations or involvement with the Dark Lord or his followers?" Fudge asked. "No." "Would have or will you ever, give aid to the Dark Lord or his followers?" "Not unless they wish to leave, however, I'd never bright them around the Order or anyone trying to fight against Voldemort unless I could be sure they were truly trying to fight against him. But no, to aid in his concepts I'd never do it." He admitted. He was not objected to helping someone leave the dangerous life, but he'd never let himself become an aid to Voldemort's supporters. Turning their eyes to the shivering and crying Peter Pettigrew Fudge sighed. "Peter Pettigrew, did you fake your own death, have help in hiding and aid in the murders of not only James and Lily Potter but the torture of the Longbottom's and many others?" "I did, I did, fake my own death, no one helped me, I hid, I hid from everyone, yes, I handed the Potter's over to the Dark Lord. I was terrified, the torture, I couldn't take it. I - I gave him every one, the Longbottom's, James and Lily...Gabrielle…. I didn't mean for her to get her, I told her not to come out, but sh - she wouldn't listen… I got her out of there before they could find her, but - but she just wouldn't listen!" He cried. He may not have had anything to do personally with the McKinnon families, but he hadn't done anything to stop it wither, but he had taken Gabrielle. But she had found out about his connection with the Dark followers, and she had tried to run. It had led to her own death but the last person he wanted to see was the man who had found the blond and cried, screamed over her murder, just like he had with Lily's. Severus Snape stood out from behind Kingsley, a look of death on his face. "You… You!" "Severus please, I tried!" Peter cried. He was petrified "She is dead because of you! She and Lily! Marlene and Mary! MY OWN HAND! MY OWN CURSE KILLED HER!" Severus screamed. He was unaware that the very people that held him back from tearing into Pettigrew were the two people he once despised, people which he still despised, were Remus Lupin and Sirius Black as he cried, screamed at Peter Pettigrew He knew he was already in a dangerous situation. Pettigrew was one of his Followers if he got word to Voldemort or his people, Severus Snape was done for. Or was he? "He would have soared her had you just gone to him, Severus! He - he told me so himself I swear! I knew I knew about you two… I knew you loved her, I couldn't - I tried I swear. It wasn't me, Travis followed me, he he he found us and chased her, I couldn't stop him, he was insane!" "OF COURSE, HE WAS INSANE! I'M THE ONE WHO KILLED THE BASTARD!" Severus screamed his confession. "Sirius, Remus, please take him out of here, we don't need him killing Pettigrew before his trial." Albus softly requested. Nodding the two men helped Severus out of Albus's office. They had no idea Severus had cared that much for Gabrielle, the had no idea how he even got to know her. After giving Severus a few moments to regather himself Remus and Sirius were so stunned at his reaction of Peter's words, his confession of Gabrielle's death, how he had tried to help her, "You knew Gabrielle?" Remus asked. Of all the times he'd seen Gabrielle, he'd never once noticed her with Severus. "After the lake our fifth year she found me in a compartment on the train, on our way home. She sat with me. Told me she knew I hadn't meant what I had said to Lily and then we just… Talked. It was like someone different had walked through a door, I had shut one door on Lily and ended up locking myself in the darkness. Then she walked in and it was like… An Angel found me, she listened, she spoke to me like a human being since then Gabby had stayed by me, never left me, not even when I'd say something I could possibly regret. The last thing she said to me before she died was that she loved me, and she could have loved me like I had loved Lily. My heart was destroyed that night, then Lily was murdered and then my soul died. My spell to reverse the curse wasn't working, I couldn't fix it, I was still in the process of creating the charm, it was bound to have flaws but I had hoped it would have been perfect, for her." Remus and Sirius were speechless. They had no words for this. Severus Snape, for the first time, was not just a human being, but he was just as damaged as they were. But Sirius now saw why Severus would never be able to love Aralia, even if he wanted to… His heart had not exactly died with Lily, his soul died with Gabrielle, he had nothing left to lose. "That's why you separate yourself from Aralia, you knew she was getting too close for her own good and to spare any form of harm emotionally you put a barrier up." "Yes, because every time I look at her, all I can see is Lily…" Severus explained sadly, until another thought suddenly struck him, "She doesn't belong to our time, Sirius, she will not be here for very long and she knows this." He explained. Severus's words seemed too struck something deep and fearful in Sirius's gut, he didn't like this at all. "What are you talking about?" Okay, so maybe he was just being blind to this part. He had heard the conversation with Aralia and the four teens. However, he had not heard this part, not that he could truly remember. "That's possibly why she's sick, she's getting ill because whatever will control time and fate is trying to fix what she had meddled in desperately. She was supposed to go back to Harry's fourth year, not his second year. Which tells us that her sudden sick likeness could possibly be a side effect." Severus explained. The subject being turned back towards Aralia and why she was likely sick was taking his mind off of Gabrielle, the truth he'd found out as to why she had not been near the house when he had looked for her. "You're saying that she's dying?" Remus asked with worry. She had saved his life in that Alleyway, could he not help save her? Nodding slowly, Severus's heart pounded in his chest as he confirmed this to Remus, "That's exactly what I'm saying." Though his tone was soft and weak as he said them, Severus watched the two men before he deflates with any kind of hope. "We can't just let this happen! Can't we find something that could help her?!" Sirius snapped. He didn't want to believe this, no, he didn't want to accept this. Poppy's sudden appearance on her way to Albus's office, her face full of remorse and bad news, her heart heavy with regret. She'd heard it all, hear Severus screaming on behalf of Gabrielle's death, his confession and the hopes from Sirius in finding some kind of cure to help Aralia not 'expire'. Concerned about the look she was given the three of them Severus's heart faltered, just a little. "Poppy?" The Nurse Witch was close to tears. She didn't know if she had the heart to tell them. "Severus… Remus… Sirius…" She named them softly, her bottom lip trembling. Her reaction had the filling with fear. "No… No, ple- please tell me she's not -" Sirius couldn't speak, he didn't know why this had him so tongue-tied. His legs felt weak and heart slamming against his rib cage with dread. Shaking her head softly Poppy knew that her news may have them wishing Aralia may have been better off in Death's arms, "No, but… Um, I- I'm afraid there is no amount of potions or charms, not even current cures we have the abilities to perform, that could stop her body from giving up on her." Her information sliced into each of them. Poppy even more for having to tell them. She had been thankful but concerned when Aralia had told her not to tell Harry, but to inform Molly and Arthur Weasley instead. As a precaution. Sirius had to fight to speak, his voice didn't wish to work, "Doe-does Harry know?" He asked. This couldn't be happening? Why was she being forced to suffer? She had come here to help them, now she was being punished by some unseen force? Shaking her head, Poppy nearly choked on her next words, "She didn't wish to frighten the boy. She did, however, have me send an Owl to Molly Weasley." She continued to inform them of the things she'd found out since getting Aralia back in her Hospital Wing. "She will be starting as of the end of this year, begin to have monthly visits form an in-home Doctor. For regular checkups. She has also…" This was what had Aralia breaking down in tears when Poppy had found this, something had looked strange to her before she'd mistrial vanished from her bed then had found being returned to her Hospital Wing by Severus carrying her in. "She has lost the chances of ever h-h-having children." This had Poppy's heartbreaking for the redheaded time traveler. She'd been through Hell in her time, and pain had continued to find her at almost every corner. "Where is Harry?" Sirius asked. "With Aralia, he refuses to leave her." Poppy answered. But the sudden screams and shouts coming from inside Albus's Tower. Curious like they always where they rushed back inside and found Albus red in the face with an angry look towards Cornelius, "You will not lay a hand to that woman Cornelius Fudge! My staff has brought you a Rat in our mists, the very person who was framed by this Wizard has brought him to justice with the aid of my staff and that of Aralia Potter, she is as much a part of this school as any of us here!" "She is not a Potter, Albus Dumbledore! She never existed until Mr. Potter's second year! My sources tell me that this woman appeared out of nowhere and miraculously claims to be Mr. Potter's cousin! This is a ruse set in by someone wanting Mr. Potter out of the care of his Aunt and Uncle, the boys' original Guardian's!" "That a load of Dragon's Dung and you know it!" Sirius snapped with rage, "Petunia the last, least of all preferred by Harry's parents to safeguard their son! I'm his legal Godfather! I'm the rightful sole guardian of the boy! Now, am I free or not!" He shouted. Huffing with enraged anger, Fudge nodded to Sirius Black, "Sirius Orion Black, your freedom has been granted by myself, Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. However, a hearing shall be done to permanently release you of the charges wrongfully brought against you twelve years ago. Come to the Ministry in three weeks, I will be sure to set up the date of said hearing and a letter shall be delivered to your address of residence, when provided an address, of the date you shall be attending. But as of tonight, I shall call the Dementors of Azkaban back to the Prison. But as for Miss… Well, whoever that woman is until I know who and what she is doing here, I shall have her removed from this school and that of the children here -" "You will not touch that woman!" Poppy shouted with fright. Completely dumbfounded, Fudge looked at the Nurse of Hogwarts with shock and a dropped jaw, "I beg your pardon Madam!" "You clearly heard Madam Pomfrey, Cornelius, Aralia shall remain on these grounds," Albus stated firmly. Taking a breath, Sirius looked to the Minister, he was getting angry and fed up, they could all tell. He was trying to safeguard the children, but what he wasn't understanding was that Aralia was harmless to the children, to anyone unless you tried harming anyone on these grounds. "Fudge, Aralia is not to be touched, whether you want to believe it or not, if you want to be sure those boys are safe in her care would it make you feel better if I gave you my own word that she is doing everything she can to care for Draco and Harry. As will I. I am Harry's Godfather after all, so technically, my legal claim to the boy has more strength over hers' and that of the Ministry of Magic, considering I was in fact framed and innocent." Sirius cleared up. "Not necessarily. If you want my head cool in knowing these children are safe and that those boys are as well in her care, I want her on watch 24/7. Do you hear me." Fudge demanded. And that had been the end of it. Where no one was happy Aralia was being questioned like this, they, even Aralia, understood where Fudge was concerned about. However, once the night had ended and morning came early, they found that Albus had 'lightly' suggested that life could still be saved. "Three turns should do it," He'd said smilingly before leaving. And just as Remus and Sirius were walking in to see how the kids were doing after Sirius had gotten cleaned up and fed the night the turned over Peter, they found Harry, Draco, and Hermione vanishing before their very eyes then the three running in behind them just moments after vanishing. Ron had been in shock and confused as ever, babbling to the three friends as they laughed at him, "Really Ron, how could we be in two places at once?" Harry asked, laughing along with Draco and Hermione. They had to, because of the consequences they could possibly suffer at being truly caught in it. The end of the year had been even more saddening, Remus John Lupin had resigned. Someone had let slip that he was a werewolf, he wasn't sure how it had happened, he could have sworn no one had seen him transforming during the moon cycle. But the rumor was true, and to prevent Albus from getting slammed by this, Remus had resigned. Pettigrew had been taken to trial and convicted, all on the same day as Sirius had been officially released from his charges. However, during his transport to Azkaban, the Auror's had been tricked and Peter Pettigrew had ratted away, escaping into the darkness of the night's cover. Remus had stayed with Aralia and Draco at the cottage, she had let Sirius claim official guardianship of Harry Potter, especially after Fudge's claim to want her out of the way. She was, technically, not the legal guardian appointed to Harry in the first place. She only got custody because Petunia had originally wanted the boy out of her household and since Sirius was Harry Original guardian, she felt no reason he should have been objected to it. Especially when Harry had been so happy and excited about having his Godfather, that Sirius had been innocent. She had found that only after a week of Harry being gone from her home, away from her and Draco, that the two had found themselves frequently visiting her cottage. I had become so frequent that they had connected a Floo Network to their fireplaces. Draco was currently spending some nights at Grimmauld Place with Harry while the adults held there few meetings at Aralia's place. Author had received tickets for the Quidditch World Cup, he had asked Sirius and Aralia if it would be alright to take Draco and Harry. Permission had been granted soon after the Weasley man had asked because the boys had been so excited that after permission had been granted Harry and Draco had hugged her and Sirius in a group hug with shocking strength the both of them thought they would either be squeezed to death or accidentally kissed from the hug pushing them close. The World Cup was in a few days which had Author collecting the boys from Sirius's place to stay with him and Molly for the remainder of the time, School would be starting shortly. ** Thank you for reading I know this was possibly a short chapter, apologies, either way, you have a wonderful night/day!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 12/2019 Chapter 14 "Remus, I have explained this several times. I was supposed to go back to his fourth year, this year. To stop him from being killed by that vial monster, but there was nothing in the papers about what happened, just that he was killed. Diggery brought Harry's body back, claiming Voldermort murdered him, the boy was later put into an Asylum by the Ministry of Magic, no one wanted to admit that Voldemort was back. But by the time the Daily Prophet were posting false claims of this Young Diggery had broken out and come to Albus, I know this much because I had one of Albus's Journals. Cedric came to him for a safe house. His father was contacted but left out of the information of where his son would be going, Sirius was the main keeper, a woman named Holly was the backup. But everything is different, I don't have the journals, I don't have anything at all. I am running on pure instinct and believe it or not, my instincts are terrible. Just like my way of raising a kid." She said sarcastically, she couldn't help but feel salty about Fudge's demands of being watched 24/7. "Aria, that is not true-" "Yes, it is! Sirius, I'm the one that's supposed to be caring for Harry until you were free, but at every corner, I've been the one that's needed saving - don't you dare say that isn't true Remus, we all know that's true. I'm a terrible guardian." Aralia grumbled only for a coughing fit began. The force of this episode was painful it had her legs weakening. Grabbing ahold of the countertop to keep her balance and brought tears to her eyes as she covered her mouth as she coughed. "Aria!?" Molly called with fright as she rushed over to her, "Dear Lord, are you alright?" She asked with worry. Brushing her long red hair from her face to check her over, "You're getting paler each day Aralia, you need rest." Shaking her head Aralia took a breath to calm her coughing fit, "I can rest when I'm dead Molly, but thank you for worrying. I'll alright… Eventually." She breathed with calming pain. Walking into the kitchen, Sirius sighed resting a hand to Molly's shoulders. A nod of his head to let him take a try to it. Nodding her head, Molly sighed and stepped back. Leaning against the countertop next to the redhead's leaning form he studied her tense self. Saw the pain she was in as her body lightly shock, "Aralia, you need rest." "Don't start Sirius, please… There's no saving me." She muttered softly, her breath wheezing from the blood that coated her throat. "The hat said you would loop thrice. And this is your second loop, in some ideas." Sirius softly spoke to her. "What exactly are you implying, Sirius?" She questioned. She couldn't have cared less about this thrice business. She just wanted Harry safe and to live. Leaning inward, Sirius rested his lips against the soft skin of her before her ear with a grin, "If I can't save you in this life, then maybe I can save you in the next." Leaning back from her warming skin, he held his grin back at knowing she was blushing, "I know what you're thinking, Aria, and I will not let you do it, not alone. You are not alone, so stop acting like you are the only one trying to keep my Godson safe, go rest and we will handle everything else. Molly take her to her room please - Aria, do not argue. You are sick and weakening by the days. Sleep." He demanded. There would be no arguing, Sirius wouldn't let her. She needed rest. Nodding, Molly helped Aralia to her room as her coughing fit started up once more and helped her lay back, "I'll mix some herbs and tea together for your sweetheart." "It's getting worse Molly. Nothing will help forever… But thank you." "Stop trying to give up on yourself dear, that boy cares about you, Remus and Severus, even Sirius cares for you, and so do I. Arthur has the children from the next few days so I will be here." She said sweetly, smiling at the weakening woman as she slipped into slumber quickly. Molly's heart ached as she watched Aralia's blue eyes flutter closed. Brushing her red hair gently as she studied the redhead. She had a heartbreaking feeling she may never see her again. As a couple of days passed, Aralia slept, that was until Arthur came back early with the children. The news hit them hard with fright because Harry and Draco were not with them. To this loud news, Aralia had woken up. Standing on the stairway to the kitchen Aralia was stiff with fear, "What do you mean they aren't with you? Where are they?" She questioned, fear flooding her. What if they were killed? Where they captured by the Death Eaters? Were they scared and lost? Were they okay? "I don't know, I took the children to the Burrow, I had to come here though, I needed help," Arthur said panting, he was out of breath still, then again it could have likely been because of his fear of losing the boys. They never made it to the Port Key. Needless to say, Aralia was quickly gone, likely heading for the World Cup to look for the boys. Sirius sighed, "Remus," and Disapparated after her, Remus ad Arthur following after him. Arriving at the disaster, Aralia stared in shock at the burning destruction. The burnt tents and the chard ground told its own tail as she walked barefoot, draped in a long, dark blue nightdress and her silk robe, Aralia wandered around frantically for the boys, the sudden blast of magic flying up into the sky which formed the bright green ominous skull with the snake slithering through its open mouth and around the skull had her shivering in terror. Jumping into a run she began shouting for the boys. Possibly scaring off the person who'd conjured the vile curse she had lived with seeing. It was only used in her time to show that another rebel had been caught and executed. It was to mark the location of where the body had been left. "Harry! Draco! BOYS!" His heart jumping into his throat as he rushed after the redhead. Grabbing her, Sirius pulled him back into his arms and covered her mouth from shouting, "Aria! Hush, if you run around screeching you will be sealing your death before you could even save the boy!" Sirius growled into her ear. "Aunt Aria!" The sudden shout of the boy's voice startled them all, until, "STUPIFY!" Followed by, "STOP! THAT'S MY SON!" Arthur's horrifying scream had many shaken. But his fright had both Sirius and Aralia rushing towards the now shouting people, finding Harry, Ron, Hermione and Draco in a circle of one another, all the boys protecting Hermione while Arthur and Remus spoke with the Auror's and the Minister of Magic with much anger and irritation of them. Aralia and Sirius rushed out to them all, "Draco! Harry!" "Boys! Hermione, are you alright!" "Aralia, Sirius!" "Harry, you said there was a man here?" Arthur questioned the boy with worry as the others rushed around to search for him. At the boy's nod, Sirius looked between Aralia and Arthur, "Who?" Shaking his head and a small shrug, "Don't know, di-didn't see his face." He admitted. "Let's get you, kids, back to the burrow, come on." "Yes, I agree, however, I will be having a word with a few of you, Ron Hermione, what were you two doing out here? I told you to stay at the house." Arthur questioned as they made their way back to the Burrow. "We wanted to help find Harry and Draco," Ron said admittingly. "Well, next time leave the search to us adults, yes. Come now, it's dangerous enough out here as it is." Arthur said ushering them. September 1994 "This is outrageous! How could they not know who conjured that thing! Wasn't there any form of Security." Hermione bellowed in irritation as she read the Daily Prophet. Draco and Ron were trying not to laugh at her, "Loads, according to dad. But they have no idea how they even got in," Ron informed the irritated Witch, that still hadn't calmed herself down, Draco was about to make her irritation worse, "Sirius and Remus were talking with Arthur a few nights ago, they think they got in before the World Cup started. When they were getting things ready." It was a bit funny to watch Hermione huff and puff over something that was out of their control, but it was entertaining, nonetheless. "So, wait a moment. They think those people were originally guests there for the game?" Hermione asked, her concern and anger rising as they continued the conversation. It hadn't passed anyone's notice that things seemed to be getting worse as the years went on. Ever since their first year at the school, when Voldemort was mentioned, and things began to be set in motion to give aid to the Dark Wizard in the hopes of his followers that he'd be returned to his body and power restored. Though their attention was happily redirected at Harry when he had suddenly rubbed his forehead, right over the scar, he had been quiet for some of the rides and it hadn't escaped anyone's notice, he was never this silent. Hermione had beaten the boys to him before they even had a chance to open their mouth, "It's hurting again, isn't it?" Harry was caught, he knew she was smart, but he didn't think she'd see that little action, "I'm fine, just a headache." However, he knew she wouldn't believe it, none of them did, and Draco only proved that when he raised a brow with a grinned look of 'Really?" Ron snickered at them all, he had his short entertainment for now when Hermione called Harry out once again, "You know Sirius will want to hear about this. The Dark Mark and the dreams." Hoping he could talk his way out of it Harry shrugged with a playful laugh, a laugh that they did not buy at all, "I'm fine, really Hermione-" Draco hopped up from his seat and bounces his butt off the cushions next to his dazing friend with a deep grin, "There's no arguing, come on. Get writing, Hermione's right. Sirius will want to know, as well Aralia, especially since you've been tossing and turning because of those crazy dreams all summer. Not saying a word. They're going to find out sooner or later, sorry." With a defeated sigh, Harry unpacked the needed things to write his letter to Sirius then sent it off with Hedwig. "Feel better?" Hermione asked with a grin, her eyes never leaving the book she was currently reading after having enough of the Daily Prophet. Harry and the others giggled with one another after a few intense seconds of silence. Their arrival at Hogwarts was a very welcoming environment that everyone always enjoyed. Though, it did not go unnoticed that a few things were out of order that the returning students noticed seconds after they sat in their seats. Aralia was sitting off away from Professor Snape between Hagrid, but a new person had definitely caught the student's attention. Sirius Black was sitting on the other side of Aralia. 'When did those two get close?' Harry and Draco thought, even sharing a confused expression. Ron and Hermione had even taken notice. That was strange, normally Aralia had a seat next to Snape. Had something happened? In the turn of events, Snape was distancing himself from many people, Aralia included. Dumbledore walked to his podium and began his usual speech for the new students, "Sirius Black, has been acquitted of all charges, he was indeed innocent of what he had been accused of, the real killer, all those terribly years ago, has been found guilty. So, fear not. There is no danger here, Professor Black will be here as an aid to security and to any added help from the Professors of the school. Also, this year, Hogwarts will be host to two different schools that have been chosen, along with Hogwarts, to participate in a Tournament. The winner of this Tournament shall be the winner of the Triwizard Cup, and much more. These two schools will be joining us here at Hogwarts in October where three champions will be chosen to compete in this tournament. One student from each school shall represent their school as they go through the challenges. Now, enough talk, I believe you are all hungry so, shall we eat?" Dumbledore said with a smile and food began appearing in rows on the tables, allowing everyone to dig into the glorious tasting meals. Ginny and Hermione both couldn't help but giggle at hearing this news, it was exciting, and very unexpectedly. Unfortunately, their fun moments of being back at school were not to last since everyone was looking at Draco rather strangely as the night went on, they weren't used to him being anywhere but the Slytherin table and in Slytherin green robes. He was now at the Gryffindor table and in the Lion's colors of Ruby red and gold. The Slytherin's were the ones that were most vocal about it, in the form of the one and only, Dagny Malfoy, "So, wait, you got resorted? That's impossible… Draco… Hey, dimwit." Dagny growled at being ignored and threw a balled-up piece of paper at the back of his brother's head, drawing Draco's attention with a glare, "What's it to you, Dagny. It's none of your business what happened. Now bugger off." "Aw, is baby brother upset because Mummy and Daddy don't want you anymore?" Dagny laughed. Ron and Harry looked up from their plates at one another instantly, Hermione's eyes lit with shock and rage as she watched, but the boys quickly grabbed a hold of Draco before he turned to punch the kid. Harry held his left, Ron held his right and Dean had nearly jumped over the table and grabbed a hold of Draco's shirt and robes, "Easy man, he isn't worth it," Dean said with a shack of his head. Ron's eyes wide with fear as he agreed with Dean, "Yeah, Dean's right man, Dagny ain't worth it." He wasn't worried about Draco one bit, he was scared because Dagny just signed his death warrant. Harry patted Draco's back, trying to help the guys calm him down, "Yeah, come on Draco, let's just finish out super." Unfortunately, and understandably, it wasn't working. Harry and the others 100% understood why, they'd have reacted the very same way, especially since that wasn't what was happening with the Malfoy family at all. Harry and Ron were nearly petrified with worry, Draco was not calming down at all, "Hermione, get over here, now, hurry." Harry's voice was barely above a painful whisper, he was glad when she dashed under the table and slipped between Harry and Draco, "Hey, Draco. Look at me… Draco, look at me." She took a sigh of relief when he glanced at her, his eyes burning with anger and tears he wanted to let fall. But he would not let Dagny win this. "Just ignore him, you know it isn't true, your mother loves you," Hermione spoke softly to him, trying to remind Draco why he was with Aralia. Narcissa had left her down with the woman because she needed her son safe. Ron slowly let Draco's robes go and watched Hermione's work her 'magic', she was good at keeping the three boys calm. They were shocked when Draco took a deep breath to help calm his anger and took hold of Hermione's hand around his and squeezed a few times. He knew the pressure would be enough to a simmer his rage down just a degree, he wanted to put a vice-like grip, but he knew if he did that, he'd not only hurt her, he could break her entire hand. And that was the last thing he wanted to do, "Really Draco, you need girls to help calm you down, what a flower, b- AH! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL IS THIS! YOU STUPID INBRED!" No one was expecting Lavender Brown to get red in the face with anger and toss her plate at him, covering Dagny Malfoy in every bit of food she had put on it, just to throw it at the bullying Slytherin and voice a few choice words herself. "Back off! You arrogant git!" Lavender screeched, now this definitely made Draco feel better when he turned and saw a massacre of food slipping down Dagny's face and messing into his hair with chocolate cakes and smothered in chocolate sauce and other gooey dessert foods. Dagny always seemed to find himself on the wrong end of someone's wrath and ended up getting humiliated every time he tried going at it with one of the golden four. It seemed no one was that intimidated by him. This knowledge only seemed to piss him off more than he had been in the year he'd attended Hogwarts and the summer he had moved into Malfoy Manor and beat the life half out of Draco. 'I think I'll start with that puff-haired flower wearing bitch!' His mind was getting darker as he grew, none of his tricks worked with those four, and they definitely didn't work against the Weasley twins, the last time he tried that he got his prank turned back on him, but he also got a bag of sweet sick treats stuck in his candy bag and a none burning firecrackers put under his sheets in his dorm room. All because his prank the day before had gotten Ginny which sent the girl to the hospital wing when his prank exploded in her face knocking her out. 'It was just a stupid knock out potion in the first place, it didn't even hurt the brat!' "So, wait, if we're having the Tournament here through the school year, does that mean we don't have Quidditch tryouts this year at all?" Ginny asked suddenly when the thought occurred to her. She had directed the question at Harry. He shrugged, not really knowing the answer himself and he too was curious. If that was the case for this year, he and Draco were going to be disappointed, they had been trying to convince Ron to try out for Quidditch the entire summer if they were going to have the chance to play this year. Draco's first year as a Gryffindor, Harry had no idea what he was going to do but it was something else that grabbed his attention, no one was introduced as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts, "Hey, is it just me or did Dumbledore not say who was the new Defense Against the Dark Arts." Harry asked, eyeing the table. "Maybe Sirius is doing it?" Draco suggested with a shrug, but he too was confused, because Dumbledore had in fact not introduced anyone as their new teacher. "This should be interesting," Ron said with a shrug and continued eating, though, everyone's fun nature and laughing moments weren't going to last past that moment when the Magically tricked ceiling began lighting and thundering, shaking the room and frightening the new students causing them to shriek in fear and slid under the tables. The returning students simply gasped with shock and ducked their heads, no one left that hall unshaken from the sudden change in the ceiling. No one saw who cast a spell up into the ceiling, calming it instantly and returning it back to the star-covered roof over their heads. Their attention was drawn to an older, greying man, his fake eye scanning the Hall and a bad limp using a large walking stick. He was soaked from the rain. He'd obviously walked a long way in the heavy weather and he was a very cranky looking man, and to have been as drowned wet as he was. Everyone watched in shock as Dumbledore walked up to the man, shook his hand and patted his arm in welcome, they had no idea what was being said. "Stupid ceiling never liked that blasted thing," Alastor grumbled. Dumbledore continued to watch the retired Auror like he hadn't eaten in days and became concerned when he began taking large swigs from his flask. Seeing his concern and accusing look, Alastor looked at his flask and shrugged like it was nothing, "Pumpkin Juice. So, why did you need me here at such a short timing Dumbledore?" Dumbledore showed him to a chair at the teacher's table then walked back to the podium with a wide and happy smile, "Alastor Moody has joined us here for this school year to take over the position as the Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor." Then walked back to his chair and began conversing with the still dripping wet man, "Thank you for coming on such a short notice Alastor. I fear for my student, and with the Tournament on its way in October, I can't help but worry more, that time is such an opportunity for something to go wrong. I need eyes, your skills, and an Auror my friend. Harry and Aralia will need extra caution while here this year. She is ill, Alastor, very ill. But for now, Harry is our first concern. Aralia can handle herself..." "Agreed, for now, all we can do is wait and keep our eyes and ears open for any signs of the Darkness." Whispers erupted through the tables yet again, this time all directed at Alastor Moody, "Alastor Moody is here? Isn't he supposed to be retired?" Ron asked Draco and the twins, all three just shrugged confusion, they'd only heard of him, barely any of them had met the man. All they knew was that he was the reason most of the cells in Azkaban were full. Hermione was struck in shock and looked to the boys with confusion like everyone else wondered why he was there at the school for the Teaching Position of the Dark Arts, "The Auror?" "Yeah, but he's supposed to be retired, haven't a clue as to why he'd come here for a teaching position, the man's loony. Paranoid as ever," Draco said staring at the man who was talking with Dumbledore, "Yeah, supposedly he didn't retire, he was forced to leave because he was so paranoid." Classes began the next day, and everyone was curious about how the Dark Arts class was going to go. And it didn't go so well either. Mad-Eye had stormed into class shouting for it to be silent, vigorously wrote his name on the board and clearly stated, "I am here because Dumbledore asked me too, end of story," And began class, everyone shaking in their seats, even Hermione was afraid of him, and that girl could have a backbone. September ended and the guests would be arriving shortly in the next few days. Draco was beginning to get frightened. Dagny's expressions and demeanor had changed drastically, his harmless pranks had escalated when he set a trap for half of the Weasleys. Lavender had been sent to the hospital, taking the trick in place of George when she had spotted it seconds before it went off and now had scraped and bruises and a nasty bump on her head with a cut at her hairline towards her right temple, it would likely scar. No one truly knew who had set the thing up or placed it, Peeves was definitely not saying simply because he thought it was hilarious and had received a bump on the head from the Bloody Baron. But they all knew who it was, Dagny Malfoy, unfortunately, they had no proof to accuse the jerk. It was two weeks before Halloween when a carriage of flying horses and a very tall woman in a fur coat with short hair cut in a bob style arrived. She'd stepped out, helped by Dumbledore, both smiling wide and kissed each other's cheeks in welcome. "Welcome, Madam Maxim, how wonderful of you to join us," Dumbledore said with an excited smile to the tall woman. "Ah, Dumbly-dorr, what a pleasure to be 'ere. I 'Ope I find you well?" The Madam asked, a pleased smile as they spoke, "In excellent form, thank you, Madam, please, won't you and your lovely students join us for supper Dear Lady?" With a wide, happy smile she spoke, "Of course, my pupils," Madam Maxime began, turned to the carriage and several young ladies walked out, dressed in beautiful silk blues. Backs straight, their bodies and feet moving like they were professional dancers and all smiling wide as they looked at the stone castle, "Ah, yes. My dear friend, Zank you for ze invite." She thanked him. Smiling with a nod, Albus walked the tall woman towards the hall, "Shall we eat?" "Yes, of course. 'As Karkaroff arrived yet?" Maxime asked with curiosity. However, she didn't sound so excited about the man being there. "I'm afraid not Madam, but I'm sure he shall be along shortly." He stated. The man was pain and not much to trust but he was the Headmaster of Durmstrang. They were off to the dining hall, Aralia, Dumbledore and Madam Maxime all conversing and laughing as they entered the Great Hall for dinner to start, now all they had to do was wait for Karkaroff and his students to arrive. Everyone sat, chatting with excitement. Madam Maxime held her shoulder's back as she walked tall, even though she was already tall, spine straight and walking with a happy smile to be at Hogwarts. She was shocked at seeing Sirius Black and was slightly concerned. But as she watched a redhead walk to him, whispering something to him. Olympe watched cautiously for the women's safety yet found her interest in the two as Sirius gently rested a hand to her waist as she spoke to him, the soft brush of his thumb to the fabric covering her skin had Olympe raising a brow as she took her seat Albus had so graciously pulled out for her and gently pushed her in towards the table like a gentleman. Leaning over to Albus, her eyes never leaving Sirius and Aralia, "Tell me, Professor Dumbly-Dor, are zey-" Curisu himself as she spoke to him, Albus caught on quickly at her stopped question and followed her line of sight, nearly chuckling at the sight he too saw, "Surprisingly no, Madam, they simply care for his Godson and the boy's friends, Mr. Malfoy." He informed her casually, a smirk on his face. "She is ill, he is helping her where he can. Fear not," Albus quickly consoled the now worried woman, "She is not contagious, I assure you Madam Maxime, there have been many things happening, her ailment was… Unexpected. Incurable I'm afraid." He sighed sadly. To this, Maxime grew concerned. Though she may have been reassured the woman was not contagious, she felt worrisome for the man. Is the redhead was incurable, would he too be alright. Her soft heart ached for them. " 'er name?" Maxime asked. Her hand over her heart as she watched them. "Aralia," Albus informed his guest. "Aralia, Sirius, come met, Maxim." Albus gently called them over. The two nodded and made their way to the Professor and the Headmistress of Beauxbaton Academy. From there the three held a lovely conversation. "You make a lovely couple," Olympe whispered to them both, a grin on her face as Aralia blushed and looked to Sirius and Maxime with slight confusion. Her cheeks burned a bit more at Sirius's chuckle and nod. Her mind finally noticing Sirius's hand which had been resting at her low back for some time and eased herself from his side, "You know I um… I'm a little parched, I think I get myself some water, it was lovely to meet you Madam Maxim, talk to you soon?" "Mos' definitely my dear," Olympe grinned as she waved her off, "Apologies, Monsieur Black, I could not 'help myself." Olympe apologized. Her smile is still intact. "Not at all Madam Maxim, I should make sure she is alright, she gets nervous easily." Sirius smiled, taking Olympe's hand and kissed her knuckles. "Madam, Albus." He said with his soft charm and walked after Aralia, a grin on his face. Olympe had pointed out Sirius's intentions to Aralia, it was likely she had not noticed until that night he had been flirting just a little. She had been close with Severus and she had been trying to keep herself closed off from many of them and continued to attempt to get Snape to speak to her. The man was a blind fool. Or he just didn't care. Snape had been clear that Lily and Gabrielle were the only loves he'd ever be able to love in his life, and they were dead. Sirius felt somewhat sorry for Snape, simply because he was not trying to move on past the two women's deaths. But in his attempts to keep Aralai from entering his heart, he was hurting her as well. "Aralia?" "I'm fine, just a little… I don't know to be honest." She admitted as she paced back and forth in the slightly chilly halls. Smiling at her actions Sirius leaned against the wall and simply watched, his arms crossed over his chest, "Flustered," Stopping at her pace, she looked at the man watching her. Her heartbeat sped up, almost pounding out of her chest and her cheeks burned bright red. "Flustered? I am flustered." She stammered, trying to calm herself. "I don't have the luxuries to be flustered, Sirius. There's no point in it, I won't be here long enough to fall in love with anyone-" "And yet you feel for Snape?" "I did not fall for Severus, I said I fell in love with a man who was like Severus -" "Yet here you are pacing and unable to control yourself at one woman's compliment about us." He stated, moving from his comfortable place against the wall and closed the distance between himself and her. Looking down into her bright blue eyes Sirius felt his heart jump into his throat. She was beautiful. "That is irrelevant." Her breath hitched as he walked towards her, backing herself into the wall behind herself she found herself burning with warmth. "How so? Because I give you attention where he does not?" He couldn't help it, he enjoyed the way she reacted to him, her blushes, her catching breaths, her constant refusal to look him in the eyes. "No one's ever returned any of my feelings, why should I get used to it now?" She whispered a confession. Her blush vanishing at the memories of confessing her feelings to Alphard only to have been rejected. He hadn't liked her until she had been attacked. By that time she had done her best to numb herself from him. He'd hurt her once, he'd hurt her again, and the next time could have been worse. Hearing this had Sirius confused, but now a few things were coming into light. Brushing her soft red hair from covering her face as she looked down towards her feet, Sirius held her cheek in hand, lifting her face to look at him before kissing her forehead, no matter how much he wanted to kiss her at the moment, he didn't think it was the right moment. "The men in your previous time were fools, Aralia." He whispered. Her eyes are soft and slightly dazed as she looked at him closely with slight shock. Smiling at her reaction, Sirius sighed and brushed her hair back from her face, "You need to eat when you've settled yourself return to supper." He said before going back to the Hall. **Thank you for reading I hope you enjoyed. You're all probably thinking why, or finally. I'll explain… I have a plan for that time. So, keep up, sorry I took too long in getting this chapter up.
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 12/2019 Chapter 15 Dumbledore had moved from his chair and met Filch near the Podium, no one was able to hear a thing they spoke so softly but Filch had simply nodded to the Professor and went jogging back down the Hall and out the doors, "It seems our second guest has arrived. Please, allow me to introduce the Sons of Durmstrang and their Headmaster, Igor Karkaroff." Albus introduced the Durmstrang students as they burst through the doors leaving many girls in awe and the boys grumbling about lost causes this year with the ladies. The staff, minus Aralia, Maxime and Sirius, were stunned in wonder and adoration when the students stood before the Professor's tables waiting to be welcomed and asked to take their seats. Everyone watched Dumbledore embrace Igor with a welcoming hug, "Igor, welcome my friend," This welcoming only seemed to upset Aralia's stomach more. The name had sent Aralia's heart to her stomach making her pale as she walked back to join the feast, more so when Albus embraced the Headmaster. Aralia felt she was going to faint or be sick, this brought Sirius and Snape's attention in her direction. Worried as to what may be the matter, Sirius quickly had her take her seat beside himself near the end of the table, "Aria? What is it, Love…Aralia, talk to me…" Seeing the distress at the end of the table, Maxime moved to join Sirius and knelt beside them as she inspected the redhead's pale nature, she looked dreadful. "Whatever is ze matter, Aralia?" Maxime asked, fanning the young woman. She seemed to be having trouble breathing outward but was taking in air without a problem, like a terrible hyperventilation seizure. This realization frightened the French woman and Sirius terribly. Her breath caught in her throat and chest as she stared at the male students and Igor walking in, "I -Igor - bu-but I thought - Sirius, I think I'm going to be sick." "Really, I didn't notice." He joked with some humor, though he had to say she looked closer to fainting than anything. 'Does Dumbledore not know he is a Death Eater!' She couldn't believe this! Worst of all, Aralia could not voice anything! She was frozen! She knew his face from the posters, she knew his face from his files. He traded Voldemort for his freedom of Azkaban! He could easily turn on them to keep himself from being slaughtered by Voldemort! It was Snape that seemed to finally catch on and quickly whispered to Sirius, informing him of why she was reacting so. But their attempts to remove Aralia from the Staffs table was in vain, Igor had seen her and grinned wide to her and Sirius, though he said nothing, only giving a nod of acknowledgment. Though it was his favorite student that had seen her ill-natured state and questioned it, "Is she alright?" He had caught something himself and hoped she was alright, though he wondered with how ill she looked if she should even be attending the feast tonight. "She'll be alright, thank you." Sirius quickly thanked the boy with a nod before removing her from the dining Hall. Poppy smiled with a grateful nod to the young man's concern and took over from the three who were trying to calm the frantic woman, "Uh, yes. Merely feeling a bit under the weather." Poppy quickly acted in, moving from her chair and excused herself to follow after Sirius carrying Aralia in his arms from the hall, "She's in good hands Severus, please, sit and finish dinner." Minerva said attempting to comfort his worries. "Right, Poppy seems to know how to help her… I don't see, however, why he had to usher her out in such an obvious manner. We have students who will notice and become worried." He was not liking the closeness Sirius Back was attempting to bring between Aralia and himself. She had a mission and she needed to focus on it. There was no time to playhouse. Seeing Minerva's worry, Albus placed his hand over her own, "She will be alright Minerva. Poppy and Sirius are with her. We cannot all go after them. After all, we will worry about the students." He informed her. Dumbledore and Barty Crouch went on that night before dismissing everyone once dinner was over that the cup will choose three Champions over the next week and anyone under the age of seventeen would be unfit to participate in the tournament, purely for the student's safety. This had obviously sent an irritated uproar around the Great Hall, the louder shouts coming from Fred and George and Dagny Malfoy, and many others. It was to no one's notice that Igor and Alastor were bound to have plenty of strong-headed moments, as was Aralia. Trouble was about to start. The difference about this year was that Harry and the rest had both Aralia and Sirius there at school with them. It was going to get interesting. Aralia didn't trust Igor worth her own life, least of all with the students. And Alastor was another thing she didn't like. Something was every off, very strange. She remembered reading something about him being at the school for this year, there was something important that she could not remember worth her own beating heart! 'Why did Teddy's journal have to disappear!' Poppy was worried, Aralia's illness was something she could not work miracles with, least of all predict. However, this was different, this was a mental and emotional reaction to something, but it didn't help her with the thought that Aralia looked as if she were getting worse. Was this her illness? "Aralia, what happened? What is the matter? Is it your illness?" She asked laying the young woman back into a bed and began checking her, "Igor, he's a Death Eater… Does Dumbledore not know that? He's- he's dangerous -" Her stuttering words were silenced as the doors to the Hospital wing. Dumbledore walked in calmly, Minerva rushing around him, running to Aralia's bedside to check on the witch, "Are you alright?" Minerva was petrified. She could not lose Aralia. Not only was she seeing her daughter in the woman she saw the pain she was in every day, she was a strong woman, but she was young. Living in her harsh upbringing may have been one thing, but it seemed she was never mentally, least of all emotionally, prepared for anything. 'If I ever get my hands on those idiots, I'll likely strangely them to unconsciousness.' Minerva couldn't help it, this woman had become family to her, but now she was slowly dying. All because her order member's in her time had thought it would be a one-way trip and winging the damn mission with no true understanding of consequences! It seemed she had been the only one to have researched the Time-Turner. No one gave any motioned thought as to what would, or could, happen to their body and health. "Albus -" Aralia stared, her bright blue eyes wide with fear as she looked around Minerva. Raising his hand to her to silence her Albus nodded, understanding her deep concern. "I swear to you, Igor Karkaroff is no danger to Sirius or yourself, nor the children. He bargained information for his freedom years ago. Yes, he is a Death Eater, but he abandoned Voldemort the moment he was arrested." Dumbledore said calmly to her panicking self. He had seen her ill state, even more so when Viktor had asked if she was alright, who had a small cold he was just getting over himself but had asked simply because he saw how pale and sickly, she appeared. Dumbledore knew she must have noticed Igor or knew who he had been involved with in the past, probably from the wanted posters and possibly some misinformation over the years into her time. She had studied Voldemort after all, unfortunately, all her information and research had vanished just a few months after her arrival. So, she was running blind and truly, 'winging' this since then. He wanted to comfort her worries she understandably had, though he had a feeling that it wasn't going to be easy. "Albus, he traded information for his freedom, how can you trust him when he traded one devil for a different demon?" Aralia barked. She was frightened and furious that Albus would trust Igor, however, how was Igor any different from Severus? With a sigh, he said something he knew would probably come back and bite him, "He is no different than Severus my dear lady." He notified her. Part of that was very true, however, they were very different. "Albus, Severus Snape traded one demon for another because he wanted to save someone he cared about, Igor did it to save himself. There is a big difference there." Her worry and panic had ultimately turned on her and bit her in the butt. Her blood boiled and burned her into a sweat. Grabbing her head as her eyes began to spin made her nauseous. with a small nod, Dumbledore knew that was a slightly bad example on his part, but it had been worth a try. He had tried none the less, "Karkaroff is no danger to anyone here, why would I allow someone into my school that would cause such disorder and chaos? You trust me, yes?" "I know you ever a reason for everything, Albus, but yes -" Nodding he cut her off again, she looked terrible. "Then rest and trust that nothing will happen. I have taken extra precautions. That is why Sirius is here. Now sleep. Poppy, she is yours." Albus stated then walked out leaving the Nurse and Minerva to fret over the ill redhead. As the days moved forward as any other, Alastor had performed the three unforgivable curses one morning to his Dark Arts class, poor Neville had suffered the worse when Alastor subjected a spider to the Cruciatus curse. Then subjected another to the Imperius curse. Hermione, unfortunately, had rushed to Aralia as soon as the day had ended and told her what had happened, that she'd closed her eyes and bit her tongue when he killed the third spider after placing it on her desk in front of her, "There is only one person as of today that has ever survived that curse, and he's sitting in this room."Alastor had pointed his glance towards Harry and Ron instantly felt uneasy, his entire group of close friends had just been petrified all in one day by Alastor Moody. With Draco's arms around Hermione as she tried to calm herself, a hand covering her mouth to keep her from crying out loud, Neville looked like he was spacing and in fear, shaking in his robes, and Harry had leaned back into his chair like the action would help him move away from Alastor's eyes. They were all very uncomfortable. The only funny thing about the class was when he had sent one of the spiders into Dagny's and Goyle's face, his blond hair looked as if it had paled nearly snow white. Aralia had stormed Alastor's office that night after supper with Sirius on her heels, "Aralia!" "Alastor! You know damn well those curses are not to be performed lightly, least of all in the presence of children!" She shouted. Grumbling as he shifted in his seat, Alastor turned his attention to her, "Aralia Potter… Did you know that your file never existed up until 1992." Feeling her rage at the subject change Aralia took in a deep breath as her fists clenched, "I'm aware." Her tone was angry, filled with stern irritation as she stared his smirking self-down. "However, we both know this is not the subject we are on." "No, it's the subject I am on. Why is it that you don't show up on anyone's memory until 1992. I wonder." He stated, taking a drink of something from his flask. Watching his every move, Aralia's eyes narrowed on him, "Those curses are unforgivable for a reason, Moody, those were children you just presented those too. It was unethical as a Professor and traumatizing as teenagers." "Oh? And you of all people would know the effects of that kind of trauma? I wonder how that's possible, considering the Potter's were… Very well endowed." Alastor decided to go along with the conversation. "I know more about trauma at that kind of age more than you may realize…Professor Alastor." Aralia muttered. "That's, once more, interesting." Alastor grinned as he stood from his seat, limping as he walked towards her. His smirk still wide across his face as he got within in a slightly uncomfortable distance with her. "And since you randomly showed in 1992, out of nowhere. Miss. Potter. I'd suggest you leave my classroom's domain where it belongs… With me. Have a nice night. Black, show your girl out of my office will ya." Alastor barked with irritation. Aralia was slightly shocked at being lifted up and rushed out of Alastor's office just as quickly as she had barged in and down the halls. "What the hell Sirius." She demanded with irritation as soon as she was set down on her feet after they were far enough down the halls and stairs. But it was his sudden panicked look as he looked up and around the corners of the halls. Looking back to Aralia Sirius took a breath to help keep his composure at the hat he'd just witnessed. "You're right. Alastor may have come at you like that but he'd never have called me Black. He knew my first name, called me by my first name while he worked my case, well-tried too, the Ministry shut him down on working my case as fast as they could in a couple of weeks. He barely had the chance to make a proper file. When I was cleared after Peter, he wrote to me congratulating my freedom and apologizing that he wasn't able to do much of anything. He never used my last name, always my first name. It's the first thing we learn as an Auror. Just because someone may look like a friend, in the magical world it could be a foe..." He whispered his explanation. ** Thank you for reading! I hope You've all enjoyed it! I know the chapter was short I apologize. Still, hope it was good though!
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character OCS' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgment! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 12/2019 Chapter 16 The Goblet of Fire Chooses Everyone was gathering in the great hall for the Champions to be picked, everyone was joking about and playfully shoving one another, "Yeah, rather you than me," Harry shot back to Ron and Draco but really, he was kind of being serious, he already had enough 'fame' going around his name, he didn't want nor need any more. But fate, once more, was going to be cruel. Dumbledore had waited long enough for the students to quiet down for him to begin speaking, "Silence! Tonight, we choose our champions, these three champions will be facing three very dangerous tasks that will put them through trials of themselves. Body and mind. Now, once chosen, you stand alone." With his warning set in stone everyone, students, Staff and Headmasters, and Mistress watched Dumbledore turn to the blue flaming Cup, touching the warm metal, awaiting the first chosen Champion. Watching with adoration and wonder as blue flames swirled around inside and spit out a flaming piece of parchment, rimmed with a shining silver into the air and into the Hogwarts Headmaster's awaiting hand. The anticipation was once again set into everyone, those who put their name in the cup and those who were hoping for their friend or significant other to be chosen as the champion. "Champion of Beauxbaton, Fleur Delacour!" Cheers and whistles came from around the entire Hall, everyone watched the bouncy blonde walk up to Dumbledore, shaking his hand and thank him then took her place upon the high stage that had been cleared of the Professor's table for this event to occur. "Quiet please…" Dumbledore called out, catching the next Champion, "Champion of Durmstrang, Viktor Krum!" the boy jumped with excitement, finally proud he could prove himself, quickly walked to Dumbledore to shake his hand with pride and took his place next to Fleur, and understandably ended up checking her out. And why wouldn't he, he was a young man and she was a very beautiful young woman, any man would be blind to not think she was gorgeous. "Hogwarts Champion, Cedric Diggory!" Cheers erupted from the hall, louder than the other two champions had received. It should have been obvious since they were at Hogwarts that the Hogwarts Champion would get the louder of the cheers and congratulations, "Excellent! Now that we have our three champions-" Albus was silenced at the reactions of the students and that of the other Wizards and Witches present for this Game. The cup was not finished. Flashes of blue and bright purple swirled up from the cup lighting the entire hall. Everyone looked on in wonder and curiosity as the flames spit out another piece of parchment, a name attached that struck him in the gut, filling him with utter fear. Dumbledore had to re-read the name three times to himself before he dared to speak it. Even then, his voice was soft and full of confusion. "Harry Potter?" Three champions were supposed to be chosen, and three they had. Why was a fourth, and one that shouldn't have even been able to get his name into the cup was evidence something was by far wrong, and in this result, the Cup's manipulation had made a liar out of him to the young Wizards guardians. One was a woman he adored as his own family, but one he knew he had concern for if she was ever crossed into depths, and in the state she was in, crossing her was not exactly hard to do. Dumbledore spoke with full shock and uncertainty and fearful upon announcing the name. But when Harry hadn't approached once he'd called for the boy twice already, "HARRY POTTER!" He shouted, outraged and looking around for the fourth year. Dumbledore himself had put a charm around the Goblet of Fire, so of course, he was enraged and confused. Harry had not yet moved, and honestly was trying to hide behind Draco and Ron. Hermione was petrified in her spot between Harry and Neville, Ginny sitting behind her and behind Ron. She was grateful to the gentle hand Ginny gave her, a calming squeeze to her shoulder, that woke the frightened girl up from her shock. "Harry, for goodness sake's go," She forced the words out and gently shoved him down from the stands and into the isles of the Great Hall, forcing him to slowly walk towards Dumbledore and the rest. Minerva covered her mouth, hoping to hide her fear and panic. Snape stood with shocked eyes and mouth gaping open. Mad-eye looked like he always did, stern and cold eyes drilling into him as he watched Harry walk on unsteady legs towards Dumbledore. Harry looked at Snape, eyes pleading for help, unfortunately, as much as Snape would love to help Harry, he could do absolutely nothing and watched him turn his pleading eyes to Aralia and Sirius, who was staring wide-eyed at him, both with a look of terror. Aralia was in disbelief. This couldn't be happening. 'It happened. BUT HOW! We took every precaution! Even I put a charm around it!' Students shouted about how he'd cheated and that he wasn't even seventeen yet. 'Tell me something I don't know! What is going on?' Harry was told to go down to the trophy room after the celebrations were over, but honestly, he felt like hiding and vomiting. No one but Neville and Draco, shockingly, would speak to him. Trophy Room Harry took a breath, trying to fill himself with some courage as he walked down the steps towards the trophy room on shaking legs, he didn't want to be there, he was terrified and confused. He sighed with relief when he saw Fleur and Cedric. He had only taken two steps towards someone he thought could be a possible friend to help calm him down, but his hopes for a calming environment was viciously interrupted by shouts and yells of an argument. "Harry!" Dumbledore shouted, rushing down the stairs toward him. "Harry James!" Sirius shouted. Aralia was hot on his heels as they all stormed the Trophy Room. 'Oh crap. Honestly, I don't think I'll survive to see the first task, please just let her kill me now? Better yet, have them expel me for the year and I'll do home-schooling for the year. Yeah, that sounds like a nice idea.' " 'Arry Potter!" The voice obviously belonging to Madam Maxime, rushing up behind Dumbledore. Dumbledore nearly stumbled in his quickened pace and caught himself with Harry who had stumbled back at the sudden contact and closeness. "Harry! Did you put your name in the Goblet of fire!" "No, sir!" Harry said in a panic. "Are you absolutely sure!?" Dumbledore had to know, he could have been cursed, Imperius maybe, but it doesn't explain how his name was able to stay in the fire if he put it in himself. "Yes, sir!" Harry answered, his voice still filled with panic, his green eyes filling with fear, he really didn't want to be there. "To the Gods, he is lying!" Maxime screamed viciously, smacking a lantern out of her way. "LIKE HELL HE IS!" Harry's two guardians shouted in rage, they were quickly backed by Alastor to their tremendous gratitude, to their shock. "The Goblet of Fire is extremely powerful magic, it would take an extremely powerful Confundus charm to have Hoodwinked it into believing Four champions were to compete, not three! That, in itself is impossible for a fourth year to complete!" Alastor shouted finally making it a bit late to the 'party'. Harry had heard enough, he was looking around, trying to find a place to hide himself, he was grateful when Cedric walked up next to him and patted him on the back with a calming and friendly smile at him, nodding to Harry letting the frightened, and obviously upset, fourth-year know that he was not alone. But their brief moment of calmness was ended when Karkaroff opened his mouth yet again. "You seemed to have put a lot of thought into this, Mad eye!" Karkaroff growled at the retired Auror, a stone-like glare steering towards him, "ENOUGH! ALL OF YOU!" Sirius's voice shouted, echoing through the Trophy room, he was half out of breath and angrier than a dragon whose nest had been robbed. The groups arguing had been growing louder and louder, and very much out of control. Both parties of Hogwarts Guests were threatening to leave and withdraw from the tournament because of a second Hogwarts champion had been selected, something Harry had nothing to do with, yet they were all blaming him. Everyone turned to find Sirius of shock and slight fright that nearly everyone wide-eyed and had effectively silenced them. "That is enough, Mad-eye is right. The Goblet of Fire is a very powerful Magical object, Harry hasn't the power to back him to do that. Dare I say it was someone older with years of skills to back them up to not only get through Dumbledore Age Line but also to trick the Goblet into choosing four people, not three. Alastor is right. Not to mention the charmed Aralia and me out in place to straighten Albus's protocols." "Well, I dare say I'm very close to leaving as we speak! Weeks, to previous months, we Headmasters of our schools negotiated our terms of this Tournament! Now those very terms have been burned to the ground by this degraded inbreed of a boy!" Karkaroff growled once again, his words had been the cause of his face burning with pain when someone had swung a solid punch to him. Everyone had looked to Sirius expecting it to be him. However, it was the fuming redhead holding her wrist with a slight pain that had shocked them into pure silence. She had swung at the Wizard wrong and the punch, where it may have been delivered with its intention of pain, it had hurt her wrist as well. Barty stood shocked at how fast that had escalated, Dumbledore rushed to Aralia and moved her back to asses her wrist while Maxime and Fleur both gasped. Viktor coughed back a few chuckles while Cedric laughed, not only at the scene that had just occurred but also because Alastor and Sirius were also laughing. Cedric also couldn't help the belly rolling laughter. Harry was staring with his mouth hanging open. But after that punch, they should have put a blindfold on her eyes. She was staring at Karkaroff with hell's fires burning deep behind her bright blue eyes. She was fierce and a force not to be played with at all. In truth, Igor had definitely deserved that action, however, it may be in a lesser volume of violence. Sirius simply covered his wide grin with hand and tried not to laugh at the fool, but he couldn't stop the laughter. "Igor Karkaroff! Death Eater for eternity and traitor to his previous band of wretched bastards! You say one more word about that boy and Voldemort will be the last thing haunting your fears at night." Aralia snarled at him. He'd pulled his last straw by saying what he had, his rudeness while being here at the school was ridiculous and Albus had put up with it, she would not. But the vicious tone deep her voice had him wanting to pee himself. If not curse the woman. Though he figured the latter would not only be highly frowned upon, but likely be the cause of his arrest, or worse, his death. Sirius moved around Dumbledore and wrapped his arms around her shaking form, "Okay Love, easy." He said rubbing her back. "Barty, you'll be our final judge," Dumbledore said with a soft sigh, he didn't want Harry in this tournament any more than they did. "Quelle can we do… Do we 'ave any 'ope in removing ze boy from ze Tournament? 'E's only Fourteen!" Maxime asked in concern. "The Goblet of Fire has a magically binding contract. It is unable to be undone. I am afraid, that as of tonight, Mr. Potter is a Tri-Wizard Champion." Barty said with a fallen face, that was the worst news he'd had to give in a few years. His heart fell for the boy when he found his and Mr. Diggory's face fallen completely, both Hogwarts boys sharing a look of worry and fear for the other. Translation- 'Quelle' = What As the days trailed on, Draco, Neville, occasionally Hermione, were the only ones out his small group of friends that would speak to him and try to encourage him. Badges had come out very quickly regarding "the real Hogwarts Champion" with a face of a smiling Cedric Diggory then swirl into a wonky face of Harry with the words melting around it, reading in simple words, "Potter stinks". Hufflepuff and Slytherin were the worst towards him. Hufflepuff, because Harry was the second Champion of Hogwarts. This issue was causing a lot of trouble. Draco had actually punched one of the sixth years Hufflepuff classmates one afternoon, "He never even put his name in the damn thing in the first place! He was with me and others the entire night you morons!" Draco shouted, he was having enough of it, Harry had cried himself to sleep just the other night because of him and Ron getting into it, none of them needed this, least of all Harry. "MR. MALFOY! My office this instant!" McGonagall shouted with irritation. He had taken to swinging when he didn't have the words to say. Truthfully, the punches had shut them up quicker instead of standing and having a useless argument. Even Cedric was putting up a fuss over the badges, asking many of his fellow students to not wear them because it was wrong and degrading. He'd wanted nothing to do with being a part of Harry's downward spiral into feeling attacked. But no one was listening, they'd removed them for a while then put them right back on as soon as Harry was walking near and block him in, badges right in his face. Teachers were having an issue with confiscating these items. In only three days they had gathered too many to remember how many they had. Dumbledore had even made a small speech about them, announcing that once the person was caught that was producing them, they would not only confiscate the entire collection but the person, or persons, responsible, would have detention for the rest of the school year. Harry had not gone to anyone, only spoke to Draco and a few others, which only included Sirius and writing to Remus, simply because Aralia was away because she'd physically attacked a guest in the presence of others and the Headmaster of the School. He really didn't want a recap of her and Igor again, no matter how funny everyone had thought it was it was still punishable by her being removed from her Teaching statues. However, everyone had agreed Araia was 'technically' in the right to slug him and she had gotten temporarily put on suspension, but she would be allowed back onto the school grounds to watch the Tasks. Draco huffed and puffed as he stormed to McGonagall, he knew he was getting detention, "Sit, Draco… I think you and I need to talk." 'Uh-oh,' Draco was taken back until a thought popped into his mind that made his stomach lurch. "Please don't expel me, Professor." He asked, looking down into his lap, fiddling with his fingers, he was done for. Sighing, Minerva rested in her chair as she looked at the boy, "I am not expelling you. Not this time, that is. Draco, you need to cease these violent reactions, hitting others may silence them quickly, but a battle of the mind and words is far better than bloody knuckles and broken bones… That boy is on his way to Pomfrey to get his nose fixed!" Minerva huffed. "Draco, you are a very bright young Wizard, your grades prove this with a strong notion. Prove those grades right and you're worthy of staying in this school and I will give you another chance to clear your record of all of these detentions and marks you have received in the last months. And I find myself needing to remind you that bravery comes in many different forms... Your mother is proof of that, as is Aralia, in a different manner so to speak. Both are very smart and very talented Witches. Even your father, no matter how narrow sighted he is today, he was a brilliant student never-the-less. Now, I know you two don't get along very much anymore, but you should still be proud to be their son. If not your father's son, at least shows your mother how skilled and brilliant you are. Now, I expect to see you in class tomorrow morning and on best behavior, yes?" She smiled at the shock her new student had on his face, the happy smile that shined through his blue eyes. She thought she did quite well this time around with him if she said so herself, which she very much would. Draco smiled with excitement and really shocked that he wasn't being expelled but that someone had seen through him. Draco had a different kind of emotion boiling over in him, sadness for feeling like a failure to his family, and the full driving need to protect Harry from all these ridiculous attacks he was currently getting over the Tournament mishap. "Yes, definitely Professor." McGonagall had only seen this simply because she was his teacher, not his guardian nor mother. But his teacher, and sometimes teachers saw through things faster and more clearly than that of a relative and was glad the next day had gone gracefully. McGonagall had spoken with Aralia and since then McGonagall had smiled with Pride at Draco for doing so well, she just hoped he could maintain it through the next few years. When morning came around Harry found himself going back to the Trophy room with the other three champions, supposedly they were supposed to have pictures and Rita Skeeter was apparently going to be doing an article about them. Draco had dragged him from the bed and towards the trophy room against his will, "Just get it over with Harry. It's just a picture and an interview, it's painless." He said poking about of fun at the sulking and irritated boy. "For you maybe, you're not the one that's getting slammed with all of this rubbish," Harry grumbled. He'd nearly stumbled down the steps when Draco slapped him on the back and laughed. And so, it went. Rita hadn't even listened to them and simply written what she wished, meaning she put words in their mouths and put misinformation. This very much irritated Harry and the other three, especially Cedric, who had given the woman a rude glare. "You okay Cedric?" Harry asked them as they all walked from the room. "She's ridiculous and rude. All she did was puts words into our mouths. She wrote in her notepad that I had an air of "justified ego" and jealousy towards you for being a second Hogwarts Champions… It's completely ridiculous … This whole situation is completely unfair to you. I mean your fourteen and we all know you want nothing to do with this, it's not your fault." Cedric fumed a bit. Harry waited for Cedric to calm himself, he had gone red in the face with embarrassment from Rita Skeeter writing what she had and had become offended on Harry's behalf for what had happened. Harry greatly appraised it. Cedric could have been petty and cruel to Harry for being a second champion for Hogwarts, yet he was upset no one tried to help Harry get out of it as they had actually hoped. "Harry, just be careful as you go with these tasks," Cedric said holding a hand out to Harry with a smile. Harry had done the only thing he could think of doing, he shook Cedric's hand and smiled back with a glad smile shining in his eyes, "Thanks Cedric, may the best win, and honestly, I hope it's you." This had given the Hufflepuff Seeker a moment to smile wide and blushing a faint pink. Even Harry Potter wanted him to win, and he too hoped he won, but he didn't see it fair to Harry that he had been hit in the crossfire of this Tournament, "Thank you… Good luck, see you around Harry." And they left that as it was, a happy parting as friends and friendly competitors. *HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY/NIGHT! thank you! :)
Author's note: Please be aware that I own ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, everything, except my character ocs' I place here, belongs to the wonderful Lady J.K. Rowling. This is a Sirius Black/OC Fanfiction. This is Harry Potter Era, so it's going to be a bit. Keep your heads up. Enjoy! Acknowledgement! Thank you to Larien Telrunya 1992. I know I've had a few people ask me about a Beta, yes, I should have done so much sooner, however, better late than never. So, thank you so much for being a part of this. I not only look forward to seeing my constant mistakes pointed out to me and fixed, but I also look forward to your thoughts and opinions the most. You're the best! So, if anyone comments a review on how wonderful the story is going, just remember it's not just me, it is also a bigger shout out of thanks to Larien for it being so! 12/2019 Chapter 17 The lake hadn't been much grace either. Ron had convinced an already irritated Hermione to tell Harry something because he didn't want to say anything to him. With the boys going back and forth the way they were, Hermione had screamed at Harry from trying to do the same to her which Ron had done. She was not an Owl, least of all a messenger girl. "Well, that went well." Draco sighed, groaning and stalked after a fuming Harry, "Hey! You need to calm down. Hermione is pissed because everyone is attacking her for trying to defend you. Cedric is even getting ignored. Stop with the pouting and think for just a few minutes will ya… We cannot just leave Neville out here alone." Draco had had just about enough of this stupid crap. The Tournament had caused so much drama and stress it was making him sick, that and he was just glad he hadn't hit anyone since McGonagall talked to him the other day, something he was very grateful for. Now he'd just need to keep up the clean record the next few years. With a sigh, Harry nodded and moved back to the tree and continued reading through Neville's' book while Draco laid back in the dirt with a sigh of relief. 'Finally, he listens.' Once night fell, Harry sighed as chills ran through him while he trudged through the cold, night air. His two sweaters were barely keeping him warm and the small blanket he had wrapped around him with a scarf tightly held to him, and his father's invisibility cloak held tightly in his grasp, trying to keep the warmth from leaving him as he met up with Hagrid. "Why did you want me to meet you out here… Hagrid, is that a flower and a… is that a polka dotted tie? You've combed your hair, what's going on Hagrid?" Harry was officially confused. Hagrid looked like he was heading out for a date! Now he just felt weird being out here if Hagrid was meeting someone out there while trying to supposedly tell him or show him what the first task was. 'This is going to be a long night,' "Well… Yes, as a mat'er o' fact it is, and yes, I combed me hair. May wan' ta try it out on yer own hair if ya ask me. May help ya with that bit o' a mess ya got goin' on 'here- Oh, get under the cloak, quickly." Hagrid said, rushing the poor boy under the cloak and moved out from behind the bushes towards a shadowing figure approaching them. "'Agrid? Ooh 'Agrid, I zought, you may 'ave forgotten me." 'Madam Maxime! What in the blazing broom stick is going on!' "Forget you Olympe, never." Harry silently gaged from under the cloak as he watched. 'Grose!' "You zaid zere was zomezing you needed to show me?" He had abruptly stopped her before she had finished leaning in, in an attempt to kiss him, this left the poor woman confused and a bit embarrassed, "Ah, yes follow me, I though ya would like to know what the first challenge was. It's not right tha' they not tell ya what to expect besides some crazy clues to figure it out." Harry shook his head at Hagrid's obliviousness. He hated watching adults getting all cozy. But Harry felt bad for the dear woman, she seemed to have thought Hagrid was not interested in her, really he was but his mind had moved from one thing to another so fast the situation of Maxime wanting to kiss him had quickly left his mind and went back to work. Because work was all he ever knew. Harry's mind had been blanked out when Hagrid moved the tall brush aside and cages and fire bursting through startled him and Maxime. Harry strained his eyes to see a bit, but when the creatures began screeching and spitting fire, Harry's heart fell to his stomach with fear swelling up in him. He had ripped the cloak off him and rushed forward, "Dragons! That's the first task? Are they insane!" "Well, I don' have the answer to most o' that. But yes, Dragons. Ter'ibly misund'rstood dragons are… All though, that Horntail is a right nasty thing don' ya think? Poor Ron nearly fainted just seeing 'em. Ron's brother, Charlie, brought them over from Romania… Didn't Ron tell ya?" "No, he didn't tell me anything!" Now Harry had a reason to be pissed at Ron, he had the chance to tell him earlier, instead he sent Hermione to him telling him someone said something about another person claiming that Hagrid was looking for him and that he needed to see him that night. 'You are so in for it Ron. Draco won't even be able to help you out of this one.' "Thanks Hagrid, I gotta get to bed though, long day. Good luck with your night." And with that he left. Everyone had been asleep already when he got back to the Dorm room, letting him ready for bed without issue, but even that seemed to want to avoid him. The next day was a roller coaster, Draco had to attend detention because he knocked one of the Beauxbaton girls down the stairs with him trying to avoid someone's stupid pranks they had set for someone. Dragons Aralia sighed with nervousness as she paced the stands, she had done this for weeks at her Cottage. Remus had kept her company for those weeks. Though he seemed to be doing more babysitting than anything. Her health had once more dropped, and she'd been bedridden. Truthfully, she wasn't even supposed to have been there in the first place since she was still not well. The constant dizziness and fainting spells were getting worse, but what had everyone worried were the nosebleeds, her magic would even become unpredictable like an Obscurial, though they were all thankful her magic never lashed out, but they were unsure how her condition may advance with her declining health. Albus had gone as far as calling Newt Scamander into her health. Aralia was under restrictions from doing any big magic or any form of dueling. Magic seemed to be playing against her health. He and his wife seemed to even take an interest in her, knowing she was different but kept much of their assumptions to them self, however, he had told her he'd like to hear her story when they got the occasion. And to be as careful as possible. Aralia was momentarily stunned by the gentle hold a strong pair of hands had on her arms. Looking at the owner of the strong hands 'holding her captive' in her place she found a smirking Sirius. "Nice to see you, feeling better?" "Technically I'm not even really supposed to be here." She admitted softly. A gentle blush on her cheeks from the last time they'd seen one another. "That is why I am here," A sudden, soft, voice said from behind her. Turning with slight shock at the voice, she smiled at the face she saw, "Mr. Scamander," "Newt, please call me Newt. Tina is actually around somewhere, ah, there she. Tina, dear, I found her!" He called for his wife. A happy smile was always on his face, Aralia adored the man and his wife. They were so sweet and amazing people. Tina's smiling self walked her way to them, hugging Aralia tightly. Her eyes darting to Sirius, "Oh, is this your husband?" She asked curiously with a smile. Sirius coughed a bit with shock as. He supposed he wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or to not breath so his body must have gone straight to coughing while Aralia stuttered with a heavy blush with some laughter. "No, d-definitely not." "Well no need to answer so quickly love." Sirius spoke up at her sudden answer. He wouldn't lie, he was slightly offended at her tone. "I am not your love, Sirius Black." "Well yo surely didn't complain when I kissed you." "It was a kiss to the forehead, there is nothing romantic at all about that." Aralia quickly said. Her blush deepening as they continued to speak about it. Sirius held back his grin at her blushing reaction. He rather liked it when she blushed. "Don't tempt me," Huffing, she crossed her arms as she looked at him with a stern mask, though her blushing cheeks must had said plenty. "No intention to do so." The married couple couldn't help but smile at the two as they went back and forth. It was rather entertaining. And they knew something was deep behind their words. Champions Tent Hermione snuck around the back of the tent and the badly placed security. She had to see Harry. Her best friend was about to go up against a damn Dragon and the last thing that had been said between them had been her screaming at him. Then again, he and Ron had deserved her scolding, it was not the last thing she wanted Harry to remember if something went badly. "pst, Harry? Is that you?" Confused beyond belief he moved closer to the tent flap near the back, "Hermione?" "Uh-Huh… The key is to concentrate, after that you just have too… Well," She didn't know how to say he had to go up against a dragon, her stomach was in terrifying knots for her friend. "Battle the Dragon? Yeah, kind of figured - ouf." He'd been completely taken aback by Hermione suddenly jumping through the tent folds, throwing her arms around him and hugged him tightly. Hermione was terrified he'd get hurt, or worse killed, that was something she knew would devastate them all, worst of all Ron and Draco. They were frightened apart by a sudden flash that came from out of nowhere. To Hermione's horror, Rita Skeeter, and her photographer, stood before the two of them with wide grins on their ridiculous faces. "How… Charming, if anything unfortunate happens today, you two may just make the front page." Rita said with little care. They grinned when Rita's perverted attention turned on Krum as he told her she was not welcomed there, seconds later Hermione found herself latched to Harry in an attempt to stay in the blind spots of the Professor and the others that had decided to grace them with their presence. Dumbledore had been the only one to not notice her at the moment, something she was grateful for, until he did a double take in Harry's direction and asked, "Miss. Granger, what on earth are you doing here?" to say he was shocked he hadn't noticed her there when he walked in, but really he'd been focused on getting the Champions ready for the task at hand. "Right, I should be going, good luck…" And with that she walked out, cheeks blushing with tremendous embarrassment. Her embarrassment floated away when her eyes caught sight of a long-haired redhead in the stands with Sirius and a couple she didn't recognize from afar. "Aralia!" Hermione had to keep herself from asking the couple so many questions when she approached Aralia and Sirius, "Newton Scamander?" "Newt, please, it always sounds to formal to hear my full name. And you are?" He asked softly, curious at the young Witch. He and Tina could clearly see she had questions but were glad he decided to keep them to herself. "Um, Granger, Sir, Hermione Granger." She introduced herself, smiling widely at the two. "Lovely to meet you, Miss Granger," He said. "Hermione, please." Hermione smiled, nodding her welcome to them Hogwarts. Tina smiled as she nodded to the young Witch who took a seat between Aralia and Sirius. She was sweet, and she saw the same vast knowledge in Hermione's eyes as she did Newt's. Turning his attention to a different topic, Sirius leaned to Hermione with curiosity. He'd been meaning to ask Ron or Harry, but he'd been constantly busy. "What's been going on with Ron, I've noticed he hasn't been around Harry lately. It's like those two are avoiding one another?" Sirius asked curiously. "That's because Ron and Harry have sticks up their behinds." A new arrival said. "Draco, how wonderful of you to join us. Why aren't you sitting with Ron?" Sirius laughed at the teased glare the Malfoy boy gave him. "Because I'm trying not to smack logic back into him and Harry. No offence Sirius." Draco admitted as he took a seat next to his mother's cousin. The task began, Aralia and everyone else cheered for all of the champions and flinched every time they came close to nearly having an arm taken off or getting too close to the dragon. Aralia had covered her eyes with her hands when Cedric was sent flying after being hit by the dragon's tail. Then it was Harry's turn, and her fear set in. Sirius had switched seats with Hermione held Aralia's hand in comfort the entire time, everyone smiling and laughing and cheering when he flew off with his broom. Aralia was not alone when she screamed with excitement and hugged Sirius when Harry came flying back into the ring with the dragon no longer on his tail. Leaned herself into Sirius' arms and warmth from the chilling weather she sighed with relief. Sirius laughed and hugged her tightly, his stomach unknotting, his heart returning back into his chest as he settled his nerves from the terrifying idea Harry may have just been severely hurt or, worst, lost somewhere in the heavy mist that was rolling in. But he loved the feeling of this woman in his arms, and he didn't know why. Dumbledore's office "So, her magic is what is killing her then?" Albus questions Newt with worry. "That is simply an assumption Dumbledore, I'm afraid I don't truthfully know what is the real cause, but her magic is what is causing her health to disintegrate. She didn't have the proper training in her time from what I understand there for leaving room for some form of a slight condition to occur, her contains use of her magic without her wand and the improper training for wandless magic has left her and other's open to be considered a developing Obscurus. It's what kills its host. I can't remove this otherwise it will inevitably kill her. I tried that once, and the eight-year old girl I was trying to save died in the process." Newt said. Turning to Aralia he sighed with tight, "What exactly happened before you arrived her?" "I don't remember. We were attacked, I was knocked unconscious then I woke up in the hospital in 1992." "No curse was sent at you, nothing hit you at all?" Tina spoke up from her seated place, tea held in hand and resting in her lap. This was interesting indeed. However, it was terribly sad. "I'm not worried about my health anymore, Mr. Scamander, my only concern is making sure Harry lives past the last Tournament. I just can't remember what those journals said. Everything is gone. I have nothing to use as a reference anywhere that could help and make this easier to beat." "Well, you are my concern, Aralia." Newt said with a determined look. He would do all he could try to save her life. Aralia didn't know what to say, she never expected them to try going this far to find out what was wrong with her, but at least they had a few answers. Her magic was eating away at her health for starters, like an Obscurus did to its host. However, Snape had admitted that the blood sample they'd taken upon her arrival indeed showed signs of her body likely hosting a small trace of such an infection. They hadn't a clue how to fix it. The constant redirection so quickly from wandless magic to using a wand must have done something with the infection. It was not growing in the normal stages because it had changed, attacking her health and feeding off her magic it was treating her like an actual infection instead of lashing out at others and hurting her it was killing her instead. That was worse. "Wait, I never actually thought of this," Newt stated, taking a seat, "Have you ever felt a build up of power that you feared would lash out and actually managed to suppress it?" "Yeah, always. Since I was a child. The New Order Elder told me to hold it back in my stomach, to never let it reach my chest, or what they were likely thinking, my heart. I never understood what they were talking about. It's gotten stronger since I traveled back in time. I'm always burning up." Nodding he walked from her chair and with her permission moved his hand over her stomach, looking for any detected Obscurus, the magic was powerfully but not dark. Not like the Obscurals his seen in his life. "It's not an obscurus. It would have lashed out whether you'd have liked it or not. There's no holding an obscurus back when it builds up. They had you storing mass amounts of your magic in your body since you were young, yes?" "Yes?" "What likely happened, your massive amount of magical storage has overflowed. Your body likely started to believe you were suppressing your magic and our blood began to develop an infection. That's one part of what could likely be happening. In your time were there any illnesses? Magical Bacteria's?" Now that she thought of it, the water was tasting a bit funny, but that wasn't because of bacteria. There were new poisons Voldemort had been making. "You've thought of something, haven't you?" Minerva said with worry, the look on Aralia's face said it all. "I can't think of any illnesses or Bacteria, but Voldemort has been mixing new poisonous for quite the time. To replicate curses, like Snape Sectumsempra. Bellatrix was actually the one who manipulated a new version of his curse. Mixing a poison her lover made into her own wand. The curse which she used absorbed the poison and it made a new curse, one no one but the Death Eater's know the name of." she explained. "Did someone hit you with a curse?" Albus asked. "No, not that I can remember, but a few days before I left Malcome and I shared a glass of wine. I won't lie, it was a very nice wine. I'd had it before because it was my mother's favorite. But it tasted a bit… bitter." "What kind of wine?" Snape questioned. "A sweet Licorice Wine, cherry. It's supposed to be sweet, but this bottle was different. He said the Wine must have been mislabeled, and believe me, in my time that's possible. Only four wine distributors are left in my time for the Wizarding world. There're barely any muggles. And they have constant mass productions of wines. Sometimes a wine, or a few carts will be mislabeled. When that happens the Wine houses are shut down to fix the problem and make sure it doesn't happen again. The last time it happened, I was just a little girl." "Newt, could that have been the poison?" Tina asked with worry. "It seems so, but since we do not have the Wine bottle, we cannot discover the poisons mixings." Newt said sadly. "Is it possible the position and the infection her body began to produce mixed somehow and this was the outcome?" Minerva asked. "Depending on the manner of the poison, it could be." Snape said with a nod. "Alright, enough talk of this. Please. I know I don't have much time left, I'm not going to spend my days worrying about myself and Harry at the same time, Harry is our focus. Let's worry about the boy first." "Aralia, the Ball is coming up and I am sure Harry would enjoy seeing you there. With you now being a guest, you must have a formal invite to the Ball. However, as Headmaster of this school you have my permission to come. Unless someone invites you as their own guest then I suppose my invite is not required." Albus stated. A wide smile on his face, he knew she was dying, she knew it too and she wanted no one waiting time on her failing health. But they couldn't help but become attacked and worry for her. Where she continued to believe she had done nothing to help Harry, she was not realizing that simply being there for the boy was plenty enough. However, his concern continued to grow, he knew, deep down, she would die for that boy. But would her death be so terrible in the end? She was living in constant pain, likely worse than Remus himself. Their current conclusion was that her own magic was killing her. Nodding her head in appreciation, Aralia smiled softly. "Thank you, I'll see you all at the Ball then. Have a wonderful evening. Newt, Tina, it was wonderful seeing you both again." She said to them thankfully. Her eyes were sad. They saw it. And they all knew it. She wasn't making it to Harry's fifth year, she intended to die. It had been her plan from the very beginning. "Newt -" "She knows, Albus, she knows she isn't making it past his fourth year." Newt randomly spoke up sadly. His eyes hadn't left the closed door the redhead had walked out of moments ago. "That's what worries me." Albus admitted softly, his own eyes staring at the closed door. Sirius's heart clenched tightly with fear, his fists balling into tight fists of determination and an attempt to control his anger. She knew, and she wasn't talking to anyone. 'Like hell.' ** Thank you for reading and thank you for being so patient with my constant late updates! Have a wonderful day/night! And if I don't have my next one up by Christmas or New year's I apologies but I hope you all have wonderful Holidays!
