Hi everyone! This is my first fic that I'm publishing so please be kind. I also promise to update as frequently as I can but as a busy college student, I might not be able to as often. I've got the next couple of chapters to this story written already, they're just going through the editing process and when I get those finished, I will publish them. Please review and let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. The characters belong to JK Rowling. The only thing that is mine is the plot for this story. Chapter 1: Despair April 17th, 2000 Hermione sat on the edge of the old creaking bed, her eyes staring at a worn out picture of her and her friends on Christmas Eve a few years ago. Everyone in the picture was smiling and laughing, all in some ugly Christmas sweater, drinking hot chocolate or warm eggnog. It was a peaceful time and the group of friends were reminiscing about past times and memories. That night had been perfect. It was the last time everyone was together and truly happy, no one having a single worry on their minds. That was before the the Dark Lord returned. That was before the war began and everything had gone to hell. A stray tear slid down her cheek before dropping onto the center of the picture. The memories were still too fresh… "RON!" she screamed as she ran towards the redheaded boy who had just saved her life. He had pushed her out of the way from the oncoming killing curse shot from Yaxley's wand. The tears fell from her eyes as she shot a curse at the man, a curse that sent him flying across the landscape that the mighty castle once stood proudly on. Once the Death Eater was out of sight, Hermione turned her focus on her friend and kneeled by his side. The young Weasley boy just stared on with cold, lifeless eyes. Hermione softly brushed the hair from his face and used her fingers to slip his eyes shut as she started to cry, unable to hold back her tears. She held Ron's hand, her voice cracking as she spoke. "You Idiot. Why did you give your own life to save mine? You were supposed to live," She heard the sounds of battle creeping closer and closer to her and she realized that she needed to go. Hermione began frantically looking around for the direction the Death Eaters were coming from as different colored sparks shot from distant wands her way. It was then she realized that she needed to find Harry. The Death Eaters had managed to gain the upper hand. She had to know Harry was still alive and that he was okay. Leaning down, she kissed Ron's forehead. "I'm sorry, I have to go." Standing, she ran through the castle ruins, keeping out of sight, her eyes peeled and alert for any traces of Harry. However she was stopped short when her eyes landed on Tonks and Remus, crushed under some fallen rubble from the castle's walls. When her eyes landed on their still forms, she froze, a short gasp leaving her lips. "No," she whispered with horrified eyes as she ran towards them. She was fighting yet again to hold back her tears. Using her wand, she removed the pieces of rubble off of them. Then, using her hands, she dusted them off in an attempt to see them more clearly to assess their conditions. With shaky fingers, she checked their necks for a pulse. Her heart caught in her throat as she felt Tonks' neck for a pulse and was saddened for the woman didn't have one. Remus, however had a pulse, though it was very faint and fading fast. Remus coughed then, waking up from his unconscious state. Blood was pooling in his mouth and Hermione guessed that her friend was suffering from internal injuries that had been caused by getting crushed under the rubble. Assessing his state, Hermione knew that his injuries were too severe and that her former professor would not survive. She blinked at him with tears in her eyes. Her mind was screaming at her, telling her that in his condition that Remus wouldn't survive. However, her heart was telling her to be optimistic and hold onto hope. Though, slim as his chances were, maybe Hermione could pass her hope onto Remus. "H-Hermione," he managed to choke out, his eyes trying to adjust to everything around them. "I'm here, Remus." she said as she knelt down beside him. "Tonks?" he asked with a small glimmer of hope in his eyes. He and Nymphadora had only been married a short while, but in that time they had managed to have their own child, a son named Teddy. Hermione frowned and shook her head. She watched as that little spark of hope faded and turned to grief as tears began to fill his eyes. "I'm sorry. It's going to be alright, I'm going to get you out of here and to safety," Hermione said through her own tears, trying not to choke. But before she could do anything, Remus lightly grabbed her hand, preventing her from doing so. "There's no time, you know as well as I do that I'm not getting out of here." "Of course there is, Teddy needs you." she said sadly, her voice cracking slightly. She couldn't watch another one of her friends die. They had all lost so much already. "And Harry needs YOU. You have to find him Hermione," he said sternly, coughing again, blood sputtering out of his mouth as he did so. "I'm not going to leave you here to die." she said as tears fell from her eyes now, squeezing his hand to reassure him that she was still there, that she wouldn't leave him. He gave her hand a light squeeze in return as he looked into her eyes. "You have to. My injuries are too severe, I'll never make it." "Please don't do this," she pleaded with him as a stray curse hit the rubble near them. The Death Eaters were closing in, it wouldn't be long before they found them both and finished them off. "They're coming, you need to go." he said sternly. "I'll keep them occupied long enough for you to get away and find Harry. You need to stay alive so you can lead the others to victory. You've always been the brightest witch of your age, I know you can do this. And Harry will be with you to help you. Now go." he said, as he was thrown into a coughing fit once more. He was slowly deteriorating and there was nothing the young witch could do to stop it or slow it down. She nodded sadly before standing once more, her fingers grazing his one last time before she ran in the opposite direction of the approaching Death Eaters. Hermione was only able to see from a distance as Bellatrix dealt the final blow to Remus, killing him. The witch's cackle of amusement rang in Hermione's ears as her blood boiled. As much as she wanted to attack Bellatrix, Hermione knew she would never win. It would surely be an unfair fight, but she also remembered Remus' parting words to her. Harry needed her, the others that survived would need her. Now wasn't the time to act on impulse, she had to remain strong for the ones that would need her in the end. Stepping away from her hiding place, Hermione went in search of her best friend. Her mind was scrambled by various thoughts and emotions as everything around her was in shambles. She didn't focus on fighting as she ran, dodging curses that were coming her way. Her only focus was on finding Harry. When she found him, she thought her heart stopped beating. His body lay in a crumpled heap, covered in blood and dirt, unmoving as his wand lay snapped beside him. "HARRY!" she screamed as she ran to the boy who had been her best friend since their first year at Hogwarts. Voldemort was nowhere to be seen. Once she reached Harry, she was at his side, pulling him into her arms. Her eyes were searching for injuries. Hermione was becoming frantic and she was losing her focus. She couldn't think straight and her brain was running a hundred miles a minute. Harry's glasses were broken and she frantically felt him for a pulse. There wasn't one. She started sobbing as she pulled him closer. This couldn't be happening, they were supposed to win the war, not lose it. Hermione felt like her world had just crumbled underneath her feet and that she was in some nightmare that would never end. She sobbed as she clung to Harry's deceased body. That was when someone grabbed her shoulders and started pulling her away from Harry. It was Neville. "Hermione, we have to go!" he yelled at her as he pulled her away from Harry but she refused and still tried to hold on. "No! I'm not leaving him!" she screeched back. "You're going to die if you stay here! Please we have to go! You can't stay here! I will drag you if I have to!" he said, as his arms wrapped firmly around her as he began ripping her away from Harry's body. That was when her mind kicked back into focus as she vaguely remembered the words Remus spoke to her: that everyone would need her. And he was right. She nodded, barely regaining her composure, making the decision before she changed her mind. "Alright, let's go." The two broke into a run as they ran to catch up with the remaining survivors of the war who were waiting in front of them. Once they caught up with the group, curses started getting thrown at them as people screamed, everyone trying to reach the Forbidden forest. Hermione looked back as she saw Voldemort hold his hands up to stop his people from going after them. "That's enough!" his voice boomed loudly to his followers. "We'll let them go for now. But at this time my loyal followers, let us celebrate our victory! For tonight we have won!" A light knock on her door disrupted her thoughts. "Hermione?" Luna's sweet voice asked. "Yeah?" the girl said, wiping the tears off her face and slipping the picture back into her pocket. "Neville and the others are back." she merely stated. "Right," she said as she stood, fixing her clothes. It had been almost 2 years since the war, and ever since they had been on the run, hiding underground and moving from place to place to not get caught by Voldemort and his Death Eaters that now had control over everything. Hermione and Luna walked back out into the main room where everyone was gathered. Out of the war, there was only their small group of survivors: herself, Neville, Luna, Draco and his mother who had turned to the their side during the war, Hagrid, and George Weasley. Everyone else was killed at the hands of the Dark Lord. Walking into the room, heads turned to face her as she looked to Neville, Draco and George who had just gotten back from their task to scout out a new place for them to move to in the night and to gather what they could as to what was going on above them. "What did you find?" Hermione asked Neville. She had become the person they turned to for everything because she was smart and she had been on the run with Harry and Ron before the war. Hermione had experience that they didn't have. She knew how to survive and was resourceful. "Voldemort has taken the Ministry in the States. The Death Eaters have destroyed everything. Any people that were found were tortured and killed. We found an abandoned place in Wales. It was hard to find, but we didn't see any Death Eaters around. With our combined wards, we should be safe for the time being," he explained. Hermione and the others nodded. "Good. Then we leave tonight, make sure we leave no traces we were here." she stated before turning to head back into her room when George tapped her shoulder. Turning to face him, she saw that his hand was outstretched containing an envelope. "We ran into Fawkes on our way to finding a new place. He wouldn't leave us alone, had this letter in his mouth and kept pestering us until we took it. It's addressed to you, it's Dumbledore's seal." Confusion wrapped around her features as she took the letter from George and examined the front. The neat script was definitely Dumbledore's, there was no doubt about it. However one question stuck in her mind as she opened the envelope and pulled out the letter. What had Dumbledore known of the war and their current situation before his death that they didn't?
Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters. Everything belongs to JK Rowling. Chapter 2: The Letter After George had given her Dumbledore's letter, Hermione thanked him before retreating back to the confines of her room. She sat on her bed and stared at the opened envelope with Dumbledore's seal. The young witch wasn't sure what was in store for her in the letter but she was curious what the wise wizard wrote to her. Willing herself to read the letter, Hermione slid out the neatly folded parchment from the envelope and unfolded it, taking in the familiarity of Dumbledore's neat script. Then she began to read the letter: Miss Granger, If you have received this letter, then that must mean that the war has ended and that Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters have taken over. You're probably wondering how I came to know this information before my untimely death. The truth is, I did not know anything of what the future would hold but I did come to understand that Voldemort claiming victory was a possibility. This is the reason for my letter Miss Granger. I knew from the very first moment you stepped into Hogwarts that you would be the one that would take care of Harry through this whole ordeal, for you are indeed the brightest witch of your age. If anyone were to survive the upcoming war, it would be you. That is why I am leaving the future in your capable hands. Within the Ministry, there is a powerful artifact residing within the Time Room. It is called the Infinitum Watch and it is more powerful than any time-turner ever created. It cannot be destroyed nor recreated. It is the only artifact of its kind. Whoever possesses it has the power to alter the events of the future much like the time-turners you are familiar with. However, the Infinitum Watch doesn't abide by the same rules as a time-turner. The holder of the watch has the ability to change the past without all the repercussions that are associated with the standard time-turner. However, I am not saying that there are no repercussions. Using the watch brings its own consequences but you won't know what they are until you encounter them for yourself. If the Dark Lord was victorious in the war, then there is no doubt he will be keeping close eyes on the artifact. He will do anything to keep the watch from those that threaten his power for if it were to fall in someone else's hands, they could easily rewrite the future. This will be no easy task, I can assure you. It might even be the hardest you have ever encountered and you have endured many difficult tasks over the years, tasks that have put your life on the line. What I am asking of you now is no different. However, I trust you with such because I know you can succeed and that you will be the key to saving us all. And one more thing? After you get the Infinitum Watch, keep it safe. Always carry it with you and don't trust anyone who you may encounter. The world's future hangs in the balance. Sincerely, Albus Dumbledore After she had finished reading the letter, Hermione just stared at the words on the page. How could Dumbledore entrust her with something so difficult? Surely she wouldn't make it into the Ministry without being killed on the spot. It was crawling with Death Eaters and Dementors. The old wizard hadn't even bothered to leave her any instruction, instruction that could have been very useful. She rubbed her forehead, not having the slightest clue of where to start. However, for the time being, she would ponder the old wizard's words. Right now, she had to gather her things and prepare to move with the others to the new safe house. She had decided that once they were there, she would make a choice: to act on what Dumbledore mentioned in the letter, or remain on the run forever. Hermione and the others had reached the safe house in Wales in the early hours of the morning. They worked together to set up their wards that were sure to keep them hidden for the time being. By the time they were finished, everyone was exhausted and had little energy to do anything more. Hermione had offered to take the first watch so the others could get some sleep. Sleep these days was few and far in between. They just did what they could to survive. It had been this way since they lost the war. Hermione was sitting in a chair on the porch, taking in the night sky. She couldn't really remember the last time she had actually seen the stars. It was peaceful, quiet. Although she was on the lookout for possible threats, her mind was sidetracked. She couldn't stop replaying the words of Dumbledore's letter over and over inside her head. Hermione knew she had to do something. She was tired of running and hiding. She was ready to fight. She wanted to make things right and write the future the way it was supposed to be. Neville tapped his finger lightly on the wood of the door frame to get her attention. Hermione jumped, not realizing that she had company. On instinct her body stiffened almost immediately and looked over. When she saw that it was just Neville, her body relaxed. "Couldn't sleep?" she asked. The boy took a seat in the chair beside her. "No, couldn't get comfortable. So I thought I'd keep you company," "Thanks," she said with a slight smile. She had been staring at the picture of her and her friends again, but at Neville's arrival she slipped it back into her pocket. "I miss them, all of them." Neville stated as he glanced at the photo as she slid it back into her pocket. He turned his head to the night sky and began looking up at the stars. "I do too. I think about them every day," Hermione admitted sadly. "We should've won the war. We would have won the war if-" he started but Hermione finished the sentence for him. "If Voldemort didn't have a horcrux that no one knew about. I don't even think Dumbledore knew about the last one. He kept it hidden well." she stated. "And we lost because of it. No one saw it coming. Our friends and family were all killed because of what we didn't know. And now there's no way to fix it," his voice trailed off as he leaned back in his chair, running his hand through his hair as he let out a sigh. "That's not true. There is- there is a way to fix everything." The words came out of her mouth before she could stop them. Before Neville could ask what she meant, Hermione had already reached into her pocket and pulled out the letter Dumbledore had left her. Handing it to Neville, she watched as his eyes scanned over the parchment, taking everything in. He stayed silent for a few minutes before he spoke, "Blimey Hermione! Why didn't you say anything sooner?" She shrugged. "Because it won't matter. If this is true and this Infinitum Watch actually exists, how do you propose I go about getting it Neville? There are Death Eaters everywhere, not to mention the countless Dementors surrounding the Ministry. I'll never make it past the gate." she explained. "Then don't do it alone, we'll go with you, all of us." he stated and Hermione could see the hope he held in his eyes. It was hope that their future could somehow be saved, that their world could be saved. Hermione shook her head. "I can't ask you to do that Neville. I won't ask you to put your lives in danger for something that we don't even know works." "But we won't know until we try. Hermione, this is our last shot at fixing things. We'd be fools not to take this chance. I know we'd all rather risk our lives and die trying than die knowing we had a shot to fix everything and we didn't take it," he explained. She pondered his words for a few minutes before finally nodding, letting out a sigh. "You're right, Neville. We shouldn't give up. If this is our last chance to make things right, then we should take it." Hey guys! With all the follows I've been getting today, I decided to treat you guys with another chapter! You guys are giving me confidence in my writing so thank you for following my story! As always please read and review! I'd love to know what you think!
Disclaimer: All the characters and themes belong to JK Rowling, their rightful owner. The only thing that is mine is the plot for the story. Chapter 3: The Ministry April 23rd, 2000 The next morning was when Hermione told everyone about the letter, "So Dumbledore left this to you?" George asked after Hermione had finished explaining the letter that was given to her. "Yes. However, I'm not entirely positive how much of this letter is actually true. It seems like a lot of speculation, especially about an artifact that I've never even heard of let alone seen." Hermione said as she stood on one side of the room, parchment in her hand. "Albus Dumbledore was a very smart wizard." Hagrid stated. It was the first time he had really spoken since the war. He had lost some of his closest friends and comrades that day. They all had. And since the war, the former groundskeeper hadn't been himself. "He woudn'ta written somethin' like this to you if it wasn' true." "Hagrid's right." Draco stated from his spot next to his mother. "Dumbledore had to have known about the watch to write a letter about it. What he's saying must be true. We need to get our hands on the watch if we have any chance of changing things." "Agreed." Everyone said in unison. They wanted this to end just as much as Hermione did. It was the only option left. Hermione nodded before looking at the others. "You don't have to help. I can do this on my own, that's why Dumbledore addressed the letter to me." Neville placed a hand on his friend's shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze and a smile. "We're not going to let you do this alone, Hermione. End of story. We're in this together," The young witch could only nod at his words. There was nothing she could say to stop them. Luna then looked to Hermione, eager to get started. "Where do we start?" Over the next few days, the group worked out the plan to break into the Ministry to steal the watch. Not everyone was going, just Hermione, George, Luna and Neville. The others would stay behind as backup just in case things went south, which there was a great chance things would. The four of them had scouted out the Ministry and they had figured out that some of the Death Eaters would be gone with Voldemort in the states to snuff out what was left of the rebellion. However, the dementors still posed a significant problem. They were guarding the Ministry and the four of them would have to work together with their perfected patronus charms if they had any chance of getting past them. The four of them were standing outside, a distance from the Ministry as they hid within the trees nearby, out of sight. "We all remember the plan?" Neville asked everyone. They all nodded in agreement and Hermione handed each of them a thin bracelet to wear around their wrists. "These will get us past the wards on the building. Do not for any reason take them off. Once we've secured the watch, we get out of there as quickly as possible. Is that clear?" Everyone nodded and watched for an opening. They were about to move when a familiar maniacal laugh filled the empty air. Apparating before the gates was none other than Bellatrix Lestrange. The witch had a skip in her step as she made her way through the Ministry's gates and inside the building. Hermione shuddered at the prospect of running into Bellatrix after they were inside. Not only had the woman killed countless friends including George's brother and Remus, the vile woman had also inflicted scars upon Hermione, scars that would be there forever. "Let's hope we can avoid running into Bellatrix, yeah?" Neville asked as he swallowed nervously, everyone nodding in agreement. "Are we ready then?" Luna asked. She, like everyone else, wanted to get this over with. They each nodded and took a deep breath. They joined their hands and apparated directly inside the Ministry. The long corridors were all too familiar to them, as they were the same ones they had encountered in their 5th year. They stuck together as a group as they walked through the long halls, wands drawn as they were all on high alert. Everything was eerily silent as they moved. Luckily, they hadn't been spotted by the dementors but there were a couple close calls with a few of them roaming the halls. The group had barely managed to hide in time. It didn't take long after the coast was clear for them to locate the door to the Time room. "There it is," Hermione whispered as she pointed to the door. They had begun to walk towards the door when a curse shot out, missing George's head by a few inches as they all ducked to avoid it. Whipping around with wands drawn, they faced their assailant. "It's been awhile. I was beginning to wonder when I'd run into you lot again!" Bellatrix laughed, a deadly look in her eyes. She used her finger and brushed it across her wand. "It's too bad I have to kill you now. The chase has been quite fun in my opinion," Then she shrugged and aimed her wand straight at them as a couple more Death Eaters joined her side, aiming their wands as well. "Oh well." There were more Death Eaters present at the Ministry than the group had originally thought. "Hermione? What do we do?" Neville whispered nervously as his hand shook slightly but continued to firmly grasp his wand. He refused to give in to the fear he was feeling. He had come a long way since his first year but he was still scared, they all were. Hermione swallowed nervously as well. She hadn't anticipated running into this many Death Eaters at the Ministry. She had thought that the majority of them would remain at their master's side as he took the states. She had been wrong. "Run." Curses quickly rang out through the corridor in both directions as the group began sprinting to the Time Room. Once they were inside, they quickly shut the doors as Luna and George used their magic to bar them shut and stand guard, potentially shielding them inside. It would buy them a little time at least. Hopefully it would be long enough for Hermione and Neville to locate and secure the watch. "Bloody hell, what does this Infinitum Watch even look like Hermione?" George yelled as he kept his wand trained on the door. "I don't know!" Hermione yelled beginning to panic as she searched one half of the massive Time Room. "Dumbledore didn't think to mention that in his letter!" "Would it happen to look something like this?" Neville asked a minute later, standing on the other side of the room, his hand holding up a shiny, silver banded watch. Inside it held the brightest of light and what looked to be grains of sand swirling like a storm through the middle. It reminded Hermione of some sort of hourglass. There was heavy banging on the door to the room as George and Luna were beginning to lose their hold over it. It wouldn't be long before the door finally caved in from the pressure and they would be ambushed. Hermione walked to where Neville was standing with the watch. She focused in on its beauty for she had never seen anything like it before. "This is it, it has to be." Their mild distraction was enough for the doors to fly open, a burst that sent Luna and George flying back and skidding across the hard concrete floor. Hermione's head whipped around to see Bellatrix and the other Death Eaters from before standing in the doorway. "You didn't think you could get away that easily, did you?" Bellatrix smirked before her eyes landed on the watch that Neville had grasped in his hand. Her smirk quickly faded and turned to something dark and serious before her eyes turned on the Death Eaters beside her. "Kill them all. Do not let them get away with that watch." she snapped before turning back to face them, her attention solely focused on the watch in Neville's hand as a curse shot out from the tip of her wand. Hermione easily stepped in front of Neville, using her wand to shield them both from the curse coming their way. At that point George and Luna had recoiled from their tumble and were advancing towards the other Death Eaters in the room. The four of them could only shield themselves from the oncoming attacks thrown their way as they were slowly backed further and further into a corner. They had only managed to take out two of the Death Eaters, and were now matched 4 to 4. The Death Eaters had the clear advantage here as they had suspected the group's arrival. That meant it wouldn't be long before others showed up to join the fight. The four of them were too busy defending themselves, that they had failed to notice Bellatrix aiming a curse at Neville. Luckily, George had managed to catch the curse from the corner of his eye. "Neville get down!" The Weasley twin lunged at Neville and tackled him to the ground, saving him from the curse that would have killed him. The green light of the curse blasted into the wall where he had been standing only moments ago. Unfortunately when they fell, the watch had slipped out of Neville's hand and slid across the concrete floor away from them. They both looked up as Bellatrix began striding over to the watch lying on the ground. "Hermione the watch!" He shouted at his friend over the sounds of flying curses and blasting walls. Hermione was the closest to where the watch was. Her attention solely focused on the watch lying in front of her, Bellatrix reached out her hand to claim it but Hermione shot a stunning spell at the witch before she had the chance to lay a finger on it. "Stupefy!" she yelled. The spell hit Bellatrix dead on and sent her flying back. The witch would only remain stunned for a moment or two before she'd be free to attack once more. Hermione took that as her chance to run straight for the watch. When she reached it, she grabbed it and held it firm in her grasp. Hermione must have tripped something in the watch because her ears picked up on a clicking noise. Then everything started to fade and noise began to drown out. Time was stopping all around her. The other three had turned to face their friend and noticed her figure fading. This wasn't what they had planned. They were all supposed to go together. Her form faded away in that moment as Hermione Granger vanished from her own time. Her world had been consumed in darkness and she could only hope that somehow she'd be able to fix everything with the chance they had been given. When everything came back into view, Hermione found that she was standing in the busy streets of London, sidewalks overflowing with people bustling about their own business. No one had seen her arrive. Readjusting her position and straightening out her clothes, Hermione clasped the watch securely around her wrist so she wouldn't lose it. She wasn't entirely sure where to go or what year she found herself in, but Hermione knew there would be one person in this time she could turn to. He would understand her situation and know how to help her. The wizard she was off to find was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Chapter three is up! I hope you like it! As always read and review! I'd love to know what you think! A big shout out for the people who are following my story, I really appreciate it!
Chapter four is finally up! I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving holiday! I know I did! Please enjoy and PM me if you have any questions regarding my story, I'd be happy to answer them. Disclaimer: All the characters belong to JK Rowling, their rightful owner. Chapter 4: The Order April 23rd, 1980 Once Hermione began walking, it wasn't long before she found a newspaper stand with the morning's Daily Prophet. Picking up a copy, she examined it to make sure that she was in the time she needed to be in. Her eyes scanned over the article as she began her walk once more. The First Wizarding War had already begun and Voldemort was quickly rising to power and gathering more followers. The date on the paper read April 1980. Taking a deep breath, Hermione was hit by the sudden realization that she only had a little over a year to correct her future. Too preoccupied by her thoughts, she stopped paying attention to where she was walking and before she knew it, Hermione collided with another person who was walking in the opposite direction. "I'm so sorry! I wasn't paying attention to where I was going!" she apologized quickly. The man she had run into simply chuckled and waved her off not giving her a glance. He was kneeling on the ground picking up some papers he had dropped when Hermione had carelessly ran into him. "It's quite alright. No harm done," "Here, let me help you," she offered before kneeling on the ground herself to help the man pick up his fallen papers. Gathering up the papers and straightening them out, Hermione extended her hand to give them back to the man. Her brown eyes aligned with green ones and she nearly dropped the papers she had been holding back on the ground. The man looked to be her age with light sandy brown hair with a couple of scars marring his face that seemed to be fading. There was no doubt that this was indeed a young Remus Lupin. Hermione was staring in awe, mind running a hundred miles a minute as different thoughts circled her brain. She very well knew that running into her old friends was a possibility considering the urgency of her task. However, she never anticipated running into one of them so soon. Seeing Remus alive and breathing when in her time he was dead made her heart flutter. She had never been so happy to see anyone in her life. Remus must have caught her intense staring because he cleared his throat before speaking once more. "Miss? Are you alright?" His smooth voice pulled her out of her thoughts and she nodded, handing him back his papers. "Yes, I'm quite alright. I'm sorry for staring. You just look a lot like someone from home," she said with a bit of sadness in her tone. Hermione couldn't help but think of the older Remus back in her time that bore the emotional scars of many years of torment and grief. Seeing this younger version of Remus, completely innocent and unaware of the things to come, it made her heart ache. Hopefully, she'd be able to alter these events of the past, alterations that would ultimately prevent him and many others many years of suffering down the road. The young witch was determined to fix everything no matter the cost, even if it meant giving up her own life to alter the future for the greater good. "Ah, I see. I don't hear that too often but thank you for helping me gather my papers. I'll be on my way now," he said, giving her a soft smile before walking past her and continuing on his way. All thoughts she had of going to see Dumbledore at Hogwarts were pushed to the back of her mind upon seeing Remus. Hermione guessed that wherever he was going, it was to see James, Lily and Sirius. That would be her opening. They were all apart of the original Order of the Phoenix. If Hermione was able to find them by trailing Remus, then there was no doubt in her mind that she would eventually run into Dumbledore and would be able to explain her situation. She just had to make sure she didn't get caught. Hermione had followed Remus through town and ended up at 12 Grimmauld Place. She made sure to keep her distance as to not be spotted. She watched as Remus approached the familiar entrance and knocked firmly on the door. A few moments later, the door opened revealing whom Hermione assumed to be young Sirius Black as he embraced Remus with a bright smile on his face before gesturing for his friend to come inside. After the door had closed, Hermione decided to take her chance to apparate inside the estate. It would be risky considering she had no way of hiding herself but it was a risk she had to take. Taking a deep breath, Hermione apparated into the estate. Looking around, the vast estate was dimly lit, the only source of light coming from the dining room downstairs. Everything was clean and organized for the most part. A sense of nostalgia washed over Hermione as she took everything as it was. Voices coming from downstairs gathered her previously occupied attention. For the time being, she remained where she was, straining her ears to listen in on the conversation. From where she was, Hermione was only to make out pieces of the conversation. "The war's getting worse. The Dark Lord's gaining more support every day. It won't be long before he has enough power to take the Ministry." she heard Remus say. "Not to mention that no one knows who the Death Eater's real identities are." another man said. "If we don't try to intervene soon, the whole world will fall at his feet. There has to be something we-" the man was cut off by a female's voice. "No. If we intervene, we'll all surely be killed. We will wait until Dumbledore returns from the Ministry before we do anything rash," the woman explained. Wanting to hear more of the conversation, Hermione slowly began making her way down the stairs. When she reached the bottom few steps, one of them made a long, agonizing creak. Apparently the noise had been loud enough to disturb the portrait of Walburga Black because her eyes snapped open and the vile woman began screeching insults almost immediately. "Stains of dishonor, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of filth! Mudbloods! Freaks! Scum! All of you!" Walburga's incessant screeching caused Hermione to cover her ears and run down the few remaining steps. She had stopped paying attention and before she knew it, she heard someone shout at her. "Petrificus Totalus!" Hermione's whole body stiffened before dropping to the floor like a stone statue. It was then that the door to the dining room flew open, revealing a few of the original order members: Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, and James and Lily Potter. Standing over her was none other than Peter Pettigrew. He must have been the one that hit her with the body bind curse. Sirius Black, who had grown tired of his mother's screaming, flicked his wand at her portrait to draw the curtains shut over her. "Pipe down you old hag! No one wants to hear your blood supremacist views!" Once it was quiet, the figures in the room then turned their attention to Peter. James Potter, who was an exact copy of Harry save for his eyes that were hazel instead of green spoke up, looking at his friend. "What the hell Peter?" The blonde had his wand trained on the floor where Hermione was as he glared at her. "Sorry, I know I'm late. You're lucky I was here to catch this rat before she could make her escape. I caught her listening in on your meeting." The others nodded and turned to Remus who had an interesting look on his face. He recognized Hermione from earlier. James turned to him, "What is it Remus?" "This is the girl that I ran into on my way here. She must have followed me," he admitted. "Bloody hell Moony, I knew your senses have been off lately but you should've been able to pick up that someone was following you!" Sirius spat to which Remus shot the man a glare. "And how should she have gotten here in the first place Padfoot?" Remus shot back. "I thought this place was warded off completely?" "It is. No one that doesn't know the exact location or has ownership of the estate is supposed to get in." he explained. "Well then, Sirius. How do you suppose she got in?" Peter asked, his wand still trained on Hermione's still form. "Let's ask her," Lily spoke up from her spot behind James. The boys all gave her a look like she was mental. She instantly waved them off. "Oh relax. She looks harmless. Besides, then we can ask her why she's here." Before any of the boys could protest, Lily pulled out her wand and used the counter-curse on Hermione which let her body move freely. She had barely sat up before there were four wands pointed at her, ready to strike if she tried anything. "Who are you? And how did you get in here?" Sirius questioned immediately, moving closer to her. Hermione swallowed before she spoke. "My name is Hermione Granger. I was sent here by Professor Dumbledore, I'm loyal to the Order. I swear." she said, holding her arms up in surrender. "Prove it." Sirius said. "What?" Hermione asked incredulous. "I've never seen or heard of you before. If you say Dumbledore sent you here and if you're truly loyal to the Order then prove it." he stated. Nodding, she slowly reached into her bag and pulled out her copy of the Tales of Beedle the Bard with the note from Dumbledore tucked inside it. Then she handed it to Remus who examined it thoroughly. Once he had finished his assessment of the letter, he lowered his wand and urged the others to do to same. Hermione relaxed a little now that their wands weren't pointed at her anymore. Then he passed it around the room for the others to read. "So you're from the future?" Lily asked her confused. Hermione merely nodded. "Yes." "And Dumbledore sent you back to alter events? So your future would be saved?" Remus asked her to which Hermione nodded in response. "How far in the future are you from?" James asked out of curiosity. "Twenty years. Where I'm from, it's 2000." she stated. Hermione wondered how Neville and the others were doing, if they were even still alive. "You need to tell us everything," Remus said. A quick glance at Peter made Hermione shake her head. "I can't. At least, not right now. I need to speak with Dumbledore." "Can't you tell us anything?" Sirius pressed. Hermione shook her head. "I'm sorry. I can't afford to risk anything right now. I've already risked enough by travelling through time to alter my future. If you knew everything, it would put my time in more danger than it already is not to mention you would be putting yourselves in danger. Surely you don't want that?" "You're right. We don't want that. We'll just have to trust your judgement for now," Remus said as he exchanged glances with his friends. "Thank you." Hermione said. She felt a little better but she couldn't shake the feeling that her getting caught already shifted things in the balance. She had to be more careful. As always read and review! I am open to feedback and would appreciate it! Your support has been great and thank you guys for following my story!
