Harry looked at the packed courtroom, and they looked back at him. He hated these things with a passion after the farce of a trial before his 5th year. The door opened and in walked Dumbledore and the other members of the judging panel. They sat down before Harry and Dumbledore looked at him as he spoke. "Mr Potter" he said with a sorrowful voice. "Why did you kill Draco Malfoy by use of an axe, killing curse and sulphuric acid?" he asked. Harry had had enough of the old man after months of waiting around without a trial. He rose from his chair and looked directly at the Chief Warlock. "It was for the greater good, sir" Harry said. Dumbledore's expression brightened at once, and he gave orders that Harry be set free.
"Oh I can't wait any longer" moaned Hermione. "Me neither" said Harry. "Lets find a classroom" and they dived into the first one and locked it behind themselves. The pair kissed deeply as they tore at each others clothes, and soon they became naked. Harry pushed his lover onto a desk and began massaging her ample breasts, and Hermione moaned in contentment. While Harry was paying attention to her, she was holding Harry's ever hardening shaft and tugging at it and it stood to attention in no time. Harry dipped his finger into Hermione and found she was ready for him, so he positioned himself and received a nod from his lover. Hermione gave a scream as Harry tore her hymen to pieces, and then purred as the tempo increased. "FUCK ME… FUCK ME… FUCK ME… FUCK ME!" screamed Hermione at the top of her voice. "I'M CUMMING!" Harry said, and he exploded inside Hermione. They lay in each others embrace for only a moment until they both heard the sound of soft crying. They both sat up to see Professor Flitwick's First Year Charms class looking at them with horrified looks. Most of the children were sobbing at the sight they had just witnessed. "MR POTTER! MISS GRANGER! WHAT IN THE NAME OF MERLIN ARE YOU DOING?" demanded Flitwick. Harry and Hermione looked at each other as they scrambled to get themselves decent again. "Whooops" said the pair at once. A/N: Comments?
"Well if you can't be bothered to find people willing to deal with Voldemort, then we'll do it for you" Harry said, and he and Hermione stormed from the room. "What do you think he is going to do?" asked Ron. "I have no idea, Mr Weasley" Dumbledore said. "I think though that we will find out soon enough" and he was right. # "Your idea is most interesting, Mr Potter" said the woman. "But you yourself have said that no magic will work in the zone. And neither will anything electrical" she added. "We have thought of that, Your Majesty" Hermione said. "Inside a warded area, nothing electrical can work. That means that you couldn't simply pace a bomb and run. The detonator would not work because it would be depleted. What we wondered was if we could borrow some of the RAF's older aircraft" and the Queen frowned. "Why is that?" she asked. "The planes built during World War 2 had engines that were powered by internal combustion engines. They wouldn't be affected by any wards put up around the manor" Harry explained. The Queen thought about it for a few moments, then she nodded and called to a footman. "Go to my office and get me the Commanding Officer of RAF Cranwell" she ordered. "Yes Ma'am" the footman bowed and hurried away as the Queen rose from her seat and left the room followed by Harry, Hermione and several security officers. The officers took up places outside the door as the Queen and the pair of magical teens went inside. The phone was waiting for her with the Station Commander on the other end. # "Surely you're not serious" said the Flight Commander. "I am being serious. And stop calling me Shirley" said the Station Commander. "I better let my crews know" said the Flight Commander, and he hurried from the office and hijacked a passing Land Rover to take him to the Battle Of Britain Memorial Flight offices. # "Standby, P-Piper" said the voice over the headset. "There are a number of people wishing to board you before take off" and the pilot sighed before removing his hand from the throttles. He saw the small vehicle race over to his aircraft and out popped two teenagers and a regal looking woman all in full flight suits. "Bloody hell!" he exclaimed to his crew. "It's the bloody Queen" and the crew looked out the windows on the starboard side and saw them coming onboard. The pilot hurried out of his seat and made his way back towards the new arrivals. "Afternoon, Ma'am" he said, and offered his hand to the Queen. "Welcome aboard PA474" and the woman smiled. "Good Afternoon, Group Captain" she greeted him. "I am sorry to delay your takeoff, but I simply had to be on this flight" and after some more talking the pilot returned to the cockpit and resumed the take off. After they had taken off and assumed a cruising speed and altitude, the co pilot went aft and the Queen took over. Harry and Hermione watched as Spitfires P7350, AB910, MK356, PM631, PS915, PS853 and TE311 along with Hurricanes LF363 and PZ865. Together they flew – fully fuelled and armed for combat – to a location that was only known to the Flight Commander, the Queen, Harry and Hermione. The two teens took turns in the turrets before they approached the target and the co-pilot returned to his place. The pilot then invited his Commander In Chief to take up the Bombardiers position which she did. # "My Lord!" Bellatrix came rushing into the hall. "What is it?" Voldemort asked one of his more faithful followers. "Muggles come close" Bellatrix said quickly. "This is of no matter" Voldemort was not in a good mood. "Kill them at once" but Bellatrix replied that it was impossible to do so. "Why?" pressed the Dark Lord. "They come in flying metal boxes, My Lord" came the reply. # The Spitfires and the Hurricanes had assumed a top cover formation, and the Lancaster came flying in from the south and the pilot held the plane steady. "NOW!" he called out. "BOMBs GONE!" shouted the Queen over the intercom. The pilot pulled the aircraft into a tight climb and turn as the sixteen 500IB bombs streamed from the bomb bay. # For a first timer, the Queen was a bang on aimer and the bombs all hit their targets. One of them even skipped inside the front door and bounced all the way through to the hall where Voldemort had gathered his followers and then detonated. The explosion ripped the house to pieces. Harry and Hermione took dozens of pictures from the rear turret for the papers. "Well I bet Voldemort never saw that!" Harry remarked to a grining Hermione A/N: Okay time for an explination. In the books it is mentioned that nothing electrical can work inside Hogwarts because of all the spells and charms. One assumes this applies to riddle manor. Therefore all they had to do was to bomb the place with a Lancaster Bomber – which has very little electrical components inside it. Besides, it was fun to have the entire flight sent up to the attack. All registry numbers are accuate to the planes currently in the Flight as well as the actual station Pixel
The Power He Knows Not? Try The Power Of Interior Decoration Harry ran through the various aisles in the B&Q, dodged curses and found some cover. He hid under a bed as Voldemort stormed past him. He could hear Hermione fighting some of the Death Eaters. Wasting very little time, he crawled out from under the bed and hit Voldemort with a stinging hex the backside. "Come and catch me!" he called, and the Dark Lord screamed and gave chase. All over the shop the deadly race took place, and Harry found the part of the shop he had scouted out earlier. "So, Potter…" said what was once Tom Riddle. "Now you will die by my hand. Then I will kill your mudblood friend – but not before I rape her again and again" and he threw his head back and laughed mockingly. This gave Harry the time he needed. With a wave of his wand, Harry brought heavy metal shelves down on his head which cracked his skull open and killed him before he could make a shield or banish them. At that same instant, every Death Eater in the building and the entire country screamed in pain and then fell to the floor either dead or drained of magic and unconscious. The sound of running made Harry see Hermione ran over and hug him tightly, and then she saw Voldemort's broken body covered by what the shelves had contained. "Lets just go" she suggested, and Harry agreed. Hand in hand they walked away and wondered what to say to the press. The Boy-Who-Lived looked back to the sign hung over the department and suddenly grinned at his girlfriend. "I guess you could say it was curtains" A/N: For those of you who do not know what B&Q is (readers living outside the UK) think of a large home furnishing store Next: Snape Versus Head and Shoulders
Dumbledore looked at the list of recommendations that the Board of Governors had made. It looked like the coffers of the school would be running low before the start of term this year. List of Improvements All first year boats are to be equipped with life preservers as standard. Foods other then confectionary to be sold on the Hogwarts Express. Central Heating to be installed through out the castle. Quidditch Stadium to be renovated to include better seating, modern PA system and refreshment facilities. Fencing to be placed around the Forbidden Forest in order to stop students from entering. It is dangerous for a reason! Plumbing to be fixed in 2nd floor toilets. New signage to be installed for the benefit of new students and visitors. Review of currant school rules with regards to discipline. Potions storage room to be equipped with new locks keyed only to members of staff. Shampoos to be made freely available to all members of the Potions Faculty. (Well really Dumbledore… letting Snape have that much greasy hair! More grease on his hair then a kebab.) Fluffy to be provided with three tons of fresh meat per day – 1 ton per head. If you want it guarding something, then at least feed the animal properly. Complete review of History of Magic to be undertaken at next possible chance. With regards to History of Magic exams, the students have a ghost of a chance… CPR to be introduced to Hogwarts immediately. Molly Weasley to be banned from going near the school kitchens. The House Elves have only just finished counselling. New range of sporting activities to be introduced at next possible moment. Professor Snape to be reminded that a student saying 'Please kill me now' is not the said student giving him permission to cast killing curse on him. Argus Filch to be purchased a new set of false teeth at no cost to himself. Mr Harry Potter to be told that the command 'Hunt the Snitch/' is not an excuse to dress in a lion skin and carry a spear during Quidditch games. Mr Ron Weasley to be told that the sentence 'Crabbe is being served at the Slytherin table' does not permit him to eat said student. Over Christmas, St Mungos Mortuary will be closed teaching staff and Poppy Pomfrey are asked to keep pressure off this department. The headmaster put the report down on his desk and thought that it might have been a mistake to have a suggestion box for the students
EXTRA EXTRA – READ ALL ABOUT IT DARK WAR ENDS! In a dramatic ending to the Second Dark War, He-Who-Had-Previously-Not-Been-Able-To-Be-Named – aka Lord Voldemort – handed himself in under a general amnesty for Death Eaters and other such followers of the Dark Arts by Minister for Magic Fudge. Mr Voldemort, 71, has expressed a wish to open a care home for children and victims of his former evil ways. We at the Prophet wish Mr Voldemort all the best for his new venture – Interfering With Children's Lives Inc – in partnership with The Gary Glitter Corporation. A/N: I just thought I would post this little one so you could all get this message. There will be no more updates until a certain day. My longest serving reviewers will know (hopefully) what I mean if they look at a calendar. You will love what I have planned! NOTE: Decided to take Chapter 29 of Leaving Home off and move it to Chapter 30 - the finale. Therefore, expect a chapter of fun in accordance with the Madness, Non Canonicity, Oddness and Doesn't Make Sense At All In This Story laws set down for this website by Me - Pixel and Stephanie Forever YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
Of Beer, Mythical Creatures and Great Sci-Fi Shows Firenze was drunk, but he still managed to talk. The bad thing was when Harry and Hermione had got him drunk and then placed a memory of them watching Babylon 5 into his mind. When he met up with the other centaurs, he recounted the battle but muddled it up with and actual battle from the First War. "The humans, I think, knew they were doomed. Where another race would surrender to despair, the humans fought back with greater strength. They made the Death Eaters fight for every inch of space. In my life, I have never seen anything like it; They would weep, they would pray, they would say goodbye to their loved ones, and then throw themselves without fear or hesitation at the very face of death itself, never surrendering. No one who saw them fighting against the inevitable could help but be moved to tears by their courage. Their stubborn nobility. When they ran out of brooms, they used wands, when they ran out of wands they used knives and sticks and bare hands. They were magnificent. I only hope that when it is my time, I may die with half as much dignity as I saw in their eyes in the end. They did this for two days - they never ran out of courage but in the end… they ran out of time"
That's Right, Dorothy… Things had been going rather well until the aircraft was hijacked by some men waving small machine pistols around. I could have simply stunned him, but that would have involved breaking several laws, and I wasn't in the mood today. Whilst he had shot the pilots, they had survived but the plane needed a new pilot. When the hijacker wanted someone to go up and fly the plane, I looked around and saw that nobody had the experience or had any idea how to fly. With a sigh, I unhooked my belt and slowly got up so I didn't cause the clearly crazed man any alarm. "I can fly" I told him. "Well get your fucking arse up here" the man said. I didn't need telling twice and made my way to the front of the plane. He gestured me into the cockpit and I took the pilot's seat whilst gazing at all of the dials and display readouts. I hesitated due to the fact I had never flown something like this before. "You said you could fly" the hijacker said, "But I think you're lying. I better kill you now" and I decided to tell the truth rather then a lie. "Oh I can fly, but I was just making myself familiar with the cockpit. Whilst this is the same as any other of this type, planes all have their quirks" and the man seemed to accept this. I slipped on the pilot's headset, strapped myself in and settled back to watch the auto pilot doing the flying. "You're sure you can fly this plane?" asked the man who seemed to be the leader. "Well there should be two people qualified to fly the aircraft, but I guess you broke that rule" but the man didn't like my joke. He jabbed the gun into my ribs and told me to fly the plane. "Just get us where we're going" he ordered. "Where's that?" I asked. "Heathrow" the hijacker said. I nodded in understanding, glanced at the gun and then turned to my cockpit displays. It took me five solid minutes of asking to get permission to talk over the radio. Coconut Airways 272 – Do you read me over? "Heathrow Airport from Coconut Airways 272. First of all, let me explain one thing to you. I am one of the passengers but am capable of controlling this aircraft. The hijacker leader is with me in the cockpit and can hear everything we are saying. Over". 272 – Heathrow. We want to speak to the leader of the hijacking group. The leader took the discarded co-pilot's headset, and held the mic so he could talk. "This is the leader of the hijacking group. You may call me Mohamed. We are hijacking this aircraft in order to escape from our corrupt government in Afghanistan. We will hold this plane and its passengers and crew as hostages until we are granted political and personal asylum in the UK" and the people on the other side of the radio conversation seemed to be talking about something. We understand your concern, Mohamed. We see your plane on course to land at Heathrow, but the runways there are out of action because of bad weather. It would be too dangerous to attempt a landing there. We can divert you to another airport… "No!" said the hijacker leader. "We will land at Heathrow. Any attempt to stop us will result in the deaths of hundreds" and he left the threat idling over the airwaves. Nothing more came back from whoever had been talking, and I saw the distant lights of the airport ahead. "I think you'd better strap yourselves in" I told him. With careful movements, I went through the normal manner of setting the flaps, reducing speed and lowering the gear. "Coconut Airways Flight 272 to Heathrow Approach. This is one of the passengers speaking. Request permission to land". Heathrow Approach to Coconut Airways Flight 272. permission to land is denied. I repeat: permission is denied. Assume a circular path and await further instructions "Approach from 272. I have many passengers – myself included, injured members of the flight crew and hijackers. One of them is with me now and seems to want to land here. I am going to make a completely normal landing, but request medical staff to be on stand by" and with the voices in the headset still talking to me, I put the plane on the ground. As I expected, a couple of Ambulances waited out on the ramp we had been put on. Things kicked off when the Army attempted to shoot through the window. "Do something" the hijacker leader said. I didn't have a chance of shouting out because the Army would have shot me dead in a mistake. I leant over and flicked the radio on. "MAYDAY…MAYDAY… this aircraft is under attack. MAYDAY… MAYDAY… Mayday? Why not Shrove Tuesday, or Ascension Thursday? 2nd sunday after pentacost" there was a pause until a new voice came over. Aircraft calling Mayday. What is your position? "My position is right in front of the tower" You are on the ground? This is most unusual "So is people shooting at me!" I shouted into the mic. "There are terrorists who are heavily armed and dangerous. I don't think they would be too upset about shooting us all on here" I added. At that point the Army burst in through the main doors with guns blazing and then I could hear Hermione's voice. "Harry!" the world went black and then I saw Hermione's concerned face looking at mine. "You were having a nightmare" she added. "Oh" I replied. "Last time you eat cheese before bed" Hermione muttered.
The Quickest End To The Dark War Possible Harry saw Voldemort standing with his Death Eaters around him, and he forced himself to be as calm as possible. The group started walking up the path to Hogwarts and Harry knew this was the tie to reveal himself. "Afternoon" he said simply. "Potter!" hissed Voldemort. "Noooo!" he said to his followers as they went for their wands. "I must defeat Potter by myself" and it was then that Harry dropped his wand. "Pick it up, boy. We wouldn't want you to lose the fight so quickly now would we?" Voldemort and his followers laughed. Harry's hand – the one with the weapon in his hand – remained hidden by the bushes. "Ready?" he asked. "But of course" replied Voldemort. "Say hello to your death" "And say hello to this" and Harry brought up the BAR machine gun and fired until it was empty. When the smoke of the rapid discharge cleared, all the remaining Death Eaters had died. "Well… time for lunch" A/N: Its your lucky day. I'm full of one shot stories for you to read. At least I can have at least a whole week to READ fanfics instead of just writing them.
Everyone looked at the sight that was sat on the Gryffindor tables in the Great Hall. "Camelot" said Dumbledore in an awed voice. "Camelot" said McGonagall – she couldn't believe her eyes. "Camelot" said Flitwick – the tiny wizard thought he was on his way out. "It's only a model" remarked Hermione.
Killing Off The People You Want Or I Really Don't Give A Damn The people had been dragged outside the castle and taken down to the lake. The man in the emerald green robes waited for them. They all knew they would die, it was just a case of how. They soon found out as the man brought out a gun and aimed it at the six. "Oh crap" said Ron, and the bullet took him between the eyes and he flew backwards from the force of the impact into the lake where mutated sea bass tore his body to shreds. "Fiddlesticks" said Ginny. The bullet ripped into her chest and she joined her brother in death and fish food. "Darn" said Neville and his stomach burst open before becoming the third course meal for the fish. "SNORKACKS FOREVER!" yelled Luna as the life was taken from her just as easily as her head was removed from her shoulders. "Kill me but not Mione" was Harry's dying plea. The man had reloaded the gun before emptying it into his body. "Please no…" said Hermione in a whisper. The man actually seemed to consider the request before blowing Hermione away with a single bullet at point blank range. As he walked away from what remained of the six, Pixel regretted killing them all – especially Hermione, but decided that he didn't give a damn
Harry chuckled to himself as he sealed the letter up and had it sent by one of the school elves. Hermione had been beside herself with laughter when Harry had told her of his plan. Ron had been less then thrilled though. "One does not simply write to the Dark Lord" he had said. # Although Voldemort despised muggles, he did have a muggle television set in his quarters so that he could watch it. When Bellatrix - the only one who could get away with it - asked him why he had one when he hated muggles, he replied that he needed to know what they knew of the wizarding world and also what thier defences against an attack would be. One set of muggles he had told his Death Eaters to not harm and capture alive were four brightly coloured humans who appeared to have tv screens in their stomachs. If he could capture them, then he would be able tofind any people that had escaped the intial attack. He was watching something called 'Vanessa' when there was a pop and Voldemort turned to see a Hogwarts elf standing in front of him. "Lord... Lord Voldemort?" it stammered. "Yes" said the Dark Lord. "This is for you" and it handed over the letter before popping away. "A letter for me...?" Voldemort was puzzled and opened the letter and wished at once that he hadn't bothered. LORD VOLDEMORT, YOU ARE SUCH A NAUGHTY BOY! HOW DARE YOU ATTACK INNOCENT MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN? WHEN I SEE YOU, I AM GOING TO GIVE YOU A GOOD TALKING TO, A LONG SPANKING AND A GROUNDING FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE! YOU HAD BETTER APOLOGISE FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE! Voldemort shook in terror before picking up his wand and apperating to the Ministry and going straight to the Auror department. His appearance caused the Aurors to panic, but some kept enough sense to note that he hadn't started attacking any of them. they took his wand, snapped it at once and bound him in thick ropes and chains. "Please arrest me and throw me in Azkaban" pleaded the Dark Lord. "Why?" asked Madam Bones who had been summon the moment Voldemort had been spotted. In response he handed over the letter to her which began to replay the message. "I see..." Madam Bones mused. "Take him to Azkaban to await trial" the woman ordered, and the Aurors took away the man who was once the most feared man in all the country. Once he had gone, Madam Bones laughed her socks off and made a note to remind Harry and Hermione not to write Howlers with Molly Weasley's voice.
"PROFESSOR MOODY!" McGonagall's voice rang out. "What are you doing?" she asked him "Teaching" Moody was bouncing the ferret version of Malfoy up and down in the air. "Is that… is that a student?" McGonagall asked. "Er…no" Moody replied "Oh" replied McGonagall "Just checking", and she turned away and walked off.
Lord Voldemort's Other Diary… September 2nd 1995 Woke up at 6am. Had breakfast with Peter and a few other followers. Read papers until half nine. Did some shopping at local shops. Went to Post Office to post off my subscription to Big n Bouncy. Came home and did some cleaning while listening to some Queen. Peter, Lucius, Antonin and the boys came round for the weekly poker session until half eight. September 14th 1995 Up early this morning at half five, made sandwiches for picnic and took the broom out for my long delayed walking holiday. Met a nice muggle couple who asked if I was a muggle actor by the name of Ralph Fiennes. Had to say that I wasn't. Day spoilt by some of my Death Eaters killing them later. Came straight back home and grounded them all for a week. September 22nd 1995 I hope Hermione Granger got her birthday present. I haven't heard from her, but I assume it's the owl getting lost again – this tends to happen. Made note to ask the Owl Office about this in morning. October 2nd 1995 Placed order with Leaky Cauldron about a number of crates to be delivered for annual Halloween party. Will have to pay by cash… seems cheques are no longer taken in magical world. November 25th 1995 Looked under the robes of my Death Eaters, and found hundreds of dark marks. I banished them to their rooms to change into clan underwear and to wash their arses more often. "We sooooooooooooooooo have to publish this" Hermione said. "Oh, but of course" Harry replied.
The Most Unnormal Day Harry woke up, showered, dressed and went for breakfast with Hermione. "Bacon?" asked Hermione. "I prefer Shakespeare" Harry replied. "You know what I mean" his best female friend said. "Well I do like bacon as you know" and Harry helped himself to a medium sized portion of bacon to go with his eggs. After they had finished, they went off to potions where they had a most enjoyable lesson. They had lunch and then went off to Charms which went swimmingly. Their last lesson was an hour of History of Magic which was alright if one discounted the fact a ghost was teaching the lesson. Harry and Hermione spent their spare time studying and writing a book together about everything that had happened to them so far in their lives. As they went to bed that evening, they thought how odd it was to have a completely normal day with no attacks by Malfoy, Snape, Voldemort, Bellatrix, Pettigrew or any of the other Death Eaters. A/N: And people say that I don't have a sense of humour! I have good news for my Regular and Semi Regular reviewers – Destiny shall return the first week of the New Year. Can't wait to get my hands on her and get back to a normal writing schedule. I had problems with my memory sticks again and so everything has been wiped off – luckily my old memory stick which has not been working for several months now works so I had a back up. This is now named Pandora as it keeps hope inside. Thanks for all the reviews on Christmas Day! To make it easier for you to know what I am doing, not only have I updated the list of fics I am working on, there is also a list of fics which are completed. Regards Pixel And Stephanie Forever
"We have no way of knowing where Lord Voldemort is hiding" Dumbledore said. "Yes we do" said Harry and Hermione together. "Accio Lord Voldemort" Hermione said, and then they waited and waited and waited. After an hour or so, a figure could be seen flying through the air towards them. It slammed through the window of Dumbldore's office and right into the sword of Gryffindor's that Harry was holding. "That was easy" Harry said, and then he and Hermione went for lunch followed by three hours of Victory Sex.
The Saddest Funeral Of All Harry watched as the coffin was carried in by Ron, Neville, Dean and Seamus. It was a tiny one, and was painted in the colours of Gryffindor. As Harry and Hermione stood at the small trestle table watching the progress, the Aurors lining the walkway stiffened and saluted sharply as the party passed. Hermione held Harry's hand and squeezed gently in support. The coffin reached the table and was placed gently upon it. Harry stepped towards the magical microphone and began to speak, all the while looking at the coffin with the tiny body inside. "We have gathered here today to pay final respects to our honoured dead. And yet it should be noted in the midst of our sorrow, this death takes place in the shadow of a new light, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave her life to protect and nourish. She did not feel this sacrifice a vain or empty one, and we will not debate her profound wisdom at these proceedings. Of my friend I can only say this, of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, hers was the most… human." And Hermione led Harry away by the hand as the coffin rose into the air and was turned into a marble tomb. The Aurors fired a 21 wand salute before people made their way up to the castle. "You alright?" Hermione asked him. Harry nodded before taking one last look at the tomb covered coffin. "Goodbye, Hedwig" he said softly.
The Taming Of Ron Weasley It had been several days since the argument, and since that time, Ron had spoken only when needed and politely to Hermione. Harry was desperate to know what had happened, and he thought that she might have hit him as Ron was sporting a black eye. "Mione?" he began. "Something the matter, Harry?" Hermione replied. "Its been a few days, and I haven't worked it out yet. How have you managed to get Ron to speak only when spoken to?" he asked. "I confiscated his quidditch equipment" she said, putting down her book. "That all?" he asked her. "Of course, he had to make a song and dance over it. When I was taking them out of is trunk, he lunged for me, missed and whacked his face on the nightstand" "That's it?" "Yes. I suppose in this case you could I have Ron Weasley by his balls" A/N: Another one shot for you to enjoy. I have some good news for you: DESTINY IS BACK! After taking 900 hours to transfer everything back to her systems, check each item's end of file marker and then move on to the next one, I am pleased to report that Destiny is now back online and working well. Turns out the error was in her boot up and starting commands, but it has been fixed now and she is all better. Pixel
"Is he asleep?" asked Hermione. "Yup" Harry replied. "Come on up" and the pair of them snuck up and went into the sixth year boys dorm. They stunned the boy just to be certain, and then set about their work by removing his clothes and shaving his pubic hair off. "Snape is going to freak about this" Hermione said. "I know" Harry grinned slightly manically at the thought. # # # # # Ron couldn't understand why he was dressed in some kind of peasant clothing with what appeared to be his pubic hair glued to his feet. He had to make his way through the castle looking like that until he got to the Hospital Wing. And why did all of the Muggle-Borns, Half Bloods and a few Pure Bloods keep pointing at him and call him a hobbit? For diimortal
"Mr Potter" Snape sneered at Harry. "Can you explain the uses of a Bezoar?" and Harry shook his head. "That I can be, yer greasy hair devil. The stone in question can give a person a chance from Davy Jones himself, Arghhhhhh" Harry replied. "Ten points from Gryffindor for your rudeness, Mr Potter" Snape said. "Can anybody else explain three uses of Dragon's Blood?" he asked the class. "The blood of a dragon can be used only in the cleaning of a ship's galley, polishing cannons and boiling to throw into the faces of your enemies, Argghhhhh" Hermione said. "Tis true it is a horrible and cursed life you be leading afterwards" she added. Ten more points from Gryffindor" Snape said, but he was still no closer why the entire 6th year Gryffindor class had all dressed up as characters from muggle novels. They had come to breakfast this morning parading some kind of statue – appearing to be pasta and two large meatballs - around the great hall, and several members of the other three houses had realised the importance of the statue and had run out of the hall and also dressed like the Gryffindors. He wondered if it was some obscure muggle religion he didn't know about. "We shall be taking a test now" he told his class. "Beggin' yer parden" Dean Thomas drawled, "But ye'd be going into our good grog drinking time. I'lls be shivering thoust timbers if youst be doings that. Yo, ho ho and a bottle of rum" he added. "The scurvey dog tried to make us do a test, so I say we give him the black spot" said Parvati. Black Spot, Black Spot, Black Spot, Black Spot, Black Spot chanted the Gryfindors. "All hands be silent!" shouted Seamus. "Severus Snape, terror of the Hogwarts school, tried to give children a test. All those in favour of putting him on an island with a pistol with only one shot in it raise ye hands" and all of Gryffindor raised their hands. "Call away a boat, and clap that man in irons" called a gleeful Lavender. "Let us hold a feast to celebrate the going of this son of a sea witch" Ron suggested. Before he knew what was going on, Snape found himself being placed into heavy iron chains and dragged from his classroom by the Gryffindors with drawn swords. They put him into a boat and rowed him to the single island in the lake and gave him a pistol with a single shot in it. "Try not to miss" Harry told him as they got into the boat again. "I'ds be hating to puts you outs yur misery" and the boat rowed off with Snape's yells behind him. The Students all wearing the same type of clothes paraded the statue around the great hall that evening and bowed to it. "All hail the Flying Spaghetti Monster, and may we be touched by His Noodly Appendage" they all said in unison, and bowed again. "NOW ON TO THE STRIPPER FACTORY AND THE BEER VOLCANO!"shouted several of them, and everyone rushed out the hall to the waiting coaches to take them to Hogsmeade. The group invaded the Three Broomsticks and the Hog's Head and ran riot over the entire village, causing no end of trouble for the DMLE – some engaging in actual swordfights with the magical law enforcers! That evening, and after reading all of the reports he had been sent, Dumbledore made the wisest decision he would ever make. There would be no repeat of this year next year A/N: A shout out to my fellow members of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. May we all be touched by His Noodly Appendage. I, of course, dressed up in full Pirate regalia as my religion calls for. I also did a full shift at work dressed in the same. The Bestest of Regards, and may ye dance with the devil… yer bilge rats" Pixel Ramen
That's… Not What He Meant Harry was sat in Dumbledore's office, and the Headmaster looked at him with disappointment in his eyes. "Harry, what you did was very serious. You know that what you did is against a number of school rules and broke a number of laws. Is there anything that can explain what happened?" Dumbledore asked. "I stripped bare because Snape told me to" Harry replied. "Are you certain?" Dumbledore's eyes widened with surprise. "You, sir" Harry replied. "Snape told me to remove the layers from around me, and give him the naked truth"
That's Not What She Meant The screams had attracted the attention of Umbridge, and she watched as McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout came running into her office – not knowing this was part of a plot to get rid of her. "What is it, Minerva?" Umbridge asked. "The students are revolting!" the Deputy Headmistress said. "FINALLY!" Umbridge exclaimed, "Something we can agree on…" A/N: One part of the annual Pixel and Stephanie Forever Christmas Bumper Release (patent pending)
Winds of Change – Alternate Endings A/N: I originally had an ending that would shock most of my regular readers. I then went to one that I was not happy with, so here are all of them for you to read. Ending One – Ignoring and Disregarding a lot of events in the finished story. "What happens if you win?" "You would die" "And if I win?" "In that unlikely event" Voldemort said, "I would presume one of my followers would exact some sort of revenge against your first child" "Easy to get around that" Harry circled around a little bit more. He wanted Voldemort in exactly the right spot. "How?" "Adopt" "Oh" Voldemort was surprised, "I'd never have thought of that one" "You know what I had planned?" Harry asked the Dark Lord. "No, but I'm simply dying to know..." "I had a speech all written out in the event I actually faced you. It went into the morals of defending against an all out attack. Into the roles of the attacker regarding the attacked. It was rather nice, you know. But... after seeing all these bodies littered around the school... I find it degrading and demeaning. So, I'm afraid, you'll not hear my big speech" "Well I suppose you'd better kill me" Voldemort sneered. "You're a remarkable man, Thomas Riddle, so I suppose I better had" Harry's wand came up. "Accio Godric Gryffindor's Sword" and the sword flew into the air and was lodged at high speed into Voldemort's body. Just as the blade pierced his flesh, the dark Lord hit Harry with a weakened cutting charm. The body of what was once a man dropped to the ground with the sword sticking out of his back like a flagpole. "Got him" Harry spat out blood, "...Bastard..." and sank to the floor. His last vision was of the doors opening and Hermione rushing in screaming his name. # The damaged school was evacuated as quickly as possible, the wounded taken to better facilities and clear up operations launched to arrest the remaining Death Eaters. The only seriously wounded occupant remaining was Harry who refused to respond to anything that Pomfrey tried. When one internal injury was sealed, another one would open up. He was losing a lot of blood, and that was of great concern as nobody could make Harry take a replenisher. Hermione stood with her parents as they watched the teams of Healers all work on the still form, but, sadly, it seemed as if nothing could be done. Whatever Voldemort had done, it was causing the organs to shut down and hinder efforts to restore his health. "Miss Granger, I am sorry, but there is nothing that we can do now" Pomfrey said after the seventh hour straight. "No…" Hermione buried her face into her mother's chest and started sobbing. "Isn't there anything you can do for him?" she mumbled. "I can allow him to be awake until the moment he dies" Pomfrey said. "But that would cause him great pain, and he doesn't deserve that at all" she added. "I want to see him" Hermione pulled away from her mother. "I do not think that is very wise" said Pomfrey. "With your emotions as they are, they could cause Mr Potter to die" "HE IS ALREADY DYING YOU FUCKING BITCH!" roared Hermione – stunning her parents, Pomfrey and the other people gathered there. "WHAT MORE CAN HURT HIM?" "I can not let you harm my patient" said Pomfrey. "I am going to have to ask you to-" but whatever Pomfrey was going to say was cut off. The moment the older witch touched Hermione's shoulder, the younger one whipped out her wand and blasted the Nurse out the Hospital Wing, down the corridor and out through a shattered window. "Slag" Hermione muttered, replaced her wand and moved to sit next to Harry. "Oh why does this have to happen to you, Harry?" she whispered. "You defeated Voldemort, you've done what was needed… Why can you not be allowed to enjoy the happiness that was to come?" "Just my luck…" Harry said as he opened his eyes and looked dimly at his girlfriend. "I didn't think it would come to this" he said sadly. "I didn't think that either" said Hermione. "Harry, I have something to tell you before you go" "I know" Hermione opened and shut her mouth in surprise. "You do?" "I figured it was you that took the chocolate pudding from my dish" "It isn't that" said Hermione with a faint smile. Harry, as normal, was thinking of others first. "Do you remember that time before all this started when we took a boat and, well, you know…" "Yes…" Harry wondered why it was getting darker. "Well I've got a problem" Hermione leant down and whispered. "A baby? You're going to have a baby?" Harry was pleased for Hermione, but angry at himself for leaving her in the lurch like this. "I'm dying, aren't I?" and Hermione nodded. "You're… too sick to get better" the girl let the tears run down her face. "Life is a bitch, Hermione. I'm sorry I can't be around to help with the child, but I know the group will look after you. You are the named person in my will" Harry told her. And they hugged each other as they cried together. "I promise to tell our son everything about his father" Hermione promised. "A son?" Harry's eyes blazed with light for a moment before dimming again. Something behind Hermione caused her to look behind, but she saw nothing. "Harry?" she questioned him "Mione?" "Mmm?" "It was… fun" he said in a brief laugh. His eyes suddenly picked something out. "Oh my" and spoke no more. Hermione let loose such a wave of magic that it set earthquake detectors in every single country around the world off. It took a full three hours for them to get Hermione away from Harry's body, and it was after Neville and Daphne promised to ensure that no autopsy was carried out on him. # "We're ready whenever you are, Ma'am" said an Auror respectfully. Hermione nodded and continued making her final checks on the Firebolt. As she did so, she couldn't help but think about how Harry would have enjoyed one last flight on the Firebolt. Her mind also drifted to the funeral held for him a week after the Battle of Hogwarts, as the press had called it. Harry was buried by the lakeside at Hogwarts, and Hermione was planning and speaking to him when she arrived. A few minutes later, she stood with Harry's broom underneath her. If anybody would be riding it to retirement, then she would be the one to do it. "London Broom, Good Morning. Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot at Diagon Alley. Requesting flight to Hogwarts" she spoke to the person that controlled broom flights over the capital. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot, Good Morning. London Broom. Flight to Hogwarts approved. All other take offs have been stopped until you have cleared airspace" "Thank you. Taking off in three, two, one… now" and Hermione lifted into the air with some of Harry's ashes mounted in a small urn on the broom handle. Harry would be getting his last flight after all. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot, climb and maintain flight level four. Weather information, clear and sunny skies. Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot, we have some traffic information for you. A flight of Aurors is joining you at your six. They will escort you part of the way and remain clear at all times" "Acknowledged, Alpha Foxtrot" Hermione glanced behind her and saw a flight of Aurors wheel in behind and assume formation on her. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot from Escort One. We're honoured to escort you and your cargo part of the way. We shall remain behind you to stop any interference" "Understood, Escort One" Hermione said. "We shall endeavour to keep up with you" the Auror said. "Want to bet?" Hermione asked, and pushed the broom to the very limit. The Aurors were left behind for several minutes until Hermione slowed and allowed them to catch up with her. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot from London Control. Final clearance to Hogwarts is granted. For the last time, come left to 010, climb and maintain flight level five. Contact Oxford on 118.9 Goodbye" # "This is harder then it looks" Hermione muttered. "Nothing to it" Harry said in her ear – even if it was just her imagination. "Come right by twenty degrees and steer 340" he said. Hermione did as her imaginary Harry told her, and found the broom handled better. She had encountered some turbulence passing over Hogsmeade, and figured it was the Anti-Muggle protections which she would encounter as she entered Hogwarts. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot requesting permission for a flyby" Hermione knew it was in Harry's adventurous spirit. It would have been something that he would have liked very much. "Go for it" said McGonagall's voice. Hermione flew over the broken castle and rolled as she passed over Harry's grave. "Coming in for a landing" Hermione shook her head as she gave the broom a touch of the helm and brought it around – drifting towards the castle. With not a single trace of any bounce, she landed and shut the broom down as the group gathered around her. "Do you think he liked that?" asked Daphne. As if in response, a light wind picked up and scattered leaves around. "I think Harry said yes…" and Hermione went into the school to start a life without Harry. # # # # # Ending Two This was an ending that almost made it to the finished version, but I decided to go with another thread. This ending would missed out by the toss of a penny – so it was that close. Some of it made it, however, to the finished chapter – mainly the flying idea. Harry Potter watched the ground flying underneath him as he sped through the air on his Firebolt. After some thought, he had decided to donate his Firebolt to the museum built to commemorate the war. He was going to take it on one last flight before putting it on a sealed glass display case. "Firebolt Alpha Foxtrot, you are cleared to land at Hogwarts. Come right to 340 – ahead half speed" "Understood" said Harry. He turned the broom towards the repaired castle, slipped through the wards and gently landed on the lawn in front of the main doors. "Attention!" called one of the Aurors. "Face to front. CnC, Devon" and the line of Aurors saluted Harry – a gesture he returned in kind. "Mr Potter, I am glad you made it safe and sound" Professor McGonagall said. "As am I, Professor. As am I" Harry laughed. They strode to the building which housed the museum for the ceremony. It was brilliant and made a big mention of those lives lost to the battle, and he could not believe that it was ten years to the day he had killed Voldemort. # "All the time I was Headmaster, I don't think I ever came in here" Harry said, looking around the staff room. He had been invited in with Hermione for a drink with McGonagall and the rest of the DA. "Well this place is mine" said the Headmistress. "Don't think you can claim it back from me" she added with a smile. "I wouldn't even want this mouldy place" Harry shot back. "Good" Hermione said. "Besides, I want you to spend a lot of time in our bed" "Yes, Mistress" Harry hissed. "How is your new job going, Mrs Potter?" asked McGonagall. "Hermione, please, Minerva" Hermione smiled. "I am having a good time dealing with Muggle Relations, as it happens. We're working with the Prime Minister on a number of ideas that we ho-" Hermione was cut off by a loud booming noise. "An explosion in the main potion lab" said McGonagall. "Quite a few people in there. Gas spreading through the classroom" and Harry grabbed Hermione's arm and vanished on the spot. # "Is that all?" asked Hermione. Harry had brought out the last person a moment before, but he was unsure if everyone was truly out. "I better check" he said, and went back inside the swirling cloud of gas. As he did so, the wards kicked in, slammed the door shut and begin venting the entire classroom of gas. "HARRY!" Hermione shouted. "Open the door" she demanded from McGonagall. "I can't" the older witch said. "The ward is designed to work until the entire gaseous content of the classroom is vented" "All of the gas?" and McGonagall nodded. "What about oxygen?" Hermione asked, and the Headmistress's eyes widened in horror and the pair started blasting away at the door – joined by the rest of the old DA. # When he heard the gas being vented, he knew what was going to happen to him and so he sat on a chair and waited for the end. In his mind, he wondered what Hermione was going to tell him after the ceremony if a reporter had not barged in and ruined the moment. "What a way to go" Harry said aloud. "I suppose we all have to pay the ferry man some time" and waited for the end to come. # "He would have been in little pain, if any, at all, Miss Granger" Pomfrey was comforting Hermione. "I do not know if this helps in any way or not, but he saved the lives of seven students. If they had been in that gas for a minute longer, they would have been no hope of saving them" "He died doing what he believed in – saving people at all costs" McGonagall said. "I know, but to survive Voldemort and then die like this…" Hermione shook her head. "I understand there is nobody to take care of his family issues, at the moment" McGonagall continued. "And that would include his burial. I know that Mr Potter considered Gryffindor House to be his home. With your permission, I'd like to lay him to rest below it" and Hermione smiled. "He would like that" she said. "But I suppose he would have liked my news even better" the girl added as she kissed Harry's cold forehead and pulled the sheet over his head. "What is that?" asked both elder witches at the same time. "I'm carrying his child" # A service was held in Harry's memory, followed by a private funeral by invited people only. As the DA stood together to protect and support Hermione, they wondered what life would be like without Harry. "I can't believe he is gone" Hermione sobbed into her mother's side. "I just don't think I can go on" and there was a long silence. "He isn't really gone" said Fliss, quietly, "Not so long as we remember him" # The grief felt by Hermione was so much that she lost the baby. This, and Harry's death had driven her to suicidal limits. Over the following three months, she tried to kill herself on no more then twelve times, and it depressed her parents and friends to see the brilliant girl act like this. It was, however, Fliss, Charity and Bubbles that came up with the solution on their own, and the three of them launched a raid on Hermione's hospital room. It would have done the SAS proud! After knocking out all of the guards and most of the medical staff at St Mungos, they had taken Hermione from her room and taken her to Harry's grave. "Harry is not coming back" Fliss said. "He wouldn't want you to act like this – would he?" and Hermione shook her head. "How can I live without him?" she whispered. "How could he live with you?" Fliss replied. "Easily – he overcame and adapted to what happened to him" "But it is so hard…" Hermione said. Fresh tears ran down her face as she looked at the marker stone. "Didn't somebody once say that the secret to living life is to live it?" Fliss asked. Hermione sniffed as she regarded the girl in front of her. "Maybe you're right" she said at last. "But it is going to be hard… It is going to be so very hard" "Let us help" said McGonagall. Hermione turned around to see the Headmistress, the DA and her parents all watching her. Mr Granger held out his arms and hugged his daughter in comfort. "Lets go home" he said. "We'll take a nice long break away from all of this. You can come back here only if you want to" and Hermione looked oddly at her father. "Of course I have to come back" said Hermione. "Who else would look after his grave?" # Hermione would tend Harry's grave every day for the next hundred and fifty years, and she never forgot the good times she had had with Harry for that entire time. When she died, it was agreed by all of their surviving friends that she should be buried alongside him so they could spend eternity together. # # # # # Ending Three Inspired by the episode Call of Silence from Season 2 of NCIS "You know something, Jess?" "What?" asked Jess. "I didn't know you had to take lessons in Japanese to order from the menu" "You don't have to speak Japanese – you just accept what's in front of you with a smile" Jess replied. "Brilliant…" the man's eyes rolled round. He would have said something else, but a man came through the wand detector and set a number of alarms off. "I hope this doesn't mean I can't come in. Now just hold your horses. I wasn't going to hurt anybody with it - its evidence" said the man as he took out his wand and put it on the desk in front of him. The two Aurors looked at each other before Jess shrugged. "Your turn, Dave" she said. "Come on in" said the Auror. He got his wand and started to cast detection charms around him – passing the wand over his body slowly. When it got to his neck, he found it vibrated quite a lot. "You wearing jewellery?" he asked. "Oh, yeah" the main rubbed his neck. "I forgot" and reached into his shirt and pulled out a long ribbon with metal on the end. "Merlin…" breathed the female Auror. "That is an Order of Merlin 1st Class with a Ruby. Less then twenty have ever been handed out" she said. "Senior Auror Jessica Parker, DMLE. Mister…?" "Potter" said the man. "Harry Potter. Senior Auror, huh?" he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Just the woman I am looking for" "It would be an honour to help you, Sir" said Parker. "Say that after you know why I am here" the man said. "Is that something to do with the 'evidence' you are bringing in?" asked the woman kindly. The front desk of the Ministry sometimes got people thinking they had brought important stuff in, but they were all a little mentally unbalanced. The man straightened to look into her eyes. "I killed someone with that wand" # "Smith, make Mr Potter comfortable" the head of the DMLE himself said. "Yes, Sir" and Auror took Harry to a chair. "If you want to make me comfortable, why not slap a pair of cuffs on me?" he asked. "How abut something else?" asked Smith. "Any good at back rubs?" "Sir? Are we really going to investigate this?" an Auror looked at Harry who was talking with Smith. "No" replied the Director. "Ah" said the Auror. "But we'll humour him" the Director added. "Jones, he says he has been reporting this for the last three weeks. Told me that he couldn't get anybody to believe him" "What a surprise…" "Find out who was on call that day and get hold of the Floo call recording" the Director turned to another person. "Tony, dig up Mr Potter's records" "How? Got a security number I could use?" "I don't think they had them when he was younger" the Director said. "Then how?" "If it is really Harry Potter, you can get his details by checking his address" "Sir, I don't think he knows what his broomstick registration code is" "HARRY POTTER!" "YES?" Harry shouted back. "BROOM NUMBER!" "ONE SEVEN ZERO ONE SEVEN FOUR SIX FIVE SIX" "Or" the Director said, turning to look back at the Auror, "You could look under Order of Merlin 1st Class recipients" "He won a First Class?" the Auror looked back at the old man. "You don't win the First Class" the Director told him. "You are awarded it for going above and beyond the call of duty" # Some time later, and most of the DMLE had found an excuse to pass by the office with Harry inside it. It was not, after all, every day that you met a living legend. "Sir, we've found records of Mr Potter's calls to the DMLE and direct to the Auror offices" said Smith. "What do they say?" asked the Director. "He keeps claiming to have killed somebody called Luna Lovegood. We did some checking, but we can't find anybody with that name. We checked the records and found nobody alive with that name. We did find a Rebecca Lovegood, but she is alive and well" "Do you know when he killed her?" "If his memory is correct…" muttered Smith. "He says he killed her over a hundred and fifty years ago – nearer two hundred" "Then he would have paid for his crime already…" mused the Director. "Check records for that period, and see if you can find a Luna Lovegood. Check out the education department first" he added. "Director!" another Auror came rushing into the offices. "What is it?" "I found the citation from back in Minister Fudge's days" and the Auror handed the slightly aged parchment over. The Director looked it over and let out a gasp of astonishment. "Lord Harry James Potter, Student, Gryffindor House at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Hogwarts Castle and Grounds, Sixteenth June, Nineteen Ninety-Five. In combat littered with bodies and magical booby traps, Harry Potter led an attempt to rescue Luna Lovegood from captivity whilst Death Eaters and followers of Lord Voldemort were attempting to infiltrate under the cover of darkness. He immediately waged a fierce battle during which cutting and grenade spells gravely wounded his right hand, fractured his thigh and caused severe internal injuries. Near exhaustion from profuse bleeding, he continued to defend his forward position, engaging in hand-to-hand combat when he was out of magical power. At battle's end, Harry Potter was found amid the bodies of twenty six Death Eaters, four Goblins and Lord Voldemort whom he had killed in his self-sacrificing defence of innocents. We are forever in his debt…" "Gods…" said somebody. "He started calling four months ago after he said his wife died" said Tony, and they all looked at him. "What?" Harry asked. "We just heard about your wife, Mr Potter. You have our condolences" the Director said. "Thank you. Marrying Hermione was the second best thing to have happened to me" Harry said. "What was the first?" "Meeting her" Harry laughed – the first laugh in a long time. "So, when do I get locked up?" he asked. # "It is very rude to keep an old person waiting" Harry said. "We're still looking into your story" said the Director. "It is not a story" said Harry. "I killed her, and I did it without thinking about it" "Why not tell me about it?" said the Director. "Then will you lock me up?" Harry asked hopefully. "Maybe" "Mmm" Harry sounded untrusting. "The fighting was terrible. A lot of people had been evacuated after the Death Eaters and their allies had taken over. I was going to be one of the last ones out of Hogwarts. The school was badly damaged and almost a complete loss. We'd tried to hold on to as much as possible, but nothing that we did seemed to work. The second to last group was just about to go when I found out two things. The first was that Luna had been taken by the Death Eaters, and that some of the Portkeys had been broken and therefore could not be used. I refused to let her be left behind, and a few of the others agreed to stay behind. Susan Bones, Seamus Finnegan and Dean Thomas elected to join me. We had to fight a desperate battle just to get out of the room we were in, and Seamus was badly injured. None of us had any kind of medical training, so we just did what we could and left him behind. We found Luna being dragged by a Death Eater to Voldemort. He was hoping that he could use her mental abilities to find where we were now hiding. I saw her, saw the only way in or out of the room the bastard was in, raised my wand and killed her" "Killed Miss Lovegood?" "Yes" Harry nodded, tears running down from his eyes. "I just blasted a hole right through her…" he looked at his hands. "I've still got her blood on these" but the Director knew he was only thinking it. "Let me see what is going on" and the Director stepped outside and went down the corridor. "Anything?" he asked. "Only that there was a Luna Lovegood, and that she did die during the Battle of Hogwarts" said Parker. "Sir… there is something that you should see" and she activated the portable viewing globe – something like a Pensieve. It activated with a swirling cloud before settling on the image of Harry being questioned by a pair of Aurors. "This is what happened when we asked him how he supposedly killed Lovegood" "I pointed my wand and I killed her with it. I smashed her apart! Luna… I blew a hole right through her… I slaughtered her without a thought! I was totally covered with blood!" and the recording showed Harry heading into a break down. "What happened?" asked Parker. "He was remembering something he had done. Something I think he had to do" the Director said. "How do you know?" "You ever been in a full scale combat?" "No, Sir. I haven't had that privilege yet" "Then I hope you never have to. What he did was make one of the worst decisions you could ever make – kill a friend to complete your mission" and the Auror mused on that one for several moments. "If it is proven that he killed Lovegood without good cause, what could happen?" "Trial and imprisonment" said the Director. "And a loss of his Order of Merlin" "I hadn't thought of that" said Parker. "And neither has Potter. And there's worse. A hero… could go to the grave carrying a guilt he doesn't deserve. I won't let that happen to him" and a disturbance cause him, Parker and a few others to go back out into the corridor. "What is going on here?" he asked. "We have orders from the Minister to arrest Harry Potter" said an Auror. "Countermanded" "I'm afraid the orders came directly from him" and the Auror reached out to grab Harry's arm. As he did so, Parker fiddled with Harry's robe so that it opened out and showed what was around his neck. "Ten Hut!" and the Aurors saluted Harry and the Order he wore around his neck. "Now I don't know about you" said the Director, "But I think the Minister can wait a few minutes to have him" # "So I didn't kill her?" asked Harry. "Well you did, but it was a mercy killing really" said the Director. "You are a good man, Mr Potter. That Order of Merlin you wear confirms that to anyone that doubts you" he looked at Harry. It had taken some time, but they had shown Harry Luna's memories of the event, and her thoughts captured before her brain had degraded too badly. He had never seen them before, and finally had the shadow lifted from his mind. "If there is anything that we can do…?" "How can I be really sure?" Harry asked. "I don't know. You said that you and your wife were married at Hogwarts. Who was your first choice of Chief Bridesmaid?" "Oh, that would have been Luna. She said there were no hard fe…" Harry trailed off as he smiled at a long remembered memory. "She told Hermione she had a crush on me, but that she had no hard feelings towards her" "Sir, you did what you did what you had to do to save the magical world. No other reason" the Director said. "Is there anything that we can do for you?" he asked again. Harry thought for a long time but shook his head. "I'm just an old man now" he said, "And I'd like very much to go home" # Free of doubting and pain, Harry died just a few hours later. A full state funeral was held for him, and hundreds of thousands of people filed past his coffin to pay their respects. After the service, he was carried by members of Hogwarts to his resting place alongside his beloved wife, Hermione. As his coffin was lowered into the ground, the current Gryffindor Quidditch team flew overhead – the Seeker peeling off and turning away towards the setting sun. Harry Potter was at rest, and it was much deserved. Ending Four Didn't get past the thought stage, but would have involved the Power Rangers, the cast from Playdays and Thomas the Tank Engine
The Fourth Unforgivable The two powerful wizards faced each other on opposite sides of the devastated Hogwarts Great Hall, watched the other for hints of attacks and taunted the opposing wizard. Harry's only hope was that Voldemort didn't know of the fourth unforgivable which he and Hermione had found in a book written over fifty years ago. "Willing to give up, Harry?" Voldemort sneered. "I will give you one last chance, Tom. Surrender and put an end to all this madness…" "Never" "Alright" Harry shrugged, "You asked for it…" and raised his wand and began the incantation. His wand glowed with a power that not even Voldemort had experienced before, and the effort drained Harry by a lot – which he thought was needed to complete the most terrible of the Unforgivables – so horrific it was not generally known of. "What is this?" Voldemort growled as two man in pinstripe suits, bowler hats and carrying matching leather briefcases appeared out of the light. "Tom Riddle?" asked one. "That is no longer my name" "According to our records it still is" said the second. "Die!" Voldemort cast the killing curse but it simply bounced off the pair. "That simply is not cricket" said the first. "He does seem a little uncouth" agreed the second. "Who are you?" Voldemort asked. "Your worst nightmare" Harry said, laughing manically as the two men stepped closer to Voldemort. "Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs. We're here to collect unpaid taxes" they said in unison. "Tax men?" Voldemort whispered – the full horrors suddenly hitting him. "DAMN YOU POTTER!" he screamed at Harry's retreating form. "DAMN YOU TO HELL!"
The Alternative Ending To Deathly Hallows The two powerful wizards had faced each other on opposite sides of the devastated Hogwarts Great Hall, but only one could win the battle that would kill the other. The body of the fallen lay on the floor like a broken puppet with its strings cut. "Harry's dead" said Ron. "We need a new plan"
Lines Removed From Harry Potter… As he stood looking at the old man in his robes, clutching and stroking his wand tightly, Harry regretted transferring to Catholic School # "Harry, I'm having a baby and it's yours" said Professor McGonagall # Ron's eyes met Harry's. "This is better then Quidditch" his eyes seemed to say # "Now" said Dumbledore, "You have everything that you need to go and fight Voldemort. But, before you go, you just have to fill out this Health and Safety risk assessment form" # "Do you realise, Sir" Harry spat out, "That I have been living with muggles who take great delight in abusing me?" "My gods…" Dumbledore breathed – he hadn't know. "What have I done…?" and killed himself. # "Harry, I'm having a baby and it's yours" said Professor Snape # "Minerva, are you putting on weight?" Pomfrey asked McGonagall. "No" the deputy headmistress said. "Poppy, have you seen Miss Granger at all?" "Why?" "I just need to talk to her about that blasted cat…" # The giant saw the figure in the bed, became aroused and started to strip off his clothes. Once naked, he climbed into the bed and made love to the figure – feeling the tightness around his length. Professor Flitwick needed a lot of counselling after Hagrid's visit. # "Mr Potter…" McGonagall said, shaking her head, "When I said to go out there and kill the other team, I wasn't being literal…!" # "I'm in labour" Hermione groaned. "I'm a liberal myself" Harry grinned # "I wish to see my vaults" Harry said. "Do I look like a Genie?" Griphook replied. # "If I could go back in time" Lavender said, "I would love to go back to the 1920's and see all the fashion things there" "I'd love to go back to the Roman times and talk to Caesar" Hermione replied. "I'd go back to September 3rd 1939" Harry said. "Pay a visit to Hitler and tell him he can't lose" # "I'll get the Snitch" said Harry to Hermione. "You drill out his kneecaps"
What Gryffindors Do When They Get Bored… "Hand me that wiring would you, Seamus?" Harry asked - both hands deep into the metal framework. "Red or blue wiring?" "Red" Harry replied. "And bring us some of that solder too, while you're at it…" "The ramps have turned up" Hermione said, resizing a package she took from the newly arrived Hedwig. "I'll mount them to the arms" she added. "Harry?" Lavender called from way over the other side of the workshop. "Yeah?" he looked up and over to her. "You want carbon composite panels or steel?" the girl asked. "Carbon, Lav" Harry wiped his hands on his overalls. "When did the Weasley twins say they could come by with the compressed gas?" "Some time tonight or tomorrow" Dean said, finishing the crest that would go on the creation. "Mmm… Well so long as they get it by the end of the week" Harry replied. "Harry? I can get you a cobalt titanium outer skin if you want it" Lavender called over. "Oh…!" Harry jumped up and down on the spot. "Gimmie, Gimmie, Gimmie, Gimmie!" he cried. "Calm down" Lavender smiled and started casting the correct spells. Harry did so and turned his attention to the making of the tires. He had to make them reasonably large, but small enough to fit inside the armoured glass covers that protected them from incoming weapons. He was looking forward to unleashing the monster on his unsuspecting enemies. # "… and from Hogwarts Academy in Scotland" the announcer called out, "Death Eater" and the robot trundled into the arena. "You know" Harry shrugged as he ran a test of the back up control system for the weapons, "I think we've got Muggle Studies in the bag this year" "Yeah" Hermione replied, "And we got to enter Robot Wars as well"
No Common Sense "Would it not be a good idea" Harry said to Madam Bones, Minister Fudge, Dumbledore and the assembled Aurors, "To detain all the Death Eaters you can lay your hands on in one go, lock them away in a Gringotts bank vault and then launch a massive assault on Riddle Manor or Malfoy Manor and get Voldemort?" "That's a good idea… Why didn't I think of that?" asked Bones.
Harry stood facing Voldemort, wand at the ready, and waiting for the opening move. Voldemort struck first casting a Crucio at him which he managed to dodge. For the next three hours the pair battled in mortal combat to decide the fate of the wizarding world…. # "On second thoughts" the boy said to his Grandmother as he closed the book, "Harry Potter is rather crap… I'd rather have a copy of The Lord of The Rings"
When Harry Found Out He Was Manipulated Dear Tom, First of all, Riddle, calm the heck down and listen up. I have recently discovered that Dumbledore was playing me as a weapon and didn't expect me to live at all after our expected duel. Indeed, if I somehow managed to be victorious he would have had me locked up in Azkaban on charges of murdering you! Some bloody reward… So, I am in the process of getting the Gringotts's Goblins to transfer my money to a series of vaults in another country – maybe America or North Korea. I will be leaving this country for good along with my classmates who have stood by me when I needed the help the most. On the proviso that you do not attack the Muggles in any way, shape or form – Magical Britain is yours in one week and one day. Most of the magical community has switched between liking and hating me based on false stories and lies, so I'm leaving the country and bollocks to it all… Best of British Luck Harry J Potter
Dear Harry Potter I accept your terms Signed Lord Voldemort
Duty Duty - a four lettered word that is so small and yet means so much Duty - something people give their lives up for Duty - something I gave my life to Duty - to family Duty - to friends Duty - to yourself Duty - for a higher cause Duty - something I gave up my life for Duty - an ideal that people thought lacking in me I'm Lavender Brown, and I'm dead But I died doing my duty A/N: Yep - a double barrled one shot release... I've always thought that Lavender doesn't get a lot of good fics - except "Blue Eyed Doe" which I read every now and again - but as I was watching a film in the early hours of this morning (UK time), the word 'duty' popped into my mind and within seconds a little one shot had formed around Lavender so she could have a more fitting death. At least its one idea of what she died thinking
Harry's End Harry had always thought he would meet his end at the hands of Voldemort. He expected the Dark Lord to use him to kill his friends and the leaders of the light before making him watch as he and his followers raped and pillaged their way through the country. So, therefore, he was pleasantly surprised to end up being run down by the number 10 bus outside Kings Cross station
Educational Decree Number 24 Harry had just put down his book on nude witches, reading it only to annoy Madam Pince, when the door to the library swung open and in stormed Professor McGonagall. "POTTER!" "You called?" Harry asked dryly. "I have just had it from Professor Umbridge that you refuse to attend her lessons – and all your others, come to mention it" "That's right" "Would you care to explain yourself?" the Deputy Headmistress's face was a mixture of emotions. In reply, Harry reached into his pocket and produced a piece of crumpled parchment. The witch took it from him, unfolded it and then started to read it. All Student Organisations, Societies, Teams, Groups, and Clubs are henceforth disbanded. An Organisation, Society, Team, Group, or Club is hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or more students. Permission to re-form may be sought from the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge). No Student Organisation, Society, Team, Group, or Club may exist without the knowledge and approval of the High Inquisitor. Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an Organisation, Society, Team, Group, or Club that has not been approved by the High Inquisitor will be expelled. "Now just you look here, Mr Potter…" but she was cut off by Hermione speaking up for the first time. "Professor, Hogwarts is a school which is, by definition, an organisation. More so, it is a regular meeting of more than three students and a most regular meeting. Ah, I see Professor Umbridge has arrived" she added as the pink wearing woman came stumbling through the door. "I have you all now!" she said. "Actually you do not" Hermione said. "You passed Decree Number Twenty Four. The second line of which states 'An Organisation, Society, Team, Group, or Club is hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or more students' which we have just said to Professor McGonagall is what Hogwarts is. Now, you can certainly force us to go to class in your capacity as a Hogwarts Professor, but that would then put us in violation of said decree" "And just what do you call this then?" Umbridge said, gesturing towards the few dozen students. "I believe this is a meeting" "True" Harry smirked, but Educational Decree Number Twenty Four mentions only those gatherings of three or more students on a regular basis. This is our first meeting of our group and so first meetings, having not held such a gathering before, can not be called regular. I am sure the High Inquisitor knows and understands this. As such, we intend to continue this until said decree is repealed. Now, the High Inquisitor may very well send for Aurors to take the students into custody, but that would then make them liable to prosecution for arresting those students only obeying the letter of Educational Decree Number Twenty Four" "Forget it" spluttered Umbridge. "Professor McGonagall?" Hermione looked at the Deputy and Head of House. "Yes?" "I should not want there to be any misunderstanding, but am I right to infer that Madam Umbridge proclaimed that the decree in which we are having issue upon is repealed? I should not want to get into trouble for following an unclear instruction after all…" "Why you li-" Umbridge suddenly clutched her chest and fell to the ground. She spasmed around for a few moments and then went still. "You will be glad to know" McGonagall said with a slight smile, "That Professor Umbridge is dead from a previously unknown condition. In other words, I believe you broke her" and Harry looked at Hermione who simply shrugged before getting up and, hand in hand, skipped over Umbridge's body singing. "Ding Dong! The Witch is dead. Which old Witch? The Wicked Witch! Ding Dong! The Wicked Witch is dead…"
The Burial of Umbridge Harry watched as the digging stopped and the body of the recently deceased Delores Jane Umbridge was lowered into the ground. Apart from himself, Dumbledore and most of the staff stood watching along with people from the Ministry as the pink wrapped body was placed into the earth. A look of confusion from McGonagall caused Harry to look behind him and he saw Ron and Luna walking towards them with large cauldrons with steaming contents floating in front of them. To the utter disbelief of all there, they reached the grave and tipped the contents of the cauldrons over Umbridge's corpse. "Mr Weasley! Miss Lovegood!" McGonagall managed to splutter, "What is the meaning of this?" "Well, Professor" Ron started, "I thought…" "That you had to…" Luna said. "Put gravy on a toad in the hole" the pair finished. 'Somedays I really regret taking up teaching"
Thoughts Of A Survivour I look around the devastation that came to this place - this hallowed place of learning, safety and security. I look amongst the broken bodies of people too young to really understand what we battled for - those that died in the most noblest fight of all. Our orders were to hold Hogwarts ... ... ... We held
How To Avoid A Competition The entirety of the three schools looked at Harry who simply shrugged and sipped his tea - seemingly not bothered about his name being called out. "Mr Potter" Dumbledore frowned, "I believe your name was called out" "No it was not, Sir" "I may be getting on in years, but my eyesight is as good as it gets - 'Harry Potter' was the name produced by the cup" "Oh, I am fully in agreement with you" Harry said as he stood and casually walked to the Staff Table, "But it is not my name" and took out a roll of parchment and dropped it in front of Dumbledore. "Can we all go now...? I have homework to do after all" and he walked back to sit between Hermione and Ron. "Are you mad, mate? Who would want to give up the chance to be in this for all the fame and fortune?" Ron exclaimed. "I hope you have not done anything silly, Harry" said Hermione. "No! Wait... That is not your name..." and realisation dawned in her mind and she started to laugh madly. "Is she alright, mate?" Ron looked at Hermione as though she had just dropped from the sky. "Yep" "So what did you do?" asked Neville from the other side of the table. The rest of his house strained to overhear. "Well I guessed my name would be entered into this competition" Harry shrugged, "So I decided to get around it and change my legal first name" "What did you change it to?" "A name that would strike terror and fear into the hearts of many in this land" came the reply, using a voice that was both creepy and odd sounding. "What?" "Voldemort"
The Death of Remus Lupin Harry looked at the body of Remus Lupin lying on the floor of Hogwarts - the entire school staring at him in amazement. "What happened, Mr Potter?" asked a stunned McGonagall. "I don't know, Professor" Harry replied, holding up the silver pot. "All I did was ask him to pass the salt"
Harry Potter – Cradle Snatcher Hermione looked at the young woman before her in Harry's home and blinked several times – trying to believe what her eyes were telling her. The other woman was wearing a grey blazer with gold and green trim with a crest on the left breast pocket, a black tie with the same crest on it, grey skirt, black stockings and black shoes. "Um… Would you mind if I had a word with Harry?" she asked. "Nope" and Harry found himself dragged into the kitchen and facing his utterly confused and angry looking best friend. "Harry, when you said that your girlfriend was a bit younger than you and worked at the school, I thought you meant she was a teacher – NOT A BLOODY PUPIL!"
The Mystery Lady Everybody else had already left the small area set aside - leaving a small group of people of different ages, colours, creeds, races and species behind. Each of the small party stood in silence before putting a single rose down and walking away to leave and elderly woman behind for a few moments more. The woman was one of the last of the survivors from the Battle of Hogwarts after Ron Weasley and Ginny Creevy both died four years ago. She ran her hand along the stone that had already been warmed by the sun's touch. The inscription had been carved in by hand by the Goblins at Gringotts at no charge at all. Here lies Harry James Potter b. 31 July, 1980 d. 1 August, 2132 I did what I had to I hope it was enough As the woman let her hand fall limply to her side, a warm breeze sprung round the little plot of earth and scattered a few leaves. "You never learn, even in death..." she shook her head and turned to walk away. As she reached the gates, she looked back out of a sudden need to. "I'll see you soon, Harry" and, tucking a few strands of hair that held the last vestiges of redness behind her ear, she left the cemetery in the knowledge that she would soon be back for one last time and be back with the one that she had loved, honoured above all others and whom she had married.
Yule Ball "This… This was not what I was expecting from Mr Potter" said McGonagall. "To be honest, Minerva, neither was I" Snape stared at Harry as he led the entire 4th Year in a gigantic Conga Line round the Great Hall with Cedric, Cho, the Weasley Twins and, for some reason, Poppy Pomfrey bringing up the rear. "Filius seems to be having a good time as well" remarked Dumbledore. They all turned to see Professor Flitwick doing the Macarena with two young Ravenclaws, Karkaroff, Hagrid, two of the pupils from Beauxbatons and Hagrid's pet dog, Fang. "Fuck this…" McGonagall said to her two companions. "I'm off to find myself a barrel of whiskey – let me know when this hell is over" and, with that, she left the Hall with Snape and Dumbledore staring after her in disbelief.
Boeing, Boeing, Gone... After the defeat of Voldemort, Harry was left with huge amounts of time to think about what he was going to do next. His vaults, he had gained a couple more by some old rule of conquest still in place, were reasonably full and he had a lifetime pension from the reformed Ministry under Shacklebolt. He'd thought about being an Auror once he had left Hogwarts, but he realised he wanted to do something because it was fun – not what was expected of him. Once he had completed his seventh year, going back with Hermione, he had played Quidditch but sensationally quit in the middle of the season because the team kept making fun of his time on the run with Hermione and Ron. 'Although' he thought with a smile, 'Those idiots dressed up as Death Eaters on April Fools Day didn't help matters…' thinking about when some of the opposing team's fans tried to impersonate Harry's enemies. Reacting on pure instinct, and from nightmares that claimed his dreams every night, he'd swung the broom up, round, down and fired multiple curses and jinxes – he'd later been told they'd found the leader's right arm in a Primary school in Cardiff and had taken six hours to reattach. "Harry?" a voice brought Harry out from his dreams. He looked around to see Hermione entering from what Harry had cheekily called the 'Transporter Room' – the only room in his mansion that allowed specially keyed in portkeys. With the bushy haired girl was a couple of his old school friends; Neville Longbottom, Lavender Brown, both of the Patil twins, Luna Lovegood, Seamus Finnegan and Dean Thomas. For a moment he wondered why they had gathered, then realised it was the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts and that they'd all gather at his place to get drunk and swap tales. "Sorry…" he shrugged and got out of his chair to greet them all. "I was thinking about things" and the others nodded. Although the war against Voldemort had touched them all in some way, each knew that it was not nearly as bad as what the raven haired teen had experienced. "Where's Ginny?" asked Luna. "In bed" "At this time in the afternoon?" "With Draco Malfoy" "Oh man…" Dean drawled, "How long?" "About just over two years, so I guess I was the only one who meant the words on our vows" he said bitterly. "Let's go round and kill them both and make it look like an accident" Luna suggested brightly. "I'm with Captain Prozac" said Hermione. "No need for that" said Harry. "I have already cast her out from the mansion… I gave her the standard test for compulsions and stuff – failed each of them. So I gave her twenty minutes to pack her stuff and she took the kids when she did" he stared at his glass. "First thing in the morning, I'm going to file divorce papers and cut her out of my will" # By half past eight in the evening, the drinking was in full session and the group had been joined by other surviving of their year including a couple of Slytherins who had stayed at the school to help defend it. Harry and the rest of his really close friends, those that had not betrayed him like most of the Weasley family, sat on a collection of beaten and fire damaged chairs that they'd salvaged from the ruins of Hogwarts. When she had been around to shriek at him, Ginny had tried to get rid of them many times and had ordered her husband to buy all new stuff. In the history of Harry Potter, it was that one subject where he raised a hand to a woman and hit her. "Have you given any thought about what to do with your life?" asked Dean drowsily from a chair that had been taken from the Hufflepuff common room. "Flying… But Ginny has already got it around that I'm mentally unbalanced after that incident with the fans, so no team is going to take me on for fear of me going off on one again" he poured himself another glassful of whiskey before going on. "Watch an old Muggle show on the TV last night,,, This bloke gets out the RAF and then buys a plane to start his own airline" "You want to start your own airline?" Hermione asked him dubiously. "Let him do it if he wants" slurred Parvati from the floor. "And how are you going to explain all of this to the Ministry?" "Not planning to… Going to run it in the Muggle world" "Who would you have as your staff?" questioned Daphne Greengrass. "You lot…" Harry slugged his glass in one before getting his fifteenth refill of the night. "Hire you as cabin staff, sales, uniform making… We just use magic to do the repairs and we should work out well" "It's a sign of how pissed I am" said Lavender, "That it actually makes perfect sense. You know what, Harry?" "What?" He replied. "I'm right with you" "Great" Harry reached out to the nearby side table and picked up the phone and dialed a number. "Hello...? Is that Heathrow Airport? Ah yes, my name is Harry Potter. I wonder if you could tell me how much it is to buy a 747?"
Well, They Never Said I Couldn't The bodies floated on the water – all of them torn to pieces in some sort of manner. They'd all been killed in a brutal and terrible manner – in the exact same way… "Harry?" "Yes, Hermione?" "When the Judges said you could use any method to defeat the Merpeople, I'm not entirely sure they meant that you could depth charge them" and Harry turned from his one remaining friend to look back at the bodies floating around and bobbing up and down on the blood filled lake and shrugged. "It worked didn't it?"
Hermione's Death The day had not been going well for Harry as he had had plans to go out for a few drinks after his shift had ended. Since joining the Auror Corps ten years ago, he had risen up the ranks to become the youngest head of the DMLE ever. "What have we got?" asked Harry as he looked at a red haired Auror. "Murder case" came the reply. "If it was a simple case like that, why contact me?" "The person involved was an old friend of yours" "Who?" "Hermione Granger... From the looks of things, Sir, she was tortured badly before being carved up into a right state" "My god..." the colour drained from his face at the thought of one of his best friends being dead. "Any suspects?" "Sir, yes, Sir. Based on evidence found at the scene and the victim's own testimony, we suspect her husband did it" "Ron?" Harry's eyes widened as he took in the words of the Auror in front of him. "Where is he right now?" "Schedule puts him somewhere in Durham on foot patrol" "This is what you will do - call out the guard and have them in the briefing room in ten minutes. Next, inform the Minister that I will put someone into the maximum security wing at Azkaban" "Is that not a little heavy?" "Carry out my orders, Auror - DISMISSED!" "Yes, Sir" and the Auror left the office. "Susan Bones" Harry called as he threw some powder into his fireplace. "Hey, Harry..." she greeted him. "You look terrible - whats wrong?" "Hermine has been murdered in cold blood" "Noooooo..." she gasped. "Gets worse! According to Hermione's statement, Ron was the one that did it. Seems he got jealous about Hermione getting a higher ranking job than he had" "Thats no excuse" "Course it fucking isn't...! Sorry, Susie - this has just got me pissed off" "Is there anything that I can do?" "I want you and the Command Staff to form up a case and to prosecute Ron Weasley and his entire family" "All of them?" "Leave out Fred and George... They havent set foot in the Burrow for a decade. This has only just got to me, but I have a suspicision that Molly is behind this... Maybe Ginny as well" "They never approved of Hermione getting a job, did they?" Susan's fire image screwed up in thought. "And there was that joke about love potions" "But those are banned except for very special circumstances" "But she openly admitted using them to Hermione" Harry replied. "Have you formed a capture team yet?" "I'm having the Guard turned out now" Harry replied. "I want to be a part of it" Susan said. "Are you sure?" Harry asked. He knew very well about how close Susan was to Hermione as he himself was also close to the former Gryffindor. She was also an Auror, but she'd not seen front line duty in four years since her entire team had been captured and killed. She spent her time at the Academy teaching new recruits law and ethics. "I swear that I will be fair and only fire when fired upon" Susan said and then added "Although I will be sorely tempted to kill him out of hand" "We need him alive for questioning and trial" Harry reminded her. "Fine, boss, I just want to take that bastard down" "Five minutes in tbe briefing room" and Susan nodded before her image vanished. There was silence before Harry withdrew a bottle from the larger drawer in his desk and poured himself a large measure before downing it in one go. He did not normally drink on duty, and certainly not at half past nine in the morning, but some things simply overruled his normal pattern. # "This is a little more unusual then other briefings" Harry said. "We're not bringing in a normal criminal but one of our own..." "Who?" asked one of the Aurors gathered in the briefing room. "Ronald Weasley. He is with the murder of Hermione Granger earlier this morning. As you know, Auror Weasley is a highly trained person and a survivor of the Battle of Hogwarts which means he knows a great amount of spell work - do not underestimate him" "Why is Madam Bones here?" asked an older Auror. "The reason she is here is... Well, its classified Alpha One, but you will obey all orders from her as if they came from me and had a note from God. Now, we know what Weasley will be doing, so the majority of the team will Portkey to Durham and take him in. The remainder of the team will go to the Burrow and arrest any and all members of the family there and bring them to the Ministry for questioning" "Why Portkey?" "I know the normal practice is to apperate when possible, but I want this to go by the book and have everybody arrive at the same time" "What are the ROE?" asked an Auror that Harry was sure had been around since before Voldemort's takeover years before. "For the Burrow, you will use standard detention spells as a start with a normal esculation as needed. As for Auror Weasley, you will use heavy stunners and bindings. You will not shoot to kill unless it is the only remaining way to defend yourself and your team. I want that son of a bitch taken alive and brought in for questioning" "What if he is around Muggles?" "Then you are authorised to break the Statute - I want Weasley" "You know that people are going to make political capital out of this, right?" Susan asked as the Aurors filed out to undertake their tasks. "Dont really give a damn" Harry replied. "Hermione was not just a member of the Ministry, but she was a survivor of the Battle of Hogwarts... She stood tall and aquited herself with honour - you know the Goblins are afraid of her? Well, above that, she was also our friend and I'll be damned before I let Ron get away with this" "As far as I can see, the only problm you will face is the fact that Arthur Weasley is a Department Head and a Pureblood. The Pureblood Alliance will simply say that Hermione was a Muggleborn and decided to take out a respected Pureblood" "Perhaps, but this went on too long - we failed her in life, and I'm not going to fail her in death either" Harry took a calming breath. "Go and get him, Susan" "As Ordered, Sir" Susan's face was one of seriousness as she drew to attention and saluted before leaving. He waited for several seconds before pressing a buttton on his desk. "Sir" a voice came from the small speaker. "I kmow this is not the standard procedure, Mary, but I want you to go to Azkaban and bring back Severus Snape" "Snape?" "I need him for a task. If he asks why he is being brought to the Ministry, tell him I sent for him" and Harry released the button. He leant back in his chair and thought the secret life the three of them shared. A/N: Would you guys like to see this fleshed out more as a story in the future?
Unknown Power "What do you mean Harry doesn't want to go back to Hogwarts?" asked Ron. "He has to so we can get the Quidditch Cup this year" he added. "He said he has had enough of being ridiculed by member of his own house, most of the rest of the school and most of the teaching staff" Hermione replied. "To be honest, I can't really blame him" "Why?" "Well, take this year for example – the entire time he was called a liar, attacked in person and in the press and then Voldemort appears and suddenly he was praised for putting up with all the harassment… Despite the fact most of it came from the public!" "So what is he planning on doing then?" asked Ron. "He's going to keep up with his magical education, naturally, find out about his estate and family inheritance, catch up on his Muggle education and try to have a normal life" "But Dumbledore–" "Is this the same Dumbledore that repeatedly puts his students in danger? The same Dumbledore that allows an underaged child to be entered and forcing him to play? The same Dumbledore that took measures to stop Sirius from getting to Harry despite the fact he knew he was innocent? The same…" "Okay, okay" Ron held his hands up in surrender. "So where is he going to live? I mean, Potter Cottage was destroyed and I don't think they had many other places they could go to" "He's got this place" Hermione shrugged. "I'm living with him this summer, along with my parents, and we're going to start suing everybody that has hurt Harry" "Why?" "Because, you idiot, Harry likes the Magical World very much, but a lot of people have done him harm and so he wants to get justice and then live quietly" "But what about You-Know-Who?" "Voldemort…? Oh, Harry killed him last week with the help of the RAF and an atomic bomb" "Atomic bomb?" Ron replied slowly and carefully. "Mmm – seems it was nuclear power he knows not"
Ron's Declaration of Love "Hermione, I've been reading this book" "A Book? You?" Hermione raised an eyebrow at her redheaded friend. "Yeah - a guide to love" "You really need that?" "Well it helped me clear up a few questions and stuff" Ron said defensively. "Such as?" Hermione set aside her homework on the table and put all of her concentration on Ron. "I've been having feelings for somebody. Would you agree with the book when it says that if you find somebody you care for deeply, love without question and..." Ron paused to check the book, "... Would lay your life down to save, have been on lots of dates that you should kiss them and ask for their hand?" "Its a bit old fashioned a view, but I guess so" Hermione said - her voice was tinged with curiosity. "Great" Ron closed the book, lowered his eyes for a moment as he took a deep breath to steady himself and then looked directly at the person he loved above all others. "Harry, will you marry me?"
"I sat there, all night I sat there, trying to feel something. She was my wife and she was dying and I couldn't feel anything for her. I know that things started to go wrong for us God knows how many years ago. When we found out she couldn't have kids, I don't know, she just changed - we changed. She suddenly became all house proud… Everything had to be clean and neat and tidy. Well, you only have to take one look at me. With my job. I'm a street copper, that's where I belong. But that wasn't good enough for her now. She wanted me to go for promotion, to be ambitious, to make something of myself. She wanted something to be proud of you see, and what Ginny got was me. She came to despise me in the end. I know she always used to – her and most of her family. I used to dread going home to see that look of disappointment in her face. So I stopped going home. You know, I'd use any excuse – not enough Aurors to cover a shift... Need a senior Auror to supervise a team of Cadets… Anyway I uh… I met someone else" Harry snorted in resignation at the thought of his happiness with Astoria Greengrass and sipped his drink sadly. "When don't you in that situation? I made up my mind to leave her, you know, and the very day I plucked up courage to tell her, the Healers called me at the Ministry. She got a magical and incurable form of cancer. Every test that she was given said the same – 18 months. Ginny always had trouble with her stomach… She always thought it was nerves. Anyway, she wanted to know. She hoped she could cope. She went to pieces. She clung to me for the first time in years - her whole body shaking. 'You will look after me Harry? You will look after me Harry? You'll look after me, won't you?' I said 'I'll look after you. Of course, I'll stay and take care of you'. I went out and got so drunk. I was still drunk when the call came through about this nutter with a hostage and a Muggle weapon. Before they could stop me I was moving in on him. You know what I was thinking? All I was thinking was 'Go on you bugger, shoot me because I don't give a damn one way or the other'. And for this act of outstanding heroism…? They gave me another bloody medal to add to my somewhat expansive collection. I think that was the happiest day of her life, you know. She was standing next to me in my suit at Buckingham Palace – getting the medal from the Queen… I'd finally done something, in her eyes at least, to make her proud of me. I wasn't even there when she died… And I wasn't even there when she died. She'd have quite liked that. 'You even let me down on that Harry - can't trust you to do anything'" "Did you love her?" "At first, yes… but I found out that magical marriages are until death of the other party. Divorce is so rare in this world that it needs an Act to get it through" "Is that why you saw who you did?" "Mostly… The other reason is that most of her family were drugging me with potions. I had an old and trusted friend of mine look into it – turns out drugging somebody with potions is legal in that respect" and Harry sighed, shook his glass and downed the rest of the Firewhiskey. "At least it's not too late to have a family life now" "Astoria?" "Yeah… I love her totally. She's like me, actually! Told she had to be something but always wanting more, to be great and to be better and all she could be. I think… I think I could be happy at last…" A/N: I shall leave it up to you to decide who Harry was talking to in this chapter…
Still Open For Business They'd tried to make Harry leave with the others, but as an adult nobody could ever tell him what to do again - he'd steadily refused to leave the castle until the last of the injured were treated and removed. "Hello, Harry Potter" Luna's slightly Irish lilt made him come out of his thoughts and he looked to see her coming towards him dressed in a jumper and jeans. "Hey, Luna… How's things?" "Good" she replied as she sat on the grass next to him. "My dad is dead" the girl added. "Um, sorry…?" he stuttered. "He died from all the torture the Death Eaters put him through after you escaped" Luna said calmly. "At least he's up in heaven with Mummy now" "Right… So I guess you are the head of your family now" "A small family with only me in it, but it's a family all the same" "I know how that feels" Harry said bitterly and watched as smoke still drifted out of the castle. He could see where huge parts were missing in its ancient walls, some of the smaller towers had been reduced to rubble and the sickly sweet smell of death could be smelt even by the Great Lake. "You do, don't you?" Luna said quietly. "Its not very nice is it?" she added. "Being on your own or the castle?" Harry chuckled. "Both, but the castle looks very sad for itself" Luna said. "I don't know if it will ever reopen again" "Is it that bad?" Harry jerked to look directly at her with some concern. "I heard Professor McGonagall say that it might be dangerous with all the latent magic in the air, something about even the goblins couldn't handle a big task like this without calling in outside help from other branches. Anyway, why is Ginny not with you?" "She went home to bury her brother" Harry said softly. "She wants to get back with me, but I don't want to get with her if that makes sense" "It does, Harry – we've all changed from children to adults" Luna said. Harry thought she sounded as bitter and angry as he'd ever heard her before. "Some people had to grow up really quickly…" "And some will never grow up" Harry finished for her. "You're right, Luna" "About what?" "The castle does look a little sad" he stood up and helped her to her feet. "Let's make it happy again" "How?" "You know how, Luna, you are a Seer after all…" and Luna blinked several times in surprise. She'd tried very hard to keep the news of her abilities secret, yet Harry had just demolished the barriers in just a few words. Smiling to her friend, though, she took his hand and allowed him to walk with her towards the castle. # It was the one spot of the castle that had escaped any damage at all – the pole still stood gleaming with a few strands of rope running up and down it. Harry looked to see the bundle Luna was carrying being fixed by the girl to the turret wall – it had taken her a few minutes with the help of her wand, though the writing was a little wonky in a few places. The pair exchanged glances, nodded to the other and then they pushed the bundle over the side and then pulled on the rope until they could no longer do so. "What are you feeling, Luna?" Harry asked as he noticed her eyes were shut but tears fell out of them all them same. She sniffed and then opened her eyes to look at Harry with a smile on her face. "The castle feels happy now, Harry Potter, it has hope" she replied. Together, the two friends left battlements and went to see the remaining occupants and their wellbeing. They left behind a giant version of the Hogwarts crest fluttering through the smoke in a slight breeze and a giant sign over the main doors to the school… Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Still Open For Business Re-Opens 1st September
An Announcement of Sadness… "Good Morning… I will make a short announcement, but I am unable to take any questions for the moment" Susan Bones gripped both sides of the podium she stood behind to try and stop her hands shaking. Her robes were crumpled and stained with soil and blood and showed signs of having been in a major fight recently. "After successful attacks last night against Death Eater forces, Director Potter decided to press forward. The Death Eaters retreated as we approached them. Our forces reached the outskirts of Little Hangleton, the former home of Voldemort. We believe the new Death Eaters chose this place as a symbol of their supposed legacy from the Dark Lord. As we approached, large numbers of the enemy threw down their wands and surrendered. When Director Potter moved to the house to take the people inside into custody, he was attacked by them and, I regret…" Susan paused as a chill went through her, "I regret that Director Harry Potter was killed whilst trying to protect others in his attack party. The Aurors who were with him returned fire with such effect that nothing was left of them. As a result of the death of Harry Potter, I have been named Director of the DMLE until further notice. The Minister has declared a state of mourning that will last for a period of three days starting tomorrow, but all citizens are permitted to do as they please within this timeframe. A memorial service will be held at the Ministry when it can be arranged before a private service is held as Harry wished it. To any Death Eaters who managed to escape last night's attacks, turn yourselves in – you killed one of us, and we'll tear you to pieces with our bare hands and hunt you to the ends of the earth to finish you" and she looked at the silent members of the press. "If we have to chase you, you had better pray for mercy from whoever controls the next life… Because you won't get any from us" and she turned and left to leave everybody wondering what they would do in a world without Harry Potter – they felt such a great loss inside themselves. But it was nothing compared to what Susan had lost… A/N: This can be seen as a either a stand alone one-shot or as a sequel to an earlier one if you can guess which one I mean
Harry and the Harekaze As the ship surged on through the sea, Akeno gazed out of the Harekaze's forward Bridge windows and sighed in contentment. "You sound happy" a voice said from behind her. "I am… Even with people thinking we've mutinied, I'm pleased to be on the sea" "I just hope that people will believe us when we get to our next meeting point – I did not want to fire at them after all" Shiro said. "It was the only way to escape… I just don't understand how a modern ship like that was sunk with an unarmed torpedo" "I wish I knew" Shiro replied. She was about to add more when Macchi's voice came out of the speaking pipe. "Bridge, Lookout… I have an object floating in the water almost directly ahead of us" "Thank you" Akeno said. She scanned the water in front of the ship before finding the object – a body weakly moving in the water. "MAN OVERBOARD!" she shouted. "Rin, hard to starboard. Shiro, stop both engines. Away the seaboat" the orders were instantly obeyed and soon a boat was launched which returned with the body. # Apart from telling that it was a boy, all they could find was a wallet containing some odd paper, some strange coins and a wooden stick strapped to his wrist with a soft leather strap-holster. He was quickly hurried down to the Sickbay when he was brought aboard and their Doctor could examine him for any signs of injury. When they could find nothing but things associated with being in the water for a period of time, they treated him and gave him fluids and tried to keep him warm in the one bed they had. When he finally stirred that evening, he looked around in panic and started talking in English and had to be held down by most of the off duty watch. Akeno and Shiro came rushing down in time to see him throw the girls off and make a grab for the wooden stick on the Doctor's desk – waving it at him and muttering something. The girls were about to pounce on him again so he could be sedated when he raised his hands in surrender and started to speak to them. "I give in" he said. "No more" he added as he sat defeated on the bed. The complete change in attitude surprised them "You speak Japanese?" Akeno asked. "In a manner of speaking" the boy smiled weakly. "I'm guessing you know what I am?" he asked. "Not really… We found some odd coins, some thick paper and a stick stuck to your wrist" Shiro said. "This… This may be hard to understand, but I'm a Wizard" and over the next ten minutes, he told them all about Voldemort, the magical world and how he ended up in the middle of the ocean. "I thought you said you had to keep magic a secret, so why in front of us?" Akeno asked. "Because I couldn't sense another magical person or being. The spell I used to get away from the fighting was affected by an attack from one of Voldemort's followers – instead of just distance, I think the magical energy came together to put me in another dimension" "I'm sorry" Akeno said, "I know how it is to lose family and friends" "Thank you" the boy looked around at the girls all looking at him with mixed expressions and sighed. "Thank you for picking me up… I was quite weak when you got to me. If you could find me somewhere to sleep, I'll just stay there until you decide what to do with me" "I'm afraid all of our cabins are occupied" said Shiro. "Apart from that, this ship only has female students onboard" "Oh… Well just give me a cupboard to sleep in then" "We can't do that" one of the other girls said. "Captain, I think we have a spare storeroom. What if we gave him a hammock?" "Hammock? Sweet… Hammocks are awesome. I can dry my clothes off with a bit of magic, but I would like to be alone" "Why?" Shiro asked in suspicion. "Because I want to get changed" "Oh" the girls all blushed. "Everybody out" Akeno ordered. "When you are ready, Minami will help you get settled in" she added. "Thank you" "One more thing… What is your name?" "Harry… Harry Potter" # When Minami had waited some time for Harry to come out and he'd not appeared, she gently knocked on the door and pushed it open slowly. To her surprise, Harry was already fully dressed and sat on the bed in Sickbay sniffing through tears. "I apologise for intruding" she said and made to back out before Harry's voice stopped her. "It's alright – best to let it happen" and Minami came in and closed the door. "Things are happening so fast I just can not believe it. I am trying to come to terms with not being able to see those I love ever again" "There are always possibilities" "Yeah, but not this time. I'm a powerful Wizard and can detect a magical presence even years after it was imprinted, but I can detect nothing. I've tried Portkeying away, but it doesn't work – I'm trapped" "I'm sorry" Minami said. "If you would like, I will show you around and then to your poor excuse for a room. I am sorry we could not offer a visitor anything else" "Watashi wa yosō-gai ni tōchaku shitanode, shazai suru riyū wa arimasen" Harry replied. "You speak Japanese?" Minami asked with an uncharacteristic surprise. "I picked it up from an old friend of mine" Harry sighed. "It's going to be hard not seeing them again" "Maybe you will find a way" "Perhaps, but I doubt it. Would it be possible to get something to eat? I haven't eaten in six days" "I suppose that is down to the time and dimension travel?" Minami asked as she led the way out into the passageway and back aft. "Yes" "I should introduce you to the ship's secretary… She's into science fiction" Minami rolled her eyes and Harry got the impression she didn't do it often. "The galley is this way. We have already eaten our morning meal, but perhaps there is something left over for you" # "I feel like a sideshow, but I guess I'm damned used to that" Harry muttered. "It is not every single day a boy comes onboard the Harekaze" Minami said as she gestured towards the Bridge. "I must go back to Sickbay and make a note of everything that has happened. I will see you again – good, Harry Potter" and the young girl turned and walked back. Harry watched her go before he walked along the upper deck and stood at the edge of the starboard side of the Bridge. "I am here to see the Captain" he announced. "I will ask her to come up. You can wait by the back wall" Shiro said. When she finished the call and looked over to where Harry was still standing, she frowned in confusion. "Why do you wait there?" "I was waiting to ask permission to enter the Bridge" Harry replied and Shiro blushed slightly and smiled. "You have permission" she told him and Harry went to stand at the back of the Bridge near the telephone panels. It was only a few minutes before Akeno came up, glanced at the log before coming over to speak to Harry. "How have you settled in?" she asked. "Good, though I bet the shock will hit me later on when I think about it" "We're short staffed on here – is there anything you can do?" she asked him. "Well I can fly a broom, I can cook and clean… I actually do a lot more with my magic then you would expect. I will stay in the storeroom for now until something is decided about me – I do not want to be any bother to anybody. All I ask is that I be allowed up on deck sometimes" and Akeno thought Harry was very nervous about stuff. "Is something the matter?" she asked. "When I was young, the people that looked after me kept me in a cupboard under the stairs. Even today, as old as I am now, I hate not being able to go and look at the sky" "I'm so sorry" Akeno hugged him tightly. "Captain, didn't your mother tell you not to hug strange boys?" Shiro asked. Akeno let Harry go and stiffened before turning round and looking at the Deputy Captain with as much anger as anybody could remember ever seeing on her. "My mother never told me anything, Mashiro… She died in a shipping accident when I was young" "I apologise, Captain" Shiro bowed low to her. "You did not know, Deputy Captain, but you have upset me. I hereby relieve you of duty for the rest of the day and confine you to your cabin except to eat" "Aye, Ma'am – again, I apologise" and Shiro stood to attention and then turned round and walked off the Bridge. "I like it here" Harry said into the silence, "Its exciting" "You said that you can repair things" Akeno said. "Yep" "We are having trouble with our engines – would you go to see what you can do?" "I would be most honoured, Captain" Harry nodded in respect. "Bridge, Lookout" "Bridge" "Captain, I can see another ship coming towards us – I think it's the Admiral Spee" "Harry, you must go back to your storeroom – things are about to get dangerous up here" "You don't think they will fire on you, do you?" Harry asked. "Spee is rotating her main batteries" "Yes" Akeno replied, "I think they will" "As you know I can repair things, would you like me to help fix any damage?" "Good idea" Akeno said. "I hate to think of firing on another ship of students, but my job is to look after my crew first" she added. "I know only too well how that is" and Akeno looked deeply into Harry's far off and haunted look. "You do, don't you? You've lost a lot of people close to you" "Yeah… Sometimes far too many" "Do the hard decisions ever get easier?" Akeno asked as Spee fired her forward turrets. "No" Harry shook his head and braced for impact, "But they get easier to make" A/N: In the future, I might pad it out and change things, but as a standalone, I think it works well enough for a crossover… For those wondering, Harry says to Minami "I arrived unexpected, so there is no reason to apologise"
Harry's Last Save… I was there you know… At the end of things, I mean. He'd been brought in after feeling unwell for several weeks and most people had guessed, rightly as it turned out, his body was slowly shutting down. He never seemed to be bothered by it; in fact I rather think he was ready to welcome death like an old friend or something. Every Healer knew his tale, knew his life and knew he was upset at not having any of his friends for the last fifty years of his life. "If you are the one to find me dead, Madam Healer" the old man would say in the most old fashioned of politeness, "Make sure I am carrying three pieces of gold to pay the ferryman" and I simply smiled and nodded indulgently. It was not until after he died and I carried out his request that a Muggle Born friend told me the background of the phrase… The day he died, news came in of a hostage situation with some New Death Eaters, as they styled themselves, getting hold of a lot of children and threatening to kill one every hour until their demands were met. The old man had been signing papers, nobody had the heart or guts to remove him from his job, and heard all about it. Energy seemed to fill him with a renewed spirit and he got out of bed and carefully dressed in his uniform – the old style seen only in museums and photographs. Truth be told, only the man in front of me was ever seen wearing it – a blood red tunic with a black belt and a pointed star as the buckle. Black trousers with a gold stripe on each leg and dragon hide boots completed the outfit along with a cape. Nobody ever knew why he had a long trenchcoat like cape, but he always wore it… "I hear there is a hostage situation" the man said. "Yes" the Healer in his room replied, "They've taken at least four adults hostage as well as two dozen young children. I'm told they have already killed another three children as a warning to the Aurors" "Tell me where to find those responsible – then dig more graves" the extremely old man said. "If you excuse me, Master Healer, it seems as if I have to go do a little cleaning up" and he apperated out of the room. # "Crucio!" the man screamed and the 9 year old was hit by the curse and she screamed until she passed out from the pain. "I can't wait to break her" "And I this one" said his companion – just before the door broke apart and disintegrated against the far wall. "And I can't wait to break the pair of you" somebody stepped through the swirling dust dressed in the old style uniform with one hand holding their wand and the other resting on the hilt of a sword. "Surrender, and I promise you a fair trial" "Go to hell, old man…" the pair snarled and fired curses at him. The old man simply frowned before smirking and walking forward and allowing the curses to hit him. The Death Eaters started to panic as they cast more and more powerful spells which seemed to have no effect. "Old man?" and swung with his wand in a slashing motion at the throat of the one on the left as he drew the sword and stabbed the other in the heart. "Looks like this old man beat your arses" "You… might… win" croaked one as they drowned in their own blood, "But so do we…" and he pulled a switch out of his robe and pressed it – dying as he did so. The old man blinked as a flash filled the room and he saw a rapidly approaching fireball. He cast a summoning spell which gathered all the children to him, dead and alive, before channelling all of his magic into a shield spell that enclosed them all and took the blast. The rescue team couldn't get in for at least an hour, but when they did, they found all of the children in the shield, dead and alive, with the eldest of the group holding the sword that the old man had always carried into battle. At the sound of the Aurors, the other children gathered in a protective circle around his body whilst the girl holding the sword stepped forward and held it as best as she could. There was silence between the adults and the frightened, angry, hurt and confused as creaking noises echoed through the building and dust still fell from the ceiling. Bracing herself for an attack, she spoke the same words that had been spoken by a House Elf named Dobby two hundred years before "You will not harm Harry Potter"
The Right Thing… Harry walked along the corridor, putting thoughts through his mind about Snape's petty-mindedness when he heard a soft crying coming from a corridor that nobody seemed to use. He paused, wondering if it was a ghost and then decided to investigate and wound up finding a young girl sobbing and sporting some nasty bruises on her faces and arms – Harry's mood instantly darkened. "Hey" he said softly, bending down to see she was a first year Slytherin. "Who did this to you?" "Some older people… And the rest of my year as well! They beat me up because they said I was a Mudblood" the girl sniffed. "That and I said I didn't like boys" "Well it's a little bit early for you to think about having a boyfriend, isn't it…?" Harry frowned, setting himself down beside the girl who buried herself into his side. "I mean I like girls" she sobbed and held him. "People say its wrong, but it isn't is it…?" "You mean you are a…" "Lesbian, yeah" she whispered. "Oh" Harry wished Hermione was there as she would know what to say or do. "I don't know what it is like in the magical world, but its normal enough in the Muggle world. Look, if you are going to cry into my shoulder, can you tell me your name?" "Brenna… Brenna Roth" "Harry Potter" "Why are you being nice to me? Everybody knows Gryffindors hate my House" Brenna said. "That's silly, I have one or two friends in that place… Though I have to keep them secret. Now, as much as I hate him, have you reported this to Professor Snape?" and Brenna nodded. "I told him about the bullying, but he didn't seem to do anything" the girl shrugged. "Is there a spell to make me normal?" and Harry's heart broke into pieces. "No" he shook his head, "No there isn't a spell for that. Look, why don't I take you to see Madam Pomfrey and she can get you sorted out. While you are there, I can get Snape to come and talk to you" "Will…" Brenna hesitated, "Will you stay with me?" "We ought to go to the Hospital Wing" Harry started, but then he looked down into the sad eyes of the first year, "But I guess a few more minutes won't hurt" and he let Brenna gently cry into his shoulder until she had cried herself to sleep. Standing up, he levitated her into his arms and walked off towards the Hospital Wing, wondering what the school was coming to for hurting somebody because they liked their own gender. He knew he was straight, but Hermione was bisexual and he wondered how many people in the school hid their feelings to stay under the radar. # # # # # "We need to talk, Professor, and we need to do it right now" Harry said that evening. Snape was about to fire off some sneering comment when he saw the look of pure fury burning in the teen's eyes. "Follow me" he said simply and they entered the small chamber Harry had been sent to after his name had come out of the Goblet of Fire. "What is the problem?" he demanded. "I was walking around, trying to clear my head, when I found one of your first year kids crying her eyes out. I asked what was wrong and apparently they beat her up because of her beliefs" "Is that all…?" Snape sneered at him. "I have more important things than some first year crying over nothing important" "Snivelius, it's not just her beliefs about Muggleborns, but she happens to like girls more than boys" "Why should I care about freakish thoughts?" Snape sneered again. "She will soon settle down and believe in the pureblood way" and, after taking points off Harry, he pushed the boy aside and stalked out. After getting his temper under control, Harry went back to the Hospital Wing and found Brenna tucked up in the bed asleep. "How is she?" he asked Pomfrey. "I have healed her cuts and bruises, Mr Potter, but there isn't much I can do for her about her mental state. I can speak to some Mind Healers about making her like boys again…" "Sometimes I wish I had never heard of the magical world" Harry muttered. "Madam Pomfrey, what is the problem if girls like girls? Why is me liking girls such a difference?" "Because it just is" Pomfrey shrugged. "Hmm… Well I swore an oath to protect her and I really don't want her changed" "That is not for you to decide" Pomfrey told him, "But her parents. Now, unless you are injured, I suggest you leave" "Nope" Harry conjured a chair next to the bed Brenna was lying in and sat down with a determined look. "I have had just about enough of the prejudice of the magical world, perhaps it is time I took a stand" and Pomfrey glared at him before going to her office and calling McGonagall. # "I was told by Madam Pomfrey that you are refusing to leave" the Deputy Headmistress said as she walked into the Hospital Wing. "Yeah… Kind of rebelling here" Harry shrugged. "I found Brenna sobbing because she was bullied for her likes and choices. I tried to tell Snape about it, but he said she was a freak and took points off me" "Professor Snape, Mr Potter" McGonagall reminded him, "And he is quite correct in this case… Some witches feel attracted to other witches, but this is an illness of the mind and she can be dealt with" "Its perfectly normal in the Muggle world" "That's Muggles" and Harry was shocked at the racism coming from his Head of House. "Anyway, Miss Roth's parents have disowned her – I was going to tell her the news" "Disowned her?" Harry frowned. He got the impression it meant more in the magical world then it did in the Muggle one. "It means they have thrown her out of her family because of the shame she has brought them" "Professor, I knew you were strict… I just never realised how much a bigot you are as well" Harry shook his head as an idea came to his head. "Take this…" he pulled off his robe and tossed it at her, "Consider this my resignation from Gryffindor. Dobby!" and the elf appeared. He started to wax lyically about Harry, but the angry teen cut him off. "Dobby, this is Brenna. I want you to protect her from anybody doing her harm until I get back" "Yes, Sir!" Dobby turned to face the rest of the room and folded his little arms – there was no way he was going to fail his duty. "Mr Potter!" McGonagall objected, "Where are you going?" "To sort this out myself" he growled. He needed to find Hermione and ask if she knew a way out of this mess for both him and Brenna. As he walked along the corridors, he spotted a red headed girl in his year. "Susan…? Susan Bones?" "Hi, Harry… We don't get to talk much, do we?" "No… Um, look, I need your help – isn't your Aunt like the big cheese of police here?" "Huh?" "Well whatever it is you call the police here" "Aurors" "Yeah, them… Look, I need to speak to her right away. I know you have an enchanted bit of paper to send quick notes, can you let her know that Harry Potter needs to speak to her right away?" "Sure… Why though?" the Hufflepuff blinked at the firmness in his voice. "Because I am taking a stand for people's right to decide what they want and taking advantage of a loophole" "You are out of character, Harry" Susan smiled, "But I kind of like it" "Maybe, Susan, but I've decided to take a stand for what I believe is right" he looked at her carefully. "Will you help?" "To make a change…? Sure! By the way" she grinned, "I don't believe you put your name in" "Thanks… Look, send your message and tell your Aunt to see me in the Hospital Wing – I have to go see Hermione" "Okay" and Susan blinked and added "Where are your robes?" "I resigned from Gryffindor" and Susan was left stunned at the news. # # # # # "My niece said it was of great importance that you spoke to me" Amelia Bones said as she walked into the Hospital Wing at Hogwarts. "I have two questions for you before I have my say" Harry watched as Brenna slept peacefully – attended to by Pomfrey under the careful gaze of Dobby. Madam Bones found it somewhat amusing the elf had equipped himself with sword and shield. "First, Hermione says that because I have been made to take part in this load of crap, I have been made some sort of free teenager – that true?" "Emancipated Minor?" Madam Bones blinked in surprise for a moment before nodding. "Yes, it could be argued that is the case. The results of this are complicated, but you are essentially an adult in the eyes of the law" "Good" Harry looked at Brenna and braced himself. "How do you feel about witches who prefer witches?" "Well…" the question took the woman by surprise, "I'm not fond of them really, but I am not against them – I just haven't encountered any in this country. Why do you ask?" "Brenna is a lesbian, I found her crying and beaten up after she told her secret to some others in her house. I tried to tell Snape about what happened, but he called her a freak and Pomfrey here was pretty much the same way" Harry gestured at the Healer. "According to McGonagall, her family kicked her out and, as I understand it from Hermione, she'd become a ward of the Ministry and therefore have her mind altered" "True – that is the way things are" Madam Bones said. "I thought as much…" Harry grinned, "So how do you adopt a kid?" "You go before a hearing before the courts, state why you want to make the adoption and prove that you have enough money to support the child or children. If they are old enough, the child can also appear in the hearing and say why they want to be adopted by the applicant" "Then tell me where I file the paperwork" "You are a student" "Maybe, but I am also an emancipated teenager… Brenna was called a freak and people tried to change her mind and the way she acted because she brought supposed shame on them and to our world" Harry's magic started to sparkle as his anger started to rise. "Does Professor Dumbledore know?" asked Madam Bones. "No" shrugged Harry, "But he will in three… two… one… bingo!" and Dumbledore glided into the room. "Harry, my boy! Professor McGonagall just told me you resigned from Gryffindor because of a girl. I'm sorry, but the law is the law and she must be changed to prefer boys over girls" and his eyes twinkled. Harry, already beginning to get a headache the size of Belgium, had just reached his limit. "I have no care over what you think, Dumbledore! You have allowed the school to pick on me, allowed false stories to get around here, allowed an air of fear of not being believed by Snape if one of his Slytherins is the cause of trouble, you never looked into the Goblet that night and lets not talk about the physical assault by grabbing me and almost shaking me to bits!" he growled. "I tried to tell Snape, Pomfrey and McGonagall what had happened but none of them care about the injuries caused to a girl whose sole crime is to love girls instead of boys – even her family have thrown her out… Thankfully, Madam Bones here has helped me with a few questions, advised me on a matter and I am going to file for custody and adoption of little Miss Roth" "I am afraid I can not allow you to do that, Harry" Dumbledore put on his trademark Grandfather appearance. "Quite apart from the fact you would have to leave the school which I forbid, you are an underaged pupil" "Except, thanks to you neglecting your duties in protecting students from harm, I was emancipated when you agreed I was to compete" Harry calmed and smiled with an added smirk as a bonus. "Madam Bones, I believe that a child who has asked for my help might be accosted and forced to undergo something she doesn't want – can I ask for one of those Auror people Susan told me about to stand guard whilst Dobby has something else to do?" "Of course" "What does master Harry Potter Sir be wanting Dobby to do?" "I want you to go to my dorm room in Gryffindor and pack up my stuff and bring it here. After that, well… I'll have to stay somewhere which means either a couple of rooms here or I find somewhere at Hogsmede" "You can not do that, Harry" Dumbledore said. "You must stay on the grounds of the school" "Why?" "Because it is dangerous – whoever put your name in the Goblet might still be able to attack and hurt you" "I think you are clutching at straws, Albus" Madam Bones smiled in amusement. "Mr Potter here is emancipated and you can not tell him what to do apart from when it is related to school work. If I understand the charter of the school correctly, you are obliged to give Harry a small suite as he has resigned from Gryffindor" "I may be able to do that, but the girl must be cured of her pervasions and returned to Slytherin" Dumbledore started to raise his wand, but it was suddenly snapped by the click of Dobby's fingers. "Go's ahead, punksies… be making Dobby's day" and Harry wondered where on earth Dobby had been watching Muggle films. "Dumbledore, you have to put me somewhere else in this school – Brenna is going to stay with me" he said to the wandless Headmaster. "Harry, if you stay in private rooms with a younger gi-" "Don't even think of finishing that sentence…" Harry's magic crackled in the very air. "Now, Dobby has work to do, I will wait for the Auror to get here and then I am going to the Ministry and filing paperwork to look after Brenna" "Mr Potter, why are you wanting to look after her?" Madam Bones asked. "She was in trouble, I offered to help her and that is what I plan to do" Harry said simply. "I have had enough of being forced to do the bidding of others, now it is time to do what all teenagers do and rebel" # # # # # "… why we have to reject your application" a blonde haired witch said. "So you would rather waste time and money dumping her into the care system?" Harry looked astonished. "I know what it is like to have no parents" he went on, "And I swore to make sure that I would do something about Brenna's situation. I know the reason you gave seems right on paper, but I am better than I look – took out Voldemort three times now, saved a girl's life at the risk of my own and lived in an abusive household most of my life and came through fine" "What do you mean three times?" the witch frowned. "The day my parents died, end of First Year and the end of Second Year. Look, I don't have all the answers, but what I do have is the willingness to learn and to help those in trouble" Harry sighed. "Even if you don't sign the papers to let me adopt her, I will file for guardianship – either way, I win" "You care for her, don't you?" asked another member of the panel, "But you hardly know her" "I know, but she has gone through much of the same things that I have done already. I know what you are really concerned about, but she won't be sleeping with me – she'll have her own room. I have already forced this point with Professor Dumbledore due to the fact that I was chosen to become a member of the Tri-Wizard Cup" "I see" said the Chairman of the hearing. "Mr Potter, you must understand how difficult it is for us to grant custody to somebody who is a student themselves. I am afraid we must turn down your applications" "Well, in that case…" Harry shrugged and rose to his feet, "I'm going to get Brenna and we're leaving" "Ahem, ahem… That rather sounds like a threat" "You are not deaf?" "Brat!" "You misunderstand, Madam, I was just wondering how you could hear over the loudness of that cardigan" Harry shook his head and started walking towards the Floo point for the Ministry. "Mr Potter! A moment of your time?" Madam Bones came running up. "I heard you had been turned down in your application" "Yeah, so I am getting Brenna and we're leaving" "Actually" the witch put a hand on his shoulder to calm the teen down, "I have papers signed by Minister Fudge himself – seems he doesn't want his star turn leaving Hogwarts. He has also confirmed your emancipation too, so Gringotts will give you full access to your family's vaults meaning you have more than enough to look after Miss Roth" "Thank you" Harry read quickly through the scrolls, "Thank you a lot" and he made a note to give Hermione and Susan presents each for helping him in an emergency. Once he had signed his parts, he became the legal guardian of Brenna pending a decision nearer to Christmas over adopting her. There was also a decree from Fudge for Dumbledore ordering him to provide living quarters for the pair. "How can I pay you back for this?" he asked. "Just take care of her" and Harry simply nodded – grateful beyond words. # # # # # "Are you going to be alright, Harry?" Hermione asked as he read through a Potions text. "I'm going to be in the same building, Mione, but yes… I'll be alright. I'm surprised you are here, Ron" Harry added. "I don't get why girls just can't be with boys and be happy, but what I know is that I have been a bit of a git and that this is important for you" the red haired boy looked down at his feet, "So I'm with you" he added in a mumble. "You know, I think that is the most intelligent thing he has ever said in his life" Hermione raised an amused eyebrow in his direction. Harry merely smirked and was about to say something when the trio heard a high pitched scream and they rushed to the Hospital Wing to see Brenna being dragged out of her bed by two cloaked figures whilst a third stood back and watched. "Let her go!" Harry said, drawing his wand. "We are dealing with a brain disease" said the watching one, turning to face them. "We are going to cure her of her freakishness and give her to a nice Pureblood to have children with" "Not likely" Hermione said and, in conjunction with Ron, drew her wand the pair stunned the ones holding Brenna. Harry's own spell took out the third before he rushed over and gathered the girl into his arms. He held her as she sobbed into his shoulder and he whispered gentle reassurances and rubbed her back as Dumbledore, Pomfrey and McGonagall came in. "What is going on in here?" demanded McGonagall. "We were going with Harry to speak to Brenna when we heard her screaming. When we got here, these three were dragging her out of her bed and going to change her mind to better suit their aims" Hermione explained. "I see" Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Mr Weasley, would you release them please?" "I'm afraid I can't do that, Professor" Ron said. "I don't understand why girls like other girls for sex and stuff, but I do know that what Harry wants is important… If you want to release them, you will have to get through me" and the wizard faced Dumbledore with a glowing wand tip. "Might I remind you this is a place of rest and recuperation?" Pomfrey pointed out. "That being said, the girl must be made to think correctly" "And I forbid it" Harry pulled out the parchment and tossed it towards the three of them. "I am now her legal guardian and I forbid any supposed treatment that is not good for her or which she does not want. As soon as Healer Pomfrey here says she can leave, we're going there" "What…?" Brenna asked softly. "I've come back from a meeting at the Ministry about you, Brenna" Harry said as she stood with her in his arms, "And it seems that you have ended up with me as your guardian pending a full decision on your adoption before Christmas" and the young Slytherin tightened her grip on him and she burst into tears again. She knew that Harry was a kind person, despite what the rest of her House had said, but she had never thought of him going so far as to work towards adopting her. "Thank you" she whispered. "Not a problem" said Harry with a smile. "Now, this is Hermione and she's a friend of mine… This is Ron, he eats too much and is an idiot. Ron is going to help me take your things with me to the place we're going to be staying in while Hermione helps you get out of that stuff and dressed" "But why?" "Because you needed my help and I gave it" "But I'm a Slytherin" "Nobody's perfect" Harry shrugged. "And besides" he added with a mischievous whisper, "I can use you to get the password to the Slytherin dungeons in order to turn it all pink" "Cool" # # # # # Months passed and the pair settled down into living together in shared quarters. Some people grumbled about it when letters were sent home, but Harry simply showed them the papers signed by Fudge and they quickly shut up. Although Harry still kept up his resignation from Gryffindor, Hermione and Ron often stopped by to visit along with one or two First Years that Brenna was friends with in other Houses – most of them Muggleborns. Brenna also became one of the few people not to be pranked by Fred and George as, the only time it had happened, they had been visited by a very angry Harry who wanted to know why they had embarrassed her by making the girl kiss boys. Of course, the fact Harry had come smashing through their dorm room door with magic crackling and holding the sword of Godric Gryffindor himself might have helped things too… With Dobby's help, Harry made sure that Brenna was safe between classes because he'd had to defend her against one or two people that wanted to hurt her for simply being a lesbian. When it seemed that the staff either couldn't or wouldn't deal with the problems, he'd taken to filing official complaints with Susan's Aunt which made the physical stuff lessen, but there was nothing he could really do about verbal comments unless he heard them himself. Just before the Christmas hearing, Harry was informed that there would be a Yule Ball and he was expected to attend for the sake of the school and, more importantly, for the sake of Gryffindor. Harry had replied he had better things to do with his time then pander to the whims of a House that had forced him to resign from it because few believed his version of the truth. McGonagall had been forced to give him detention because House Point removal did not work, but she was forced to give in and tell Harry that he was not forced to be there. What she didn't know was that Harry intended to go and had sneakily ordered a dress in Brenna's size so that she could attend as his date to the event – ordering it from Lavender under strict terms of a secrecy oath so it was a surprise for the girl later on. However, both of them rose early, showered, dressed and ate a light breakfast before walking to the outside edge of the Hogwarts grounds. After vanishing and then appearing in the Ministry, Brenna slipped her hand into Harry's as they got into the line to sign in, have their wands checked and then headed to Child Services. "You know that they'll ask you stuff about why you like girls" Harry advised her, "So just ignore them and wait for a real question. If you get confused, just look at me and I will answer for you" and Brenna nodded. She was still wondering if this was all some great joke on his part because she couldn't believe Harry could be capable of so much love for someone he only met that year. "If they ask a little bit about it, I'll be alright" Brenna said and Harry smiled and nodded. "Just be confident in this" he told her. They passed the time with small talk about lessons and things before they were called into the room for the hearing. A small wooden table with two chairs was provided for them whilst two witches and a wizard sat on a small raised platform behind a reasonably sized bench. An older wizard sat to one side with a few books on a table with lots of blank parchment and a hovering quill that reminded Harry of Rita's made up story about him. "This hearing is convened to examine the reasons for the adoption of Brenna Roth by Harry James Potter" one of the two witches was serving as the Chair. "Let it be entered into the record that Mr Potter already has guardianship of Miss Roth. Now, Mr Potter, please tell me why you want to fully adopt her" "Because I love her" Harry shrugged as if it was the simplest thing in the world. "She was sad, abused and lonely in her thoughts and beliefs" he added. "She was thrown out of her family, almost all of her legacy removed… Nobody seemed to want to help – only to change her" "You do know that she is abnormally minded?" asked one of the panel. "The same could be said, I have been told, for most of the Ministry" Harry retorted, earning a chuckle from the Scribe. "Yes, I am fully aware that Brenna has a different mindset to relationships, but I really don't give a damn about it" and he spent the next twenty minutes answering questions. "Miss Roth, as you are old enough to understand the results of this panel" the Chair spoke softly, "Why would you agree for Mr Potter to adopt you?" "Because I love him" she replied quickly and firmly. "He's smart, funny, loving, caring and doesn't care I like other girls. I trust him to do what is the best for me as he has done for a bit now. I know I am going to get things wrong and be a trouble for him, but he's all I have left… If you turn him down in adopting me, I'll run away" and the panel all nodded. They questioned her and Harry for over an hour before asking them to leave the room whilst they discussed everything and made their decision. # "How is it going?" Hermione asked in the Ministry café. She had managed to get permission to come down and support her friend from Professor McGonagall who realised how much she had screwed up with dealing with problems Harry had faced over the years. "I think we have a chance" Harry said as Brenna demolished a plate of chips, "But with this lot who knows…?" he shrugged. "I wish I could have got away sooner, but McGonagall forgot the time of the hearing" "You are here – that's all that matters" Harry cradled a cup of tea. "I think we stated our case and all of the facts, but they seemed very interested in why Brenna prefers girls" "Not much you can do about that, is there?" Hermione asked sadly. "Not today" Harry muttered. "I spoke to Brenna while we waited to be called in and I've decided to try and get the best results possible for the rest of my time here" "Not that it isn't a good thing, but why decide for an all out effort?" "Because, if things get too bad for Brenna, I figured to pull her out of Hogwarts to teach her myself wherever we live" he finished the last of his tea. So long as I keep getting Outsanding and Exceeds Expectations in everything, I'll know what to do – besides, I have you to help me" "You think I will have time to teach Brenna on my path to a University degree?" Hermione's eyebrows rose interestingly. "Oh come you, you'd bloody love it" and the pair laughed. "Anyway" he added with a smile, "We can at least give her a Muggle based education too. I found some old Muggle textbooks in the library, so I have been spending an hour every night teaching Brenna basic History, Math, English and Science. Been using Hedwig to order in some KS1 and KS2 stuff from Gringotts" "They provide that?" "For a price" "What did they demand?" "Well they demanded a hundred galleons for the service, but in the end they ended up doing it for fifty" "How did you manage that?" Hermione asked. "We got into an argument and the Goblin said he had battled against a rogue dragon" "What did you say?" "I told him I got Snape to apologise to me" and they laughed. "You really are taking this seriously" Hermione marvelled at the change in her best male friend. "They had more chicken kiev" Brenna said as she came back from where she'd been served with another portion of chicken kiev and chips. Harry was beginning to wonder if there was something about the food item – he always seemed to eat it at some point. Putting it out of his mind for the time being, they finished eating and drinking just as an usher came and told them it was time to return to the hearing room for the decision. # "We are now in session" the Chair witch said. "We have spent some time looking at both sides of what is best for Miss Roth, heard from both parties and consulted experts before this hearing in order to get an understanding of everything… Miss Roth's parents put in an emergency petition to have her returned to their care and custody, but this was rejected on the grounds they were unfit parents towards her. From testimony given by the pair of you, your friends and some of your teachers at Hogwarts it is clear Miss Roth is doing better living with Mr Potter. We do note, for the record, that Miss Roth has an abnormal preference in terms of relationships, but this her guardian is not bothered about – I hope her adoptive parent is of the same mindset" "You mean…?" Brenna's face lit up with quick understanding and hope. "Despite the issues with her abnormal preferences, it is the decision of the Panel that the petition of Harry James Potter to adopt Brenna Roth be granted and permanent custody be so awarded" and both Harry and Brenna squealed in delight and started a two person conga dance around the hearing room. Hermione looked at the two, then at the panel, shrugged and joined in. # # # # # "You know" McGonagall said as Harry, Brenna and Hermione came blasting into the Great Hall driving a magically powered dodgem car demanding everybody hail the conquering heroes, "I do believe that Harry has been awarded adoption rights" "Damn" Dumbledore muttered – plans of having a willing pawn for what he suspected would happen at the end of the year going up in smoke before his very eyes. # # # # # "Thank you" Brenna whispered. "What for?" asked Harry as he adjusted the fit of his jacket. "For doing everything for me when you hardly knew me" Brenna sniffed. "Hey – Susan spent ages doing your make up… She'll kill you if you ruin it" "I will" replied the girl from the corner of the room where she was finishing Hermione's hair. Brenna wiped her eyes gently and then looked in the mirror for the final time – looking at a person she kept thinking wasn't her. She was dressed in a crushed green velvet dress which ended just above her ankles, wore a pair of charm enhanced ballerina slippers in silver and the dress's shoulder area trimmed with a silver tulle netting. Brenna had spent nearly an hour just looking at it in the box and trying to work out how much it cost Harry to buy it for her. They were going to the Yule Ball that evening as friends and Harry hoped that nobody would cause Brenna any difficulties from name calling… Although, if they did, he was wearing Gryffindor's sword on his hip – partly hidden under a black cape he wore over a Muggle style tuxedo. Dumbledore had originally tried to claim the sword belonged to the school, but Harry had simply walked away and came back twenty minutes with Snape agreeing that he should be given the sword for keeps. The pair had come to an agreement of sorts that was secret, and neither side was willing to talk much about. "Oh gods… We're going to be late" Hermione started to panic. Susan stopped this dead in its tracks by grabbing the Gryffindor witch by shoulders and kissing her hotly – to jeers, cheers and whistles from Harry and Brenna. The pair had, over a few weeks, become very close and were secretly dating. This had the added benefit of helping Brenna understand she was not alone in liking other girls and also gave her two people to talk to when there was a girl issue she couldn't discuss with Harry. Doing last checks, Harry called for Dobby to appear and take them to the hall where Harry and Brenna stepped into the side room with the other Champions and their dates. Nobody said much until the door opened and they were called forward. "You ready to go on?" asked Harry. "I'm nervous, but I know that I will be already because I have my big brother to protect me" Brenna replied with a squeeze of his hand. "And I have a little sister to look after and keep me sane" and, holding hands and walking into the bright light on the other side of the doorway, the pair walked into the future… A/N: Not my normal style, I admit, but this was something I had to get out of my system because it has been nagging me for some time – even as I have had all the world's problems dumped on me meaning I haven't been able to post updates. As you will have read, basic premise is Harry finds Brenna after she's been bullied just because she's different and he's snapped and decided to rebel.
Hagrid The Hero Hagrid frowned in deep thought at the boy in front of him. Dumbledore had told him that he had been raised with the knowledge of Magic but away from those that would harm him. The half-giant was a simple minded man, but he knew the signs of bullying and had to assume Dumbledore was wrong. Of course, this went against everything he thought about regarding Dumbledore, but there was nothing else he could think about. "Look, Harry, I need to go and speak to somebody about something" he said at last. "Oh, okay… I'll wait for you" Harry looked up at the Giant. "Actually, this person will want to speak to you" "Me?" "Oh certainly" # "Madam Bones? Mr Hagrid to see you" her office assistant said, putting her head through the door. Madam Bones looked up – Hagrid almost never came to the Ministry so she was curious as to why he had come directly to her… Perhaps Dumbledore had given him some information she had to see which needed to be hand delivered. "Show him in" she decided at last, waving her wand once to organise her desk. "Mr Hagrid, what can I do for you?" "You know you be calling me Hagrid… Everybody does" Hagrid shook his head and pushed Harry into a chair while he remained stood up. "I know I am a simple minded person, but you investigate any possible crimes, don't ya?" "Not me personally, but the DMLE does" Madam Bones frowned in confusion. It was clear that Hagrid was trying his best to do the right thing. "Whats the problem?" "I think Harry here has been abused by his relatives" Hagrid replied – earning a sharp look from the boy dressed in little more than rags. "What is your name?" Madam Bones asked the boy. "Harry… Hagrid just said it" "Your surname" "Oh – Potter" and Madam Bones's eyes widened in shock and surprise. "His Aunt and Uncle seemed dead set against him leaving them" "You didn't kill them, did you?" Madam Bones was always part concerned about strength when Hagrid was concerned. "No… Might have scared them witless, mind ya" Hagrid boomed out in laughter. "Okay, so tell me why you think Mr Potter is being abused" "I know I am a simple man, Madam Bones" Hagrid sobered up quick, "But when you spend as much as time as I have at Hogwarts, you learn to look at stuff. Harry here is too small for his age, he ain't dressed right and he can't have eaten in days" "Is this true?" "Um" "You will not get into trouble for telling me whats happened" "Well they sometimes beat me, they make me clean the entire house, they said rude things to me and they sometimes don't let me eat for days" Harry said, his gaze dropping to the floor. "I see… Hagrid, how are you involved?" "Well, ya see Madam Bones, its like this… Professor Dumbledore asked me to get young Harry here from his Aunt and Uncle to get his Hogwarts things. I thought it was a bit odd, you know with Harry supposed to know about the magical world, but I have me orders, you see" Hagrid paused for a moment. "Didn't really see why, to be honest with ya. Anyway, I figured that his relatives must have been hurting him somewhat wicked when he cringed the moment that fat whale of his Uncle started yelling. Hurting a kid is a crime, and I know ya the Chief Auror or something" Hagrid shrugged, "I thought he should see you" "Hagrid, you don't know how much you have done by bringing Harry here. I think I am going to need to have a few words with Albus Dumbledore and, most likely, place him under arrest. Will you stay with Mr Potter for a while?" "'course" "Thank you… You know, Hagrid, some might call you a hero" "Hero?" Hagrid said slowly as if tasting the word on the air, "'Hagrid the Hero'… Aye, I quite like that"
Harry Resigns Harry's body lay on the floor of the Great Hall – blood gushing out from the huge hole in his head. The entire room was silent as they tried to come to terms with the fact Harry Potter had quite clearly blown his own brains out. "You know" Dumbledore said to the Weasley Twins, "I think your prank of putting in Harry's name for the Tri-Wizard might have backfired…"
First Night Nerves Ginny looked at Harry with a huge blush. "What's up?" he asked. "Well... Um... I've never had sex with a guy before" "Thats okay" Harry replied, "Neither have I"
When All Is Lost… The wind howled with a horrific sound through the old castle as Harry picked his way through what was once the library. Three years on from the destruction of Hogwarts and the levelling of Hogsmeade, and nobody visited the place since Voldemort had attacked and killed almost everybody there in one swoop. A few had managed to escape either for the hills where they had been tracked down and killed or for other countries. The only people left in the country were Voldemort, his supporters and his prisoners all caged up in camps where they worked in fields and became playthings for the dark magic users. Very few people remained free, if freedom to occasionally starve counted as being free, and they were gathered at the ruins of Hogwarts. "Have you been able to find us a place to stay?" asked Hannah. "I had thought about the Chamber of Secrets, but it actually makes more sense to use the rooms under the castle where the Mirror was kept – each chamber can be sealed off if needs be and slow down any attacking forces" "That sounds like a good tactical plan… We could wire up the doorways with explosive charges which should slow them down if we're taken by surprise" a much older woman spoke. "Thank you, Your Majesty" Harry nodded. During Voldemort's reign of terror, he had killed most of the Royal Family – only the Queen and Prince William had been able to escape after Harry, Hannah, Susan and Luna had fought their way through the Death Eaters and got them out of Buckingham Palace. They had offered to try and get her out of the country to Canada to regroup with Muggle military forces there, but she had outright refused saying that if Voldemort wanted her nation, he would have to personally take her crown from her cold, dead fingers. She'd thrown herself into helping in whatever way she could and allowing her former military training to come from hidden depths. Although not magical, her skills with a gun had never diminished and she could take on many opponents without trouble. "What about our defences?" Susan asked. "If we put up wards around here, Voldemort will be sure to find out and know about it" Harry shook his head. "Saying that, though, we can place wards and stuff in the rooms and chambers down below – he'd never think of placing detection charms below ground. Once we get set up down there, we can search around for stuff to salvage and clean up" "Why not use magic to change something into what we need?" asked the Queen. "Because that would take a lot of energy that would show up on the detectors Voldemort has set up here. Cleaning and household charms are so weak they wouldn't register once we get down far enough" "How far down is it?" "I'd say about a hundred and fifty feet – so it makes for a good bunker" "You've really got to tell us that story, Harry" Hannah chuckled. "Maybe I will, one day. Your Highness, how is Luna?" Harry's attention turned to where Prince William was looking after Luna. "Still asleep, but her temperature seems to be cooling down a bit" the boy replied. "That's good" "Even if we get a place to live sorted out in this underground complex of yours, Mr Potter, on what are we going to live on?" "We have enough tinned food, Your Majesty, to last us a few days. The elves here used to can a lot of stuff Hagrid used to grow to save for later" Harry told the Queen. "I thought you had preservation charms" "We do, Ma'am" Hannah looked up from where she was massaging her sore legs, "But some magical plants and fruits need to be stored in non magical containers" "That makes sense… However, once that has run out, what do we live on?" "I'm thinking one or two of us could make a trip to Hogsmeade and see what food might still be edible under any preservation charms that might still be active – it is a risk, but one we will have to take" "Well hadn't we better get inside?" asked Prince William with a frown on his face. "We could, but we might be walking into dangerous magic" Susan said. "This place was the centre of magical learning in this country for over a thousand years – with the levels of stuff needed to destroy it, we could face a backlash even after things have seemingly settled. It only took this long because Harry was doing this himself and not with my help" "Why did he do this on his own?" asked the Queen. "Because Harry ordered me and Hannah to stay with you, the Prince and Luna and to defend you, Your Majesty, if we were found. Seems silly to say this, given our numbers, but my orders come from him" "I see" the Queen could tell there was more behind that, but she wisely decided to not press the matter at the current time. "Look… It's safe enough to try and get down there" Harry sighed, feeling an argument coming on, "So we better make our way to the shaft and try and get down" "I thought you said the beginning of the tunnel was on the third floor" Hannah remarked. "Yeah, but there was no magic involved – just a straight drop… It therefore has to have a shaft of some sort" Harry explained. "Right, Hannah, stay with Her Majesty, Prince William and Luna. Susan, you take rear guard… I'm going to go on ahead and make sure the path is clear stage by stage" "Are you sure?" "If Luna was awake, I'd take one of you two with me, but as it is…" Harry shrugged. "I'll be fine for now – just be ready to move when I say" and he moved off. "Miss Bones, a moment" the Queen spoke softly to Susan. "Your Majesty?" "About Mr Potter… You care for him deeply, do you not?" "Of course – he is one of the dew friends I have left" "Do not fool an old lady, Miss Bones… I know you love him" "He came to my house and saved me and Hannah from being being torn to shreds and raped… Why wouldn't I love my rescuer?" "You and Miss Abbott?" "I know it is against your laws, but we're happy" Susan stood up and nodded once to the Queen. "Ma'am" "She really needs to get snogged" "William!" # Two hours later, they rested in the chambers where the Mirror of Erised had once lay and took stock of their situation in more detail. After determining that the use of magic could not be detected so far down below the ruined Hogwarts, Harry, Hannah and Susan had used their remaining strength to transfigure items and create new rooms for themselves as well as make some furniture to last them until the three working magicals could look around the castle and see what could be salvaged. Luna was put in a room with monitoring charms placed on her – she'd not been the same since the fight at Witchhead several days previous and had gone into some form of coma. "So where do we stand on food?" asked the Queen. "We have about three weeks of supplies, but that is only if we ration it and we're not doing any good with that at all right now anyway" Hannah looked at her notes. "Its possible we'll find more stuff when we make a raid on Hogsmeade" "Is there any way down to where the Slytherin dorms where?" asked Susan, looking up from where she was mending a torn skirt. "I didn't look round that far, but there might be" Harry shrugged. "I was thinking that Snape kept a lot of his potion stuff near his House's dorms – if they are still there, we can use them to make nutritional supplements and things" "Could we take soil from above ground and use it to grow plants?" asked Prince William. "We could, but we'd need to be careful about it" Hannah shrugged. "We can speed things up a little by spells and charms, but only so much – growing is an exact science with most things" "Perhaps myself and William can handle the planting of seeds. No offence to yourselves or Miss Lovegood, but we're feeling a little left out of things" the Queen said. "Its not much" "Its something" "Fair enough. Now, for the next issue, we're running low on medical supplies both magical and otherwise. There is the remains of a hospital several miles away from here, but it is several days away by foot, so I'll unpack a broom and fly there and back at night" Harry said. "Hannah, while I am gone I want you to see if anything survives in the Black Lake and, if so, what is their status and situation" "They've never shown interest in the surface world before" Susan snorted. "Maybe not" Harry admitted, "But perhaps they might allow us passage through their domain" "I'm sorry" the Queen frowned, "Are you telling me you have mermaids under the water?" "Mermaids, mutated sea bass, Giant Squid… We have it all" "What about Nessie?" "Oh, we have the Loch Ness Monster, but it prefers to be called Sir Squidgy The Third" Susan told her. "Now you are having me on" "No, Ma'am… His close friends call him Derek" "I see… I think I will file that piece of information under the heading 'Very Very Odd'" "Lets get back on track… I'll fly to this hospital tonight and at night – its dark and there is no moon so that will help me stay undetected. One advantage, however, is the fact we will have the ability to use non magical devices because the magical energy field surrounding Hogwarts is almost completely gone" "What sort of devices?" asked the Queen. "Heaters, radio, cameras… Assuming it hasn't been ransacked, I might even be able to get a cooker from the hospital kitchen" "No more cauldron cooked meals…?" Hannah commented dreamily. "After all we've been through, we need a better way to cook and eat" Prince William said. "And would you do all the cooking?" the Queen asked her grandson. "I… I can do bacon" "I'll handle the cooking" said Hannah. "Harry, I was thinking that you could get a fridge or something too" "Yeah, but I will only have a few hours to get there, search for stuff and then get back" Harry replied with a sigh. "I think, Mr Potter, that the primary concerns should be medical supplies, consumables such as food and then a fridge" the Queen's voice held a tone of finality. "We need the medical supplies most of all if we are to treat Miss Lovegood to the best of our ability" "Your Majesty, I know all about that" Harry sighed, "But it would be like giving Prince William the repair manual for an aircraft – he could get the concept, but without actual training, the things would be bad. If Hermione had made it, Ma'am, she'd most likely be able to build a fully functional x-ray machine using two bits of toilet paper and a rubber duck. My point is, though, that we can only do so much for Luna by reading instructions and looking through medical texts" "And then she could wake up whilst you are away" "Yes" "Well we need the medical supplies… Lord Potter, would it matter if you went to the hospital tomorrow?" "I don't think so, why?" "You have that memory viewer – could you fly over the nearest city and see what the state of it is?" "I can do that and the hospital in one trip… What is so special about this place?" "I have no information about how my country and subjects are apart from those we may accidentally encounter. Harry…" the Queen paused before going on, "I don't even know if my country has survived" "Your Majesty, so long as you have myself, Hannah, Susan and Luna to be Queen over, your country exists" "Rather philosophical of you" "Something I read in a book" "Ah" # # # # # "Damn…" Harry muttered softly. He was flying over Inverness and could see the devastation that the Death Eaters and their supporters had caused. Every building was ransacked and damaged to various degrees and he wondered what was going to be left for him to grab. Deciding to go to the hospital, Harry changed his course and headed towards what the map said was the major hospital for the area. Shrinking and packing away his broom, he took out his wand and started searching the building for medical supplies that might still be useable in some fashion. To his surprise, he found an almost entirely full supply cupboard and grabbed everything that he could get his hands on before going around and hunting for equipment to help Luna. As he walked through the dark corridors festooned with hanging wires, he heard a noise close by and he withdrew his wand and aimed it down the corridor. "Show yourself" he demanded. "Okay" came the sound of an injured woman. There was a shuffling noise and out came a figure in a hooded cloak who looked at Harry and gasped. "Potter?" "Greengrass!" his grip on his wand became tighter and he started to mentally run through combat spells. "I wish I wasn't" the woman said sadly and removed the hood. "Astoria…?" Harry blinked in surprise, but he wasn't ready to drop his guard just yet. "The codephrase?" "Tora, Tora, Tora" "Gods… For a minute I thought you were a spy or something… What are you doing here? How did you survive the Battle of York?" Harry lowered his wand and rushed over to gather the witch in his arms and hold her as she sobbed. "I managed to crawl into a ditch and stay there for two days until everything was quiet" she explained through the tears. "Death Eaters went around the field blasting those still alive to pieces, but they ignored me because I was on my front in the water filled ditch so they just left me alone. After that, I had to search the bodies for any survivors, found none, so took what I could from them to survive. I spent days and days walking here at night because I figured that Voldemort and his Death Eaters would be more likely to search during the day time" and Astoria pulled away and looked up at Harry with eyes that should not have belonged to someone her age. "Harry, I came here to die at Hogwarts with almost everyone else" "I need to get you back to the others" "Others?" "Yeah" Harry hugged for a moment once again, "I've got Susan and Hannah in an underground chamber at Hogwarts. Oh, and I managed to get the Queen and Prince William out too" "Muggles?" "Well of course, but I couldn't leave my Queen alone" "You do what she says?" "Of course, I follow her orders" "Which are?" "Engage the enemy and prepare for a counter attack… Look, I better get you back to Hogwarts before daylight. Is there anybody else here?" "Yes" Astoria looked back into the ruined room she had been in. "Its okay, its him" and a smaller figure emerged – covered in a thin cloak and nursing a broken arm treated with scavenged supplies. "Bonjour Harry Potter, c'est un plaisir de vous revoir" "Gabby?" Harry rushed over and held her gingerly. "How did you two meet? I thought you were dead" "I was dead… Then I got better" Gabrielle replied. "Right… I'll file that one under something to be talked about tomorrow" Harry shrugged. "Now then, how do I get you two back to Hogwarts?" "There is a car down in the garage" Astoria said. "We could take that to get as close to Hogwarts as possible before the charms around it go bad" "Story… They've gone… That entire area around Hogwarts is almost devoid of magic" Harry said sadly. "There is some magic down below the ground if you go deep enough, but who knows" he added with a shrug. "Do you know if there are any clothing shops nearby?" "A couple" Astoria blinked, "But why?" "Need new clothes" # "Your Majesty?" Harry called over to where the Queen was discussing something with Hannah. It was several days after the discovery of Astoria and Gabrielle and the pair had quickly fitted in to the group and they were able to help out in a number of ways. Astoria, for example, had been training to become a Combat Medic and she was able to scan the still unconscious Luna and devise a sort of medical treatment for her. "Mr Potter…?" the Queen came over to where Harry had placed a cover over a raised area of the Mirror Room. "Ma'am, when me and Susan were scouting for any possible things from the castle ruins, we discovered the old Headteacher's throne in one piece. The pair of us have cleaned it as best as we can, added more padding and, well…" he pulled the cover off to show the slightly beaten up throne sitting on the pedestal of rock on top of some patched up carpeting. "What is this?" the Queen could feel tears about to burst from her eyes. "You are the Queen, that is your throne – we await your command, Majesty" Harry added with a bow. "I know it is not much, but until we can restore you to your rightful one, this will have to do" and the Queen smiled before taking a seat. "Thank you… It has come to my attention that there has been a fall of the magical government and there is no legitimate ruler. Therefore, I decree the Ministry of Magic to be dissolved until further notice. Mr Potter, I would like you and your friends to find a way to restore this country to how it used to be before – do whatever it takes" and then she seemed to hesitate. "Mr Potter, Harry… I have seen you do that message ghost of yours – could it send a message to non magicals?" "Yeah, all I need is a location and addressee" Harry replied with a frown. "Can it be sent to somebody underwater?" "I'm not sure… Maybe" "Good enough…" the Queen whispered something quietly and Harry's eyes widened. "Your Majesty… Are you sure? I know about these things, more so than anyone apart from Susan – just one could…" "I know what they can do, Mr Potter. I was around the first two times they were used after all. I do not want to do this, but if I am to win this war, I have no choice but to do so" "Very well" and Harry cast a Patronus as strongly as he could. "Listen" he told the ghostly figure of a stag, "This message is for the following person" and Harry gave it very detailed instructions, a long message and then sent it on its way. "Is there anything else I can do for you, Ma'am?" "Pray, Mr Potter, pray that the message gets through" # "Captain?" the officer was startled by the sudden appearance of his Commanding Officer. "Pilot, plot me a course directly from our position here to this location" he handed the officer a set of numbers and turned to the rest of the gathered people. "Helm, prepare for a new course change. Engine Room, push the reactor to maximum possible pressure. Weapons, prepare all missiles for launch within ten seconds of me giving the order" "Sir?" the Pilot looked up from his maps, "Whats happened?" "We've been given new orders from Her Majesty to prepare to fire on the UK" "What? What about the Government? Norwood? Admiralty?" "They no longer exist" "Sir, Chief Engineer reports he can push the reactors to one hundred and fifteen percent" "Very well… Get me one hundred and twenty" and as the crew rushed to follow their orders, HMS Vengeance turned and raced to defend her Queen and Country…
Of Coups and Pranks Somewhere, and Harry couldn't remember the details, he had managed to find clean clothes and wore for the first time his Gryffindor robes over them. There was a lot of activity at the school as people tried to take stock of the fighting that ended at Hogwarts. A lot of bodies still remained to be recovered and reclaimed, debris littered the grounds, courtyard and inside the castle, blood was caked everywhere… "Harry!" Harry turned to see Luna Lovegood skipping towards him with a vague resemblance of her normal dreamy smile. "There was a rumour that you had vanished with the Dark Creatures" "Nah, just Ginny" Harry smiled. "What can I do for you, my little Moonbeam?" he asked. "I was thinking about Mr Hagrid" she replied with a blush – only two people got to call her that and the other person was in hospital. "Remember at Shell Cottage how you told us about Mr Hagrid being expelled for something he never did? Well I thought that maybe Mr Shaklebolt could overturn his expulsion or something" and then she frowned. "I wonder why Professor Dumbledore never overturned it after he became Headmaster – he knew what happened really" "That… That is a good point" he admitted to the Ravenclaw. After his Second Year at the school, he wondered why Dumbledore had not announced that Hagrid was innocent of the crimes for which he had been charged. Dark thoughts began to speed through his mind at the thought of the former Headmaster being a manipulative old man. "You don't trust him… Mr Shaklebolt I mean" "What do you mean?" Harry blinked at the question. "He's a good man, there is no doubt about that" Luna explained simply, "But he still did nothing to help you with your relatives even though he knew what they were doing to you" "He had orders from Dumbledore" Harry said defensively, but he found he could no longer defend the Order in quite the same way as he once would. Whilst the adults had been talking about what to do, it was left to the children of their world to fight the fight and do what had to be done. Talking with Luna and the others at Shell Cottage, telling her and Dean the truth for the first time, he had unburdened his non Hogwarts life and Dean had gone as pale as possible whilst Luna wanted to be sick. "Did his orders supersede his oath as an Auror?" Luna asked bluntly. "If Professor Dumbledore had Aurors watching what was happening at your Aunt and Uncle's home, they had to have seen and heard everything. If they are capable of ignoring a child in pain, what are they capable of?" and Harry was quiet for several minutes as he processed everything the blonde haired girl had said. "So what should I do?" "Well you would go and just ask Mr Shaklebolt for the truth. Me, on the other hand, I would just round up my friends and detain him and the surviving Order membership" Luna shrugged, dropping the dreamy look she normally had. "Harry, even if things are sorted out for the time being, how long do you think it will be until the Purebloods try again? If there is to be a new future for us all, it has to be you that leads us to it" "When did you ever get so serious?" "Malfoy Manor" "Luna…? Did Draco ever…" he found he couldn't finish the words. "Just the once, but he never broke my spirit" and that pushed any doubts to the back of his mind. "Luna, find as many members of the DA as you can in the next half an hour and bring them to the unused Charms room on the fifth floor" Harry said. "I'll go and get Hermione and the Weasleys" # # # # # "You want us to what…?" Hermione was sure she had not heard Harry correctly. "We move out and arrest the Order and any surviving members of the Fudge and Scrimgeour Ministries. They knew what was coming, were warned many times about it and they did nothing… In anybody's gaze, that is treason" and there was a murmuring of agreement. "But what about mum and dad?" asked Ron, gripping Hermione's hand in confusion. "People like them, McGonagall, Flitwick and others we know did their best we leave alone and ask them to help us" Harry shrugged. "I have no doubt that things will be okay for us in the short term, but as Luna argued to me…" he sighed, "When will the dark families and evil Purebloods take over again? If we do this now, we can get everybody in one swoop and make this as painless and bloodless as possible – I'm not going into another civil war" Harry looked around the room. "Who is with me?" "My Aunt always said to do the right thing, even if it was not the legal thing" Susan Bones stood from where she had been leaning against a wall with her best friend Hannah Abbott. "If we do this, lets do this… Harry, I'm with you. What are our orders?" "We stun all our targets here and put them under guard in the dungeons" he replied. "When that is done, we have the House Elves take us to the Ministry and secure it as quickly as possible" "What about the Department of Mysteries? Its said to be impossible to break in" somebody asked. "Been there, did that, got the t-shirt" Harry smirked. "Seriously, though, I think our best bet is to simply punch the front door in and take them out" "They know all sorts of spells" Hermione frowned, "Do you really think they will fall to us?" "Nope" Harry replied with a cheerfulness, "But we're going to do it anyway. Then, after we're finished, we're going to play the biggest prank ever by installing Hagrid as Minister" "Hermione?" George looked over at the younger witch. "Yeah?" "Is there any chance you can check Harry for possession?" "Sure… Why?" "Because putting Hagrid in as Minister is a prank that only Fred could think of" # The taking of the Ministry was quick and almost bloodless – a few unmarked Death Eaters and their supporters had tried to make a stand in the offices of the DMLE and Susan had taken delight in eliminating her targets to a final end. Everything in the Ministry was shut down apart from the DMLE, Magical Transportation and the Department of Records as everybody else had been arrested, sent to St Mungos or otherwise sent home. In the coming months, trials were set up for War Crimes perpetrated by those taken prisoner at the end of the civil war and those taken in the storming of the Ministry and other key places. It was agreed that being sent to Azkaban was of no use, so Mind Healers worked with the DMLE and the Unspeakables to gleam every piece of useful knowledge before the most dangerous people were pushed through the Veil of Death. Those convicted of less serious crimes were sent to Azkaban which had been refurbished with ideas given by the Halfbloods and Muggleborns to make it more into a Muggle style prison. It certainly would not be called a palace, but thought was given to the humane treatment and rehabilitation of others. To the surprise of many, Hagrid actually made a good Minister and ended up taking the job for ten years. Of course, his first love was Hogwarts and most of his spare time from the Ministry was spent back at the school with him taking care of things as he always had. As for Harry, he divorced Ginny after finding her in bed with Draco Malfoy and Tom from the Leaky Cauldron. He ended up marrying Lavender Brown who, it was good to say, had not been turned into a werewolf or vampire as was feared. After they married, Harry called together his former team mates from his Quidditch playing years at Hogwarts and formed Still Standing United which went on to win championship after championship. Hermione, after saving Prince William from a rogue Death eater disguised as an American actress married the Prince and were happy together. Ron, however, died a jealous little twerp… A/N: Well, here I am… I know that some of you will have been wondering what has happened to me over the last few months, so strap in for a long journey. Starting in January this year, I ended up caring for my Grandmother on an almost daily basis. In March this year she sadly died and, three days after the service, I suffered a complete and total breakdown and had a minor stroke caused by it. Since then, I have been struggling over these months to regain the ability to put "pen to paper" so to speak which I have only just been able to do. I will take it easy for a little while but I will make more of an effort to get fanfics done starting with Friendship and Honour as well as the occasional oneshot and a new Harry Potter/Battlestar Galactica crossover which I was advised to do as a form of therapy. I've arisen from the grave, I'm here and I mean to stay… Pixel and Stephanie Forever
First Day… "Sorry, Sir" the witch said as she stared in horror at knocking down the much older wizard. "No harm done" the man shrugged as he carefully got to his feet. "Do you often bump into Aurors on your way to work? Report – name and rank" "Susan Smith… Sorry, Sir – first day after graduation" the witch stammered. As the man looked her up and down, she noticed that his Auror uniform was different than that of her own and every other Auror she knew of. Whilst the robes were the standard red like everybody else, they had a gold trim and sported a multi-coloured edge to the pockets which her own lacked. In addition, they also had a thick white trim to the cuffs which seemed almost out of place. "Ah, I take it you are ready to be paired up with an experienced Auror for your six months post-graduation… Well, Auror, lets us ride to Camelot!" and the man took her by the hand and led her away. As they walked, Susan could feel that she would be safe no matter what happened to her so long as this man was around. They walked into the Auror Department and saw how busy it was with the others either going out on patrol or otherwise waiting for pairing up. "Is it always this busy?" Susan asked. "It is when we get fresh meat" the wizard chuckled and looked around to find a flustered man with a clipboard. "Oi, Richardson… I found your missing nugget" "Late on your first day…? That is not going to look good on your record" the man said, sizing her up as if working out how she got into the Auror Corp. "How can we trust you if you do this before you even really start?" "Richardson, shut up if you know what is good for you – I'm taking her" "Sir?" Richardson blinked. "Are you deaf? Do you need to visit the Duty Healer?" "No, Sir… It is just that…" "What?" "I thought you might be past doing this" "I'm not retired, you fool, and I'll do as I damn well please whilst I still can" "Even with a Mudblo…" and Richardson suddenly was silenced by the wizard point to point apparating and pressing his wand under his chin and allowing magic to roll off him. "Finish that sentence and you will not live to see the end of this day – get out of here… You're fired" "You can't do this!" "Oh yes I can…" the wizard looked over to the nearest Aurors. "Get this bastard out of my sight and kick him out the Ministry" "Sir!" "As for you…" the wizard turned to look directly at Susan. "Sir?" "I apologise for his poor behaviour – I will not tolerate it in my department and he was on a final warning anyway. Introduce yourself to your new co-workers and see me in my office in a few minutes… Oh, and bring some tea – we're going to have a nice little chat" and he walked off towards the offices at the far end. "Well, I never thought he'd take on a new recruit to mentor" a wizard a few years older than Susan chuckled from the desk nearest to her. "Why does he have a different style uniform compared to other Aurors?" Susan's burning question was asked. "He's a survivor of the Battle of Hogwarts – the last survivor in the Auror Corp. He and two of his friends went on the run when Voldemort took over, were hounded from one end of the country to the other, rescued hostages, broke into Gringotts and then tricked Voldemort and his Death Eaters into coming to Hogwarts for a final showdown. Voldemort assumed that he'd face him, his friends, a few of the older pupils and the staff. Instead, he called for everybody that owed him a favour from Slytherin to Hufflepuff, from low life to Wizengamot member – that man, still a boy, assembled an army the likes of which had never been seen before or since and defeated the dark forces once and for all. The gold trim is actual gold hand stitched by the Goblins after they realised what he had done for them and as for the coloured threads… Well, the main colours represent the four great Houses of Hogwarts while the white symbolises the courage, determination and sacrifices he had to make in his life" the wizard took a moment to catch their breath. "People say they lost a lot, but the boss…? The boss lost it all – his parents, his grandparents, family, friends, loved ones… And then, about ten years after, he found out his wife had been cheating on him with at least one of his supposed children. He demanded a test be done and it turned out none of the three were his – broke his heart and he divorced her and threw himself into his work protecting the country and ended up married to three different women" "Isn't that…" Susan paused before her jaw dropped comically and she turned to look at the door the older wizard had gone through. "Yep…" the man chuckled, "Your new boss and mentor is Harry Potter"
Naming Convention… "Dad, why do I have such a funny name?" asked the preteen – not expecting an answer. "Sit down, son…" Harry said. "You are named after one of my very best friends from the 2nd Voldemort War. He used to drive me quite mad at times, got me into trouble with the Ministry once, helped me in the Tri-Wizard, gave us warning of a sneak attack and saved my life and that of your Aunts and Uncles a couple of times as well – the last time, he died in order to protect me" "Was he a hero?" asked the boy. "Hero? He would have said he was merely doing his duty as one of my followers, but yes… He was a hero and one of the greatest people I have ever had the pleasure to know" "Is he the one you go and visit every year?" "Yes" "Can I go with you next time?" "I don't see why not" Harry thought about it and sighed in agreement. "Thanks, Dad!" "You're welcome, Dobby"
Ron's Downfall "Parked all right, then? I did. Hermione didn't believe I could pass a Muggle driving test, did you? She thought I'd have to Confund the examiner" Ron had said to him and then followed it up with his admission. "As a matter of fact, I did Confund him. I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let's face it I can use a Supersensory Charm for that" and Harry sighed. The old friends watched as the train pulled out of the station and vanished from sight before he gave a twitch of his hand and his wand dropped into his grip. "Hermione, Ginny? Step away from Ron please" he said sadly. "Harry?" Hermione blinked as Ron's mouth dropped open and Ginny looked stunned. "Ronald Weasley, I am arresting you on suspicion of Misuse of Magic Upon A Muggle. You do not have to say anything. But it may harm your defense if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence" Harry's wand came up to point at his oldest male friend. "I waited until your children had left so they wouldn't have to witness this, Ron, but please surrender your wand" "I don't have it" Ron managed to blurt out. "What has he done?" Hermione's eyes narrowed at her husband. "He admitted to an Auror that he misused magic on that driving instructor, Ma'am" Harry hated to be so formal to Hermione, but knew that to be otherwise could lead him to letting Ron go free – something he knew he could not do. "You know the rules, Ron, but I'm going to have to take you in with cuffs on. At best, you'll receive a fine and it won't even get into the paper" "Harry, can't you let him go?" Ginny asked. "He made a stupid mistake and he'll pay for it when he gets home from Hermione I am sure" "No" Harry said simply. "Mr Weasley was an Auror and knows what the law is regarding the use of magic on Muggles. Place your hands out, please, Ronald" and the redhead shakily did so and Harry non verbally applied the magic suppressing cuffs before portkeying the pair of them to the DMLE at the Ministry. # "Harry, I thought you had given up dealing with the tough stuff" Shacklebolt sighed. "Yeah, but I couldn't let this one go. We've already done an investigation and…" Harry sighed. "It looks as if Ron has been using magic on Muggles for years – the driving instructor was just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. It isn't as if its anything major, but its just minor things that all add up" "Such as?" "Using a little mind magic to get seats at places to eat, passing off counterfeit bank notes, using magic to gain certain rights…" Harry shrugged. "Ron used to be an Auror, he's still a reservist, so he knows what the laws are for this and what the penalties are" "Why did he do it?" Kingsley just sat back and sighed. "All to impress Hermione, it seems. According to him, everything he did was to prove how good a husband he could be" "And in doing so broke the law. I presume that you have evidence?" "Tons of it. He's demanding to speak to a solicitor to work out a plea deal and I have Madam Granger sat in my office with my assistant watching her sobbing like crazy" "He should stand trial for the forgery charges alone" the Minister looked again at the paperwork Harry had given him. "Even working out a plea deal in that regard, he's facing an automatic six months for the crimes against the Muggles" "I was kind of hoping you would have another idea" Harry shrugged. "I don't want to take away the father of children if I can help it" and Kingsley was silent for a long time before he replied. "When he gets somebody to speak to him, offer them a suspended six months in Azkaban for the lessor crimes combined and a week in prison for the more serious of them" "Fine?" "Twenty Galleons… And we'll classify the records and seal them in order to spare Hermione's reputation given she's about to take over" "Not the way you wanted to end your time as Minister?" Harry chuckled. "Not really…" # "… generous terms" Ron's solicitor said as Harry explained the deal to him. "Not so generous to him, but more to his wife… She is one of my most dearest friends and has worked hard to win positions in the Ministry and to end up being the next Minister. This will serve to punish your client and keep Hermione's reputation intact" "I screwed up… Shouldn't be sent to prison" Ron said. "If I had had my way, Ronald Weasley, you would be facing the maximum sentence on all charges. As it is, I am thinking of your wife and of your children" Harry shook his head. "Sir, I would advise that your client takes the options otherwise I shall press for the maximum penalties" "I shall advise him" the much older wizard replied. "Might I have a few moments with my client?" he asked. Harry nodded and stepped outside to wait until he was called in. as he did so, he wondered why his friend had been so stupid as to use magic on Muggles… Hadn't that been amongst the things they had battled against? The thoughts were still going through his mind when the door opened and the solicitor looked out and said that Ron would take the offer but wanted to speak to Hermione first. # "You wanted to see me" Hermione was pale as she regarded her husband. "Yeah… I'm supposed to give you this" he handed her a piece of parchment that was folded in half. Unfolding it, she looked at a short note and read it several times before her jaw dropped and she gasped. "Why?" the woman managed to stutter. "Because I screwed up and I don't want to get in your way" "Doesn't mean you can divorce me, you damned fool!" Hermione thundered, losing her temper. "I took my vows very seriously when we got married – I still do" "So you can have a start with Harry" Ron shrugged. "After all, Mione, you wanted to be with him until you went on the potions" "What potions?" "Oh shit…" the youngest Weasley male paled before Hermione drew her fist back and punched him square in the jaw. The solicitor blinked for several seconds and then rushed to the door to get help to stop Hermione from killing Ron… # # # # # Hermione was taken to St Mungos for a check up on her health and it was discovered she'd been on controlling potions for just over twenty years. The deal offered to Ron was withdrawn and charges were drawn up for the acts he had done as well as the new ones, Hermione was put through a short stay in hospital and papers filed for a divorce based on the abuse she had suffered over two decades. Although it wasn't the normal thing, Harry handled the entire case almost by himself as, though the rules said he was too close to both parties, nobody wanted to set off the guy that defeated Voldemort. He was clinical in his teardown of the man providing detailed evidence in the form of a signed confession, medical evidence along with empty vials of potions that he had made using an old school textbook. "Does the jury have a sentence?" asked the Judge. "It does" replied the Forewitch. "We, the Jury, find Ronald Weasley guilty of all charges and sentence him to a period in Azkaban prison for thirty years with a minimum sentence of at least twenty years. In the matter of compensation, we find that all of Mr Weasley's property and assets be sold off or otherwise transferred to Miss Granger to pay for what was done to her". As the closing comments were made and Ron was taken away to start his term in prison, Hermione felt the small scar that she still carried from her days on the run with him and Harry. 19 years, And she was free… A/N: Not what you were expecting, I know, but the next three main fic updates all involved terror attacks and after what happened in London recently, I've pushed them back – so expect a few one shot updates
