Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 1 - Mrs Norris by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 1 - Mrs Norris . Note: Just a stupid idea that came out of reading a fiction featuring a typo on the word 'Petrified'. . Harry had left Lockhart's room and decided to walk off the stiffness of sitting for four hours writing replies to the popinjay's fan mail. He had bumped into Professor McGonagall as he climbed the astronomy tower and Professor Sinistra had seen him sitting in one of the windows watching the last, fading light of the sunset. The clock chimed eight and he decided to head back to the common room, meeting Hermione at the foot of the stairs. "Are you alright Harry?" He nodded. "Yes, the ponce had me writing replies to his fan letters. I had to get rid of the ache of sitting for so long, and to get the stench of his damned after-shave out of my nose." She giggled at his comment, knowing precisely what he meant. She appreciated, having seen the idiot in action, that he was just a self-publicist with an ego the size of an oliphaunt. They continued to walk in silence. A comfortable, companionable silence. As they passed Dumbledore's old classroom he heard a pitiful wailing. Harry's heart lurched as he realised that someone's pet was in distress. Rounding the corner they saw a terrible sight. There sat Mrs Norris, yowling and trying to remove the pink and lilac bows, her fur curled and fluffed. The cat's claw's were painted a vibrant red and her whiskers were curled and corkscrewed. Around her neck was a pastel pink collar encrusted with dazzling, iridescent, magical diamante. The creature bore toe-rings, anklets and bracelets and, for some inexplicable reason, a number of diamante ear-rings. No matter what he thought of Mr Filch or his cat, he couldn't bear to see a creature so unnaturally used. He snatched up the poor creature and began to soothe it, telling Hermione to go and find a teacher and Mr Filch. "What have you done to my cat, Potter? I'll kill you …" Harry was sat with the now calm if exhausted pet on his lap. "I … I … didn't …" "Calm yourself Argus …" Hermione had returned with Dumbledore just in time to see Harry being verbally assaulted. "Mr Potter?" "She's calmed down a bit now, Professor. She's not happy, but she's a bit less upset than when we found her." He stood and handed the red-eyed cat to her master. "It's alright Argus … she's not been harmed, she's just been prettified."
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 2 - The Troll by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 2 - The Troll . "Troll! Troll in the dungeon …" . The doors swung open again and in shambled a twelve-foot tall, dark brown creature wearing a rancid loincloth and carrying the trunk of a small tree as a club. . Suddenly, before anyone could react, the lights went out, and from somewhere, a single, intense beam of light illuminated the troll. . Then, without further warning, the troll went down on one knee, spread his arms and in deep, rich bass tones gave voice … . "Mammy … How I love you, how I love you, my dear ol' Mammy …"
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 3 - The ReSorting Ceremony by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 3 - The ReSorting Ceremony . Harry Potter walked to the front of the Great Hall. He was almost becoming bored with having to re-do his life. This must be the fifteenth? Sixteenth time he'd been shunted back to before he came to Hogwarts. . His magic had travelled back with him each time and just continued to grow. This time around, he had been sent back to the age of three and had caused a few problems playing pranks using wandless magic. He didn't really care anymore, his magical core was now so powerful that he could (and had) apparated through the wards surrounding the most secure locations in the world. . Since he had been told the secret of many locations under the fidelius charm, he could remember where even places such as Grimmauld Place and Malfoy Manor were located. . Out of self-defence, Harry had learned the most rigorous of all forms of occlumancy, and had a mind as impenetrable as a neutron star. Now, however, he was supposed to either take his shields off-line or otherwise allow the hat into his mind. This worried him since he had maintained his shields in a ready state for nearly eighty years until his last death. He realised that he had forgotten how. . He sat on the stool and the hat was dropped over his head. "Hmmm … interesting … it's not often I find a student with occlumancy. Hmmm … let's see then …" Harry felt the intrusion past his outer layer of defences before he could say anything to stop the hat. He felt the reflexive response, a mental attack that would shred most minds without further warning. The sorting hat, a highly magical artefact unique in the world, a thousand years of tradition and insight into every alumnus of the school living and dead, simply exploded in a fireball of magic and millinery. Harry's last thought as he died was, "oh shiiiii …" . . Harry Potter woke up aching and weak, staring up at the underside of the stairs in number four Privet Drive …
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 4 - Childish Powers by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 4 - Childish Powers . "So, Harry, what did you do as a kid to keep the bogeyman away?" Harry potter, the Boy-With-No-Childhood looked blankly at his dorm-mate, Dean Thomas. "Pardon?" "You know, to keep the monsters away when ypou went to sleep?" "Umm, the monsters usually left me alone after they went to bed." . An hour or two later, the theory of childish defences against imaginary monsters under the bed had been explained to Harry, whose thoughts were rattling along at a mile per second. . It was a rather beaten and extremely angry Harry Potter who pursued Bellatrix Lestrange through the Ministry of Magic, finally cursing her and receiving a lesson on the Crucuatus curse from Lord Voldemort himself. Harry whipped around like lightening, pulling a plastic water-pistol from inside his robes and pointing it at Lord Voldemort. "Tom, you're nothing but a child's worst nightmare …" . So saying, Harry squeezed the trigger multiple times, soaking his arch nemesis who started screaming and dissolving just as the Minister of Magic arrived and gasped "He's back…" A minute later, a smoking pile of ragged robes and noisome slime was all that was left of The Dark Lord. . "What is that device, Potter?" "This, Minister? Oh just some muggle technology. A water pistol filled with the most deadly of all substances – lemonade without the fizz." So saying, Harry pointed the pistol into his open mouth and squeezed off a stream of the sweet-tart liquid before anyone could stop him. . "Hmm, Dean was right, flat lemonade doesn't taste so good. Maybe that's why it worked on ol' Voldie …"
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 5 - Justin Finch-Fletchley by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 5 - Justin Finch-Fletchley . Harry, Ron and Hermione were heading back to the common room when they heard a quiet moaning. Rounding the corner, half expecting to see a couple of fifth years making out, they saw a traumatised Justin Finch-Fletchley sat, hugging his knees and rocking back and forth. . Ron ran off to fetch help while Harry and Hermione sat with the moaning boy. Instead of his school robes, he was now clad in powder blue, satin britches with satin bows at the knees and gaudy silver buckles. His socks were horizontal stripes of royal blue and cream. The sensible shoes he normally wore had been replaced by black, patent-leather Mary-Janes with a two-inch heel and gaudy, diamante buckles. His school shirt had been replaced by a pale cream, silk blouse-shirt with puffed sleeves and obscenely ostentatious cufflinks encrusted with diamantes. The open frock-coat was the worst of all. An eye-watering scarlet and gold brocade was enlivened by a contrasting, iridescent purple embroidery that clashed rather than complemented the brocade design. The gold buttons were of a pantomime-military style, nearly two inches in diameter and encrusted with glittery rhinestones, and yards of lace adorned the cuffs. . Justin's black hair had been lightened and styled in a bouffant updo reminiscent of the powdered wigs fashionable in seventeenth century Paris, including the ivory silk ribbons. His face was decorated with over-coloured make-up. His lips were painted to resemble a blood-red cupid's bow, his skin taken down to a flat white with over-red blush cheeks. Eye makeup and a stuck-on beauty spot in the shape of a crescent moon completed the poor boy's face. . Just as Professor McGonagall arrived, Justin looked at Harry and in a squeak implored the boy, "Harry … Help me …" . McGonagall shook her head. "It's just as we feared, another one has been prettified."
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 6 - The Trigger by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 6 - The Trigger . He felt the tell-tale tug behind his navel and saw the strange, technicolour blurring of his surroundings and knew that he was off on his mission, hopefully to put an end to Lord Voldemort forever. . "Miss Smythe?" The young woman peered myopically at the black-haired blur. "You broke my glasses! How am I supposed to go to Hogwarts now?" The voice was little more than a petulant, simpering whine. "Miss Smythe, I apologise, I wasn't looking where I was going. Please allow me to make reparations. There is a magical optician's shop nearby." The ill-used muggleborn witch was slightly mollified, but not by much. "I'll let you into a little secret, Miss Smythe, wizarding glasses are a lot more fashionable than those muggle ones, and are self-correcting." The witch squinted at the blur, somewhat interested. . An hour later, Miss Smythe left the shop with her new glasses perched on her nose, the large lenses and lightweight frames giving her a somewhat owlish intensity and showing off her honey-coloured eyes. A few moments with a wand in a small healing centre in a side-street had tidied up the girl's somewhat crooked teeth. "Will you be alright now, Miss Smythe?" The girl looked at the man. "Yes, thankyou, Mr Evans. I don't know how I can ever repay you." The whining edge had gone from her voice, a side-effect of having her teeth fixed. "No need. Just do your best at school." . "Tommy? Tom!" She threw herself at the sour-faced youth, another would-be first year. "I never thought I'd see you again!" The dour-faced boy's expression passed rapidly from irritation through momentary anger and then through recognition to a look of genuine joy. He hugged the girl back, tears forming in his eyes. "Smitty! I've missed you so much since they moved you. Since you were adopted …" "Tom, it was dreadful, but we've got each other again …" . "My Lords and Ladies, Wizards and Witches, I give you the new Minister for Magic, Tom Marvolo Riddle." There was thunderous applause as the handsome wizard helped his diminuitive partner onto the podium. A raised hand quietened the crowd rapidly. "I wish to thank you all for your support tonight for your help and support, but more than anything, I want to thank my lady, here, for her help and support these many years past … "And more than anything, I would like to announce that Miss Myrtle Smythe has finally agreed to become my wife …" The rest was lost in the chaos of congratulations. . Meanwhile, a youth with messy black hair looked on, satisfied in a job well done and in the knowledge that there would be no return to his time now, to the Hell-on-Earth of post-Voldemort Britain since Voldemort had never, now, existed.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 7 - Head to Head (The Vulcan Mind-Frack) by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 7 - Head to Head (The Vulcan Mind-Frack) . Voldemort grabbed Harry and put his face into the boy's face. "You are a fool, Harry Potter, and you have been an irritation for the last time … and now you will die …" . Harry grabbed the dark-lord's face and, in a slightly drunken-sounding voice, declared, "I LOVE you man! I really do …" He then proceded to kiss the lipless mouth of the Dark Lord and raped the evil wizard's mouth with his tongue. . As he released Voldemort's head, the dark tosser looked … well, confused doesn't cover it. Horrified and gobsmacked were in there, too. The snakelike eyes widened and then rolled back into the hairless head. As Voldemort began to collapse, smoke started pouring from his nose, mouth and ears. A soundless explosion and Voldemort was reduced to an expanding cloud of dust that slowly winked out of existence in a sparkling coruscation of magical scintillae. . "Damn, Dumbledore was right, he really couldn't handle it." . The black haired wizard searched his pockets and produced a toothbrush and a large bottle of mouthwash, and proceeded to get the taste of snake from his mouth - rinsing, gargling and spitting until the bottle was empty before returning to his friends and the woman he loved …
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 8 - Of Portkeys and Passengers by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 8 - Of Portkeys and Passengers . "Together then on three … one … two … three …" Harry, Cedric, Viktor and Fleur each took a handle of the cup. As they did so, they felt a tug behind their navels and were spinning through the ether. Of course, when Barty Crouch Junior had made the portkey, he had made it with one passenger in mind. . Having been confined to his parents' house under the imperius curse for thirteen years, he and his magic were out of shape, so he had only supplied sufficient magical power to transport a single, scrawny, teenaged wizard. The portkey was currently doing service dragging four fairly fit and well grown students as even Harry had filled out during the year. . Contrary to most beliefs, the laws of physics do apply to magic, just not in the usual, muggle ways. As a consequence, the under-powered portkey had just about enough stored magic to transport Harry to its scheduled destination in Little Hangleton Graveyard, a distance of about six hundred miles … which meant that the journey for a party of four was a little under a hundred and fifty miles. Harry, being prepared as Hermione instructed, happened to have a roll of muggle money in his pouch and treated the four of them to a meal in a muggle restaurant in Edinburgh where they had ended up. A night in a motel and a taxi back to Haughsdale (a couple of miles from Hogsmead) got them back to Hogwarts in time for lunch the next day. . Lord Voldemort, having lost all patience with waiting for Harry to arrive had crucio'd Wormtail repeatedly until the useless wizard had lost consciousness and finally died from the resulting brain damage. Nagini, who had been promised rich pickings at the ritual had become bored and more than a little impatient for her dinner. Once her master had fallen unconscious, his half-formed homunculus body being incapable of channelling so much magic, she decided that the creature would make a good meal.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 9 - The Power of A Good Complement by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 9 - The Power of A Good Complement . "Together then on three … one … two … three …" Harry and Cedric each took a handle of the cup. As they did so, they felt a tug behind their navels and were spinning through the ether. Their arrival was rough and Harry fell heavily. He felt as though his ankle was broken though he suspected that it was only twisted. . "Wands out, do you think?" Harry nodded, Cedric cast a quick healing charm on Harry's ankle. Side by side they emerged from behind the grave. Harry had been feeling twinges, but now his scar blossomed into pain. Voldemort … . "Wormtail …" Harry nodded, knowing what to expect – the dry, rasping voice like the hissing of an irate teakettle. "Yes Master?" The slime-ball rat-traitor. "… Kill the spare …" Wormtail had never broken his habit of shouting his spells at the top of his voice. "AVADA KEDAVRA!" The green bolt travelled slowly. "Noooo!" Harry leapt in front of Cedric, his wand pointing at Wormtail. . As the killing curse touched Harry's shoulder, there was a blossoming of a magenta shield and both spells were cut off in a flash of white as he hit the ground. "Fool! Avada kedavra!" The killing curse blossomed once more but Pettigrew dived clear of Voldemort's magic. A quiet voice cussed as the spell missed the animagus. "Master! He lives!" Harry stood shakily and looked at the … thing that Tom Riddle had become. "Hello Tom. Nice of you to invite me to your party, but it's a shame that your other … guest doesn't know how to play nice." . Seemingly unnoticed, Wormtail raised his wand. "CRUCIO!" The angular, curling, yellow curse hurtled toward Harry, the surprise froze Cedric as he was seeking cover. What they saw was a blossom of light as the curse touched Harry's chest – a nimbus of blue stopped the spell and it was dissipated as a pale, whitish glow. . "STUPEFY! DIFFINDO! DISSECTUM!" Bolts of red, violet and pink impacted Harry's body, met by shields of cyan, green and dark turquoise that cancelled the curses in various flashes of white. "Imperio!" The almost invisible twisting yellow beam leaving Voldemort's wand hit Harry in the right temple, but was met by a localised glow of midnight blue. Voldemort tried to maintain the curse but failed to hold it, and resorted to his favourite spell, on the off-chance that Wormtail was merely incompetent. "Avada kedavra!" . The dazzling beam of green light hit Harry, but there was a brilliant magenta glow and the two spells cancelled with a flash of white that left two of the participants night-blind from the dancing after-images. Harry had been looking toward where Cedric was sat behind one of the tombs. . Harry swung around and whispered, "bombarda maxima." A ripple of force left Harry's wand and struck Voldemort's vile-looking form. Instead of an explosion or a meaty sound, the creature simply made a sound like 'splut,' the foul-smelling ichor that had been inside the animated bag of venom was spread about and started drying. . Harry saw a pink cutting curse flare from where Cedric was sat, and he heard the sound of an object hitting the ground and something writhing nearby. "Merlin, that was the biggest ruddy snake I've ever …" "You okay Cedric?" "Yeah. You?" "Okay, just finishing up here. Flipendo expelliarmo petrificum stupefy, stupefy mobilicorpus." . Pettigrew was, in sequence, flipped, disarmed, petrified, stunned (twice to be sure) and then levitated to where Cedric was sat. On his way past, Harry summoned Pettigrew and Voldemort's wands, dropping the inverted animagus on his head … twice. "Oh, that's gonna hurt when he wakes up." Harry nodded, smiling and dropped the unconscious animagus once more. "Wanna make it look good for the girls, Cedric?" . Cedric laughed and the two made sure that they were theatrically messed up, and that Wormtail had been artistically kicked, delicately beaten and his already tattered robes artfully shredded. Harry cast a severing charm on Pettigrew's boots to remove the soles, leaving the rat's foul and threadbare socks in clear view, His right big toe was completely bare. The pair sat on the animagus (who was face down in the mud) and Harry summoned the Triwizard Cup, and they were whisked back to Hogwarts, arriving to pandemonium. "Hey, we're back, and we got us a hunting trophy." . The stunned death eater was questioned under truth serum within the hour by Shacklebolt and Amelia Bones, resulting in Sirius being cleared of all wrongdoing. The information also revealed the identity of the undercover death eater posing as their DADA professor, which in turn led to the rescue of the real Alastor Moody. The two Triwizard champions, however, knew little of this since Cedric had been engulfed in a tearful Cho Chang's embrace and Harry had been swamped in a bushy-haired, rib-crushing hug by Hermione. Ron Weasley was relieved at his friend's escape from whatever, but he really, really hated the thought of Harry getting the girl as well as the prize money. the fame and the eternal glory. . Before the Hogwarts Express left, Harry shared his memory of the graveyard with Dumbledore. "So, Harry, how did you protect yourself from the Killing Curse? And the other unstoppable curses without using a wand?" Harry smiled at the headmaster. "Just a little thing I learned this year, at the Yule Ball in fact, about a complement healing a lot of ills." . The Hogwarts Express left Hogsmead and an extremely bemused Albus Dumbledore. "That's very good, Harry … I think that one day you may even fulfil the other prophesy." Sucking a lemon drop, the headmaster pondered how his shoes would one day be filled by Mr Potter.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 10 - Potions Lesson by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 10 - Potions Lesson . "Bone of the father unknowingly taken, you will restore your son … "Flesh of the servant, willingly given , you will restore your master … "Blood of the enemy, drawn in battle, you will restore your enemy …" . "Umm, Peter?" Pettigrew looked at the teen currently bound on the gravestone. "You got that bit wrong. You cut my arm, yes, but I wasn't fighting you because I'm all tied up. Now, what does Snape always say about following instructions exactly?" "Er, umm …" "I'll tell you what, the potion has to simmer for a few minutes yet, so let me down and we can fix it." Wormtail, desperate to get something right in his life agreed while Voldemort lay cursing loudly but ineffectually. . "Tom, shuttup! This is advanced necromancy here. If we don't get this right, the magical backlash will turn this boneyard into a hundred-foot deep crater. And that means you, me and Wormtail here." The foetus-like Voldemort was dumbstruck. . "Right, let's see …. " Harry sniffed the potion and winced. "It's well off. We need to stir six times anticlockwise while adding …" He thought for a moment, "Thymus serpyllum and then six-times clockwise while adding Oreganum majorum. I have both here …" The two ingredients were added and a rich, herbal smell arose in place of the graveyard fetor that had risen from the simmering cauldron. Harry sniffed again. . "Better," he said, "but not yet there. A resurrection from this would be rather weak. We need Gareem-assala and a crushed …" He considered the cauldron. "… make that three crushed cloves of garlic, fresh-harvested, and a flower head, too. There are a few plants over there." Wormtail ran over to harvest the indicated herbs. . "Potter, why garlic?" "Simple, Tom, it's for the antiseptic properties. You don't want the whole of your new body rotting out from under you now, do you?" Voldemort considered this and remained silent, wondering why the boy was suddenly aiding him. Perhaps he had discovered an interest in necromancy, maybe he could be convinced to join the dark side … . The garlic was added followed by the spicy smelling herbs and a few chef's pinches of other things that happened to include cumin, dried jalapeno peppers and ground cloves. . "How come you know this? And why do you have the materials with you?" Harry smiled. "I discovered an interesting book on Voodoo this year, the necromantic rituals and the on-the-fly methods of potion-brewing … using a range of makeshift recipes. now …" He looked in the cauldron and sniffed. . "Yup, it's ready. The process is a bit slower this way, it'll take about a half hour, but you'll find the results more than acceptable. The potion will be a little hot at first, but just brass it out and it'll be fine. . Wormtail reverently placed his master in the cauldron. Voldemort let out a small yelp of shock, the stuff really was painfully hot, but he decided to show no weakness. . Voldemort's last living thought was that Potter said something about there being enough gumbo to go around, but they really needed some vegetables and rice before the other guests arrived. -::::::::- Notes: Thymus serpyllum – The herb known as Thyme Oreganum majorum – The herb known as Marjorum Gareem-assala is really Garam masala – a blend of spices used in Indian cuisine. A type of Garlic commonly grows wild in Britain. The whole plant can be used as a herb. Garlic buds are used as protection from vampires. A chef's pinch is about a teaspoon-full
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 11 - A Natural Mistake by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 11 - A Natural Mistake . The shrieking from inside the cauldron had finally ended and Wormtail was cowering on the ground, quaking with terror. Harry extricated himself from the statue. He looked into the now cooling cauldron and winced. "Oooh! Nasty! Wormtail, where did you get this ritual from?" Wormtail looked at Harry. "I – I – I - …" . The craven waste of protoplasm scurried to a satchel and produced a rather tatty looking book and handed it to Harry. He opened the book. It was calligraphed rather nicely, the table of contents … was mostly in modern English … He flipped to the back and found two pages very artfully torn out. The last page featured part of the information on Substitutiary Locomotion. He closed the book and examined the leather, the damaged bindings and so on. Although his eyesight was never that good, Harry had keen powers of observation. He saw the faint traces of knife-cuts, the rather even bruising of the page edges and the wonderfully intricate binding made to look old and tattered, whilst remaining an extremely sound tome. Coupling this with the almost mechanical precision of the calligraphy and the diagrams, Harry had suspicions. Strong suspicions. These were confirmed when he pulled out a scrap of Manila card, a parcel label that was being used as a bookmark. . On it he read: . Asset Number 3577175 Description: Astoroth Spellbook (Hero Version) Production Title: Bedknobs and Broomsticks Property of Walt Disney Productions . -::::::::- . Afterword: I always wondered what would happen if a convincing stage prop were introduced into an isolated society like Wizarding Britain - and the book from Disney's Bedknobs and Broomsticks was one of the best ever.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 12 - Only So Much Magic by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 12 - Only So Much Magic . A figure rose from the smoking remains of the cauldron. A tall, emaciated figure bereft of most facial features, pale and red-eyed. "Robe me, my servant." Wormtail did so, and handed the newly resurrected Lord Voldemort his yew and phoenix-feather wand. . Voldemort then proceeded to taunt Harry, but somehow the teen found the insane Dark Lord's posturing to lack even the presence, the ton of his teenaged self back in The Chamber. Meanwhile, Pettigrew was weakening from blood loss and, seemingly, magical exhaustion. Voldemort decided that the time was right to summon his minions, his Death Eaters. Using Pettigrew's Dark Mark, Voldemort forced his will into the connection and minutes later some twenty masked and robed figures arrived. Voldemort railed at them for lacking the faith to find him but, even through the pain, Harry noticed a certain lack of gravitas from the golem wizard. An errant thought suggested that he sounded more like a petulant child than anything else. When his rant was ended, he released Harry from the statue's grip, a task that seemed to take some concentration. . "Now, Harry Potter, you who have been an irritation for so long shall kneel before me … Crucio!" The sickly yellow curse flew from the pale wand and hit Harry square in the chest. Harry simply said, "ow!" Voldemort re-cast the curse, bellowing the one word. "CRUCIO!" This time the curse was little more than a spark. "Ouch?" . At Harry's sarcastic question Wormtail's eyes rolled into the back of his head and he collapsed. At that instant, Voldemort's features began to melt and sag, his body slowly collapsed in on itself and in a few seconds a robe and a pool of greenish-brown ichor was all that was left of the Dark Lord. . A figure stepped forward and nudged the festering mess with a booted toe. "Hmm. Not enough magic left to maintain his own construct…" The figure turned and addressed the group. "He's gone, and it looks like it's for good. Let's go … My place for drinks and something to eat …" . Within half a minute, Harry was alone in the graveyard with an unconscious Peter Pettigrew. Shrugging to himself he dragged the animagus over to Cedric's still form and, summoning the cup, returned by portkey to Hogwarts.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 13 - Marked As His Equal by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. An Additional Note: This started as a plot bunny, turned into a plot weasel and then died horribly. There is no polish and very little plot. There are even fewer apologies for the quality of writing - but if anyone wants to pick it up and run with it … please do! -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 13 - Marked As His Equal . "So what you are saying is that you share a connection with Voldemort through your scar?" Harry nodded. "And don't let's forget this damnable prophesy." "How do you know about that anyway?" Harry smiled wanly. "Sirius told me about it. Dumbledore didn't want him to tell me, but he decided to go against the headmaster. Almost as soon as he was resurrected." Hermione nodded. She was rapidly coming to the conclusion that there were far too many secrets being kept by the so-called Leader of The Light. . "And so he's been sending you dreams and visions?" Harry nodded again, unsure where Hermione was leading with this. "And he's marked you as his equal? You share a connection and now you share his blood too?" Harry nodded uncertainly. He was starting to get a hint of an idea. "So you can send him dreams and visions. The blood protections on your relatives' house are useless and Dumbledore reckons your secret weapon is love, right?" "Yes … um?" "Harry … I have a confession to make … " She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. A chaste kiss, to be sure … tentative, questing ,,, The look of shock on Harry's face was rapidly replaced with something more gentle. A tender look that was so fitting and yet so alien to his features. Hermione pulled back and continued speaking. "Old Dumbles sends you off to live with relatives who hate and despise you? What's wrong with this picture, Harry?" Harry thought for a moment. "Dumbledore has no intention of my ever defeating Tom Riddle, has he?" Hermione shook her head. "No, and he's not as light as he would have us believe. At least that's my take on it, and I'm sure Sirius would agree. Dumbledore cast the fidelius on your parents' house – he had to know who their secret keeper was." A shadow passed across Harry's face, a moment of blood-fury, and then it was under control. "So. What do I do?" "Use the fact that he is your equal? Whichever dark lord you care to deal with first. I suggest that Voldie is easiest." "How do you suggest?" "A little light hypnotism and send him dreams and visions. I'm not sure that you trust me enough to let me guide you through it though?" Her answer was a kiss initiated by the Boy-Who-Lived. . An hour later, in the shallowest of trances and guided by Hermione, Harry had put together 'dream' of being the next dark lord. His absolute trust in his best friend allowed him to relax his will and to be guided through the process of deliberately creating a day dream. . "Lucius. You have declared yourself a vassal of Potter!" The death eater looked shocked under his mask. "No My Lord! Never!" "What threats did he use to cajole you? What promises? Never mind, I know that his first command was for you to kill me. I have seen it. Avada kavadra!" Lord Voldemort looked at the cooling bodies of his two former top lieutenants. He had seen the look of triumph on Bellatrix' face when the boy accepted her oath, never mind the fact that he allowed her to torture several pureblood captives. Voldemort's paranoia knew no bounds as his death eaters defected to the boy. Even, as far as he was concerned, Fudge had sworn fealty. . Voldemort hadn't slept often since being returned to his body. It was so long since he had been truly alive that he had forgotten how necessary sleep is for the correct functioning of body and mind. Now his sleep was being assaulted by The Brat, Potter. The Dark Lord gave up trying to sleep, he filled his mind with plans and schemes, all the time denying himself the very human need for mental as well as physical rest, and his judgement was consequently impaired. On top of which, he was assaulted constantly by Potter's damned teenage infatuation with the frizzy-maned mudblood witch. Having those … urges constantly shoved down his mental gullet just made him crankier and less likely to be rational. . Peter Pettigrew was sleeping when he was attacked by a post owl. He fought off the bird and wrestled the parchment free. Surprised to find it addressed to himself, he opened and read the letter. Peter Ignatius Pettigrew, I, Harry James Potter do note and acknowledge that you owe me, my house and my heirs both multiple blood debt and a life debt. By the power of Magic and before witnesses I do demand repayment of this multiple debt even unto the extinguishing of your life and the discontinuance of your house. It has been assessed that partial payment of your debt may be redeemed only by the successful removal of your current Master, Tom Marvolo Riddle, styling himself Lord Voldemort. Proof of his death may be presented in the form of his wand and his un-living head to the proprietor of The Hog's Head in Hogsmead no later than 31 July of the current year. Witness my hand this day of 30 June 1995, Harry James Potter Witnessed by Sirius Orion Black; Hermione Jane Granger; Remus John Lupin . None was more surprised than Wormtail when his shaking hand pointed his wand at the back of Lord Voldemort's neck – when his silent lips shaped the syllables of a severing curse – and when his still living eyes beheld the Head of Voldemort spring from his body. A second curse severed the right hand, still holding the yew wand. The head, hand and wand were quickly wrapped and shrunk, and sent to H. care of the Hogs Head pub. It was then that the last of the Death Eaters realised that the magic of his silver hand was unravelling. . "I redeemed the debt … I did it!" "No Peter, Harry made it quite clear in his letter that Voldemort's death was only a partial redemption …" "Lily? James? My old friends … surely you …" James shook his head. Lily looked at the recently dead mage. "Peter, you made your decisions back then. Our son set the terms, knowing that you could never repay the debt that you owe him … and us. Your actions have condemned you … the seventh circle of Hell is reserved for blasphemers, money-lenders and traitors. We only came to see your sentence carried out. Farewell, Peter Pettigrew …" . Three days later, Albus Dumbledore received two letters carried by a post owl. Two letters, one from Harry Potter, the other from Sirius Black. Both were written and couched in legal terms. Both demanded redemption of Wizard Debt, and in Harry's case, Blood Debt for betrayal of himself, his family and his house. Somehow the brat had discovered that if correctly cast, the Fidelius Charm's secret could not be betrayed by the Secret Keeper – even if he or she desired it. Both letters called for full disclosure and written confession of his crimes, testimony that Sirius Black was not the Potter's secret keeper, and that he, Albus Dumbledore, had deliberately misled both DMLE and Wizengamot as to the true secret keeper. He was also instructed that this along with his permanent withdrawal from any and all positions of public responsibility would be deemed sufficient partial repayment of his blood debt, Harry being more merciful than Albus Dumbledore had been when betraying Harry's family. When he wilfully sicced Voldemort on them.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 14 - Harry Potter: The Gathering by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 14 - Harry Potter: The Gathering . Harry was lost. He was walking from Hogsmead back to the school when the fog came down. He was minded of the words of one of Uncle Vernon's American clients – "it's like a cubic mile of cotton candy out there …" He could barely see his feet, let alone anything else. . He was certain that he hadn't left the road, and there were no turnings between the village and the school gate, and it was only a few minutes between … and here he was, almost an hour later and he was still crunching along the rocky track. There were no buildings between Hogsmead and the gate, so what was the shape by the road? . A pub? The Lost Soul? He shrugged and pushed open the door, hoping to find out where he was. . The firelight cast strange, flickering shadows. The tap room was busy though not crowded. "Hi, come on in!" He was greeted by a teenage girl. As he entered the lamp-light by the bar he saw her face. High, aristocratic cheekbones, a mass of black curls that cascaded past her shoulders … curse-green eyes … … a lightning-bolt scar … . The edges of his vision grew dark and he sat heavily on a bar stool. . A dark-haired man turned. "Hi there! You must be Harry." It was like seeing his face in a mirror, but this face was older and not a reflection … . More people arrived at the bar. More Harrys and more Harriets… …
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 15 - The Word of Unbinding by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. A simple curse-breakers' spell and an over-complex plot to end Voldemort. Warning for the worst kind of Pseudo Dog-Latin imaginable. - Plot sketch that wasn't going anywhere. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 15 - The Word of Unbinding Voldemort's mouth opened, and his lips lugubriously began to form the first syllable of the killing curse. He was going to savour this moment until eternity. "oitnachnesid melog!" Harry's wand flared a pale grey thread of mist, carrying the Word of Unbinding. Harry watched as it hit the figure before him. He watched as the Dark Lord was silenced by his surprise, lips still forming an ah. A small spark of purple left Voldemort's body and disappeared, dissipating in the clear air like breath on a winters' day. Harry watched as Voldemort collapsed, his magically sustained body reverting to its constituent parts, a few dry bones, a severed hand and a pint of Harry's blood … and a lot of snake venom and bile. Of Tom Riddle, there was nothing left. Of Harry potter, there was precious little standing but a series of bruises and cuts and burns strung together in a tattered school robe. Harry's thoughts were centred on the unbelievable truth. A golem. A bloody golem! Hermione was right, that is all he was. Harry had used an almost totally inoffensive spell to defeat the Dark lord. In desperation, he had spoken the spell for removing a simple enchantment binding an object, specifically a golem together. A simple disenchantment, nothing more. Something that Voldemort hadn't even bothered to defend himself against. Something that had come to Harry's mind unbidden. As soon as their leader collapsed, the Death Eaters had fled the battle, leaving their fallen and wounded behind. He stood, almost mindlessly looking at the spreading pool of filth until Hermione arrived and gently led him away. "Harry, well done. You've defeated him. Now, there's someone you need to meet." Harry was led into the castle, along secret ways and into a tower Harry had never visited before. Up and up they climbed until they came to a door. "Ah, come in, Harry. Please." A familiar voice. A voice that he could not possibly be hearing. He walked through the door. He found himself riveted with shock. Before him stood Albus Dumbledore, in the flesh and looking as healthy as he ever had. Opposite, examining the map spread across the desk was another figure, a man with messy, raven-black hair. There too stood a smirking Draco Malfoy and a grinning Ron Weasley. He could hear Ginny Weasley's voice emerging from the room beyond. "Is that Harry already? I'll be right there." "I apologise, Harry, for the deception, but you couldn't possibly be allowed to know that I was still alive. You had to believe absolutely that I was dead, aided by Mr Malfoy here and the late Severus Snape. Of course, at some level, you always knew, simply because our other associates are not perfect actors." "Professor, I don't understand …?" "Of course not, Harry. We will explain…" At that point Ginny emerged from the back room. She smiled at him. "Hi Harry. You did it then." Then she went and hugged Malfoy, who wrapped his arm around her as she snuggled into his side. Hermione went and spoke to the dark-haired figure who was still ignoring him. "You see, Harry, we needed you to be immune to the killing curse, indeed, any other usual curse. We needed you to have one objective in life, and that was to destroy Lord Voldemort, which you did easily using the simplest of charms. Truly you were His equal. It was Mrs Potter who hatched the idea…" "M-m-missus Potter?" The dark haired figure now stood and turned. Harry was face-to face with … himself. Hermione was hugging the other Harry. "Hello Harry. Yes, that is correct, you and I are the same. Well, not quite the same, you see, you are much, much younger than I, and you and Hermione never fell in love. Of course, we couldn't give you too many of my memories, just in case Voldemort looked. Just enough …" Harry blinked. "Then … I don't … what …?" "Ah, well, thank you Harry for ridding us of Voldemort. I must admit, I rather would prefer not to feel quite so fractured as I do now. Hermione?" Hermione raised her wand and uttered the word of unbinding. "oitnachnesid melog." Harry felt his mind slipping, the world becoming grey and finally white. A bolt of purple left his body and entered the forehead of the other Harry, who smiled. They looked down at the remains of the golem. Rose petals, a few drops of blood, a strand of hair from James Potter's hair brush, a phoenix feather, and a lot of sunlight and hope, which is as it should be.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 16 - Granger's Choice by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. While in the tent, Hermione has a dream. A prophetic dream, one that changes the future. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 16 - Granger's Choice . "Put in it's most simple terms, Miss Granger, you have a choice." She nodded. "So why am I here and not…" "Upon your decision rests the fate of the world. What you decide decides also the fate of every man, woman and child on the planet." "So what is this momentous decision?" "You must decide who you support. Who you will bind yourself to…" There was a pause, then the voice went on. "If you choose well, then your union will be that much more powerful. The dark lord will fall and you will herald in a new age of prosperity … "Choose badly, and the light shall fail and you will consign the world to everlasting darkness, and evil shall consume the world." She blanched. "What must I do?" "When you decide, you must act. Once you act, you must kiss him within fifteen minutes to seal the pact and bind yourself to him." "And if I don't seal the pact?" "Then entropy shall rule, and the darkness will finally triumph." . Hermione considered her surroundings. "Wait a minute, I went to bed in the tent. This is a dream." "Yes, but just because it's a dream doesn't make it any less real …" . "So you choose him! Fine!" Ron spun on his heel and strode out. "Ron, wait! Don't go!…" She tried to follow him but she was hampered by her own shield charm. When she got outside, Ron had disappeared. . "He's gone, Harry." She was suddenly struck by the decision she had made. She had decided. "Harry, I had a dream. There is something I need to do. I'm sorry if this seems strange …" With tears in her eyes and a farewell in her heart to her boyfriend, she pulled Harry's lips down to her own and sealed the pact. . The two of them seemed to be getting further without Ron present. The tent ran smoothly, and with a little reorganisation, they could keep watch while sharing body heat. Their time together was smoothed by kisses and hugs and small gestures of affection. They slept in each other's arms, and were content. . Hermione was in tears. "Oh, Harry, I'm so sorry … your wand … it's all my fault …" She had her back was to him and her shoulders were heaving as she sobbed, tears running down her cheeks and into her lap. She was a picture of abject misery. He walked round and stood in front of where she was sat on their bed. She felt his hand gently cup her chin and raise her face to him. The sad, worried expression on his face gave her pause. "My 'Mione, please don't cry. What's done is done, and it was an accident." "I can't get it to rejoin at all with a reparo. At least you can use my wand almost as well as your own." "Hermione, love, what did you tell me about that funny, prophetic dream you had? Your union will be that much more powerful?" He sat beside her and lifted her onto his lap. Putting his arm around her waist, he gently held her wand while she still held it. "Together …" "Reparo." There was a wash of heat, and the broken fibres of Harry's holly wand were pulled together. Harry smiled. "Now, you try my wand?" She did, and it was every bit as good as her own. "Harry, but wands don't work like that …" He chuckled. "No? Maybe not, but our wands can't tell us apart anymore." "What are you saying, Harry?" "Well, it may be too late for this but, Hermione Granger, will you consent to be my wife?" "Too late? Of course I will you silly man!" Later, laying in a tangle of limbs, Hermione asked Harry what he had meant. "Look love, we've been together since we were eleven, friends, best friends and girl and boyfriend. We've been through adventures, fought and faced death together. Even our magic seems to be joined. Maybe we're already married in a way." "Well we certainly are now, Mr Potter." She giggled, thinking about their recent activities. "In which case, Mrs Potter, how do you want to spend the rest of our honeymoon?" She felt a flush of pleasant warmth through her body as he called her Mrs Potter. . The locket no longer seemed to be affecting either of them, in fact, Harry suggested that it was sulking. . A night arrived when Harry was standing guard and a silver doe appeared. "Hermione, I'm going to follow it, you get yourself up and follow?" She answered as Harry followed the patronus, eventually finding a frozen pool with, Harry could see, a sword at the bottom. For a pool of only a few feet across, it seemed to be extremely deep. Magic didn't seem to work when he tried to summon the sword, so he waited for Hermione. Together they summoned the sword, the hilt breaking the surface a few seconds later. Placing the locket on a rock, they prepared to destroy the horcrux. Suddenly the locket was open and showing them nightmares of each other being unfaithful. They looked at each other and laughed as Hermione hit the foul object with the Sword of Gryffindor. . By the time the couple returned to Hogwarts to fight the final battle, they were no longer entirely alone. The morning that they arrived, Hermione had asked Harry a question. "Harry, Love?" "Yes, Mrs Potter?" "What do you want to call our daughter when she's born?" Harry swung around, his eyes suddenly moist. "We're going to …. Oh, Hermione, I love you so much!" . In that moment, Harry had the world to live for. He intended to be there when his little girl grew up. Together, as with everything else they did, they went to meet Voldemort together. "Harry Potter, and your little mudblood. So nice of you to come calling …" "Tom, I see you're still hiding your half-blood self among the inbred dregs of the wizarding world." "You filthy …" Bella's head was sliced neatly from her neck. The pair looked at each other as though trying to figure out who had silenced her. "Now, Tom, we have business. Your wand is broken." There was a resounding crack as Tom Riddle's phoenix wand snapped in his hand. The pair, in perfect synchronisation, cast a spell that Voldemort wasn't familiar with, but soon would be, if but briefly. The magic they unleashed, a powerful spell of unbinding, loosened the magic that had built Voldemort's construct body, returning it to the components that had been used … Bones of the father, Flesh of the Servant and Blood of the Enemy. Nagini fell to a reducto and a bombarda cast simultaneously. The battle that followed between the teens and Voldemort's inner circle was bloody and vicious, but without their leader or the power of fear, the death eaters were simply outclassed, having become lazy fighters. With no leaders, the Dark Lord's army simply melted away, and the teens returned to Hogwarts dirty, bruised and singed, but essentially unharmed. . Eight months later when Lilly Emma Potter entered the world, Harry thought his heart would explode with joy. He beheld his daughter, an explosion of messy brown hair and emerald eyes. As he held her and his wife, he felt the love coursing through his body. There was a burst of green light from his scar and a scream that came from no human throat, as the horcrux lodged in Harry's scar was vaporised by the one thing Voldemort couldn't stand. And, with the birth of their daughter, the Potters heralded in a new golden age of wizarding prosperity … until their next adventure.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 17 - Love Her Like a Sister by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Extra Squick Factor here! Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 17 - Love Her Like a Sister . "After you left, she cried for a week. Probably longer, only she didn't want me to see. There were loads of nights when we never even spoke to each other. With you gone…" "She's like my sister. I love her like a sister and I reckon she feels the same way about me. It's always been like that. I thought you knew." They walked back to the tent, Harry leading, a smirk on his face. As they arrived, Harry called out. Hermione came barrelling out of the tent and caught Harry in a brown-haired embrace and fixed his lips with her own. A blushing Ron Weasley cleared his throat. "Like your sister? Is this how you would greet your sister?" The pair broke of their kiss. Hermione giggled, blushing. "Oh yes, Ron. This is how I'd kiss my sister, but there again, while you were gone we talked most nights. We shared our deepest, darkest secrets." His voice became hoarse and low. "And when we got to sexual fantasies, we found that we share one particular fantasy." Her eyes were dark with lust and Ron could see the tension in both their bodies. "Yes, Ron. Harry and I are both …" Her voice was husky with her own lusting, Ron could smell her arousal even from here. "We're both kinky for a bit of … incest …" . Appalled, Ron threw the deluminator at the tent, actually getting it inside the flap. He apparated away. Inside the tent the young lovers were almost helpless with laughter. "It worked! Into incest indeed!" "Come on, Sis, let's do some pervy!" His face fell. "On second thoughts, Mrs Potter, let's not joke about it. Do we dare tell the git that Dumbledore was wrong? That there weren't actually any horcruxes and that Riddle's already dead?" "Nahhh! Good idea to honeymoon in the tent though, Husband of mine. Shame about Ron turning up again, though."
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 18 - Seven Books by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 18 - Seven Books . Harry Potter was worried - worried, afraid, angry and conflicted. He walked the corridor, fretting about what he had just been told by the headmaster – about a prophesy that that he alone could destroy Tom Riddle. He wanted somewhere quiet and private where he could think, but in the back of his mind was the worry – the fear of failure and his concerns over what the future could hold. The door to the Room of Requirement appeared and he slipped inside, finding a library of sorts. It was a dark room filled with the smell of old books, with a blazing fire and overstuffed, leather chairs. On the table beside one of the chairs sat a pile of muggle paperback books. His curiosity piqued, Harry picked up the first one. Harry Potter and the Philosophers' Stone. He was about to put the book back on the pile when he decided to read the book, and why not? At least he could laugh at the rubbish someone was putting out about him. . Evening after evening he returned to his hidden reading room, soon enough joined by Hermione Granger. As they sat reading in companionable silence they occasionally chuckled or made vague comments. "That never happened!" Or, "It was nothing like that!" Or even, "there was a lot more to it than that!" . Harry was coming to the end of the fifth book, and was re-living the horrors of the recent past, the Department of Mysteries, where his godfather had been injured by his own cousin. He was shocked to see that in the story Sirius had died. That alone told him that this was absolute fantasy. Then books six and seven. The future. The teens took the tale with a pinch of salt, but it still gave them ideas. . "Headmaster … I know about Voldemort's Horcruces." The wizard looked shocked. "… and I think I may know where they are …" Harry showed his proof, Ravenclaw's diadem. . The two wizards and one witch looked at the unassuming ring. A brown pebble in a cheap, greening silver setting - the last treasure of a family bankrupt of nobility, wealth and magic. Dumbledore was still nursing his aching right hand from where Harry had used a light bludgeoning spell to prevent the headmaster from picking up the ring. Albus acknowledged, now that he had analysed the curse on the ring, that he owed his student a life debt. The withering curse would have taken root in his flesh and he would have been dead by this time next year at the very latest. . Nagini proved to be the most difficult horcrux to access, but Harry's patience paid off. Sitting silenced under his invisibility cloak allowed him catch the snake off guard while she hunted close to the old Riddle manor. The snake, like the basilisk, died upon the edge of Gryffindor's sword. . The final horcrux was the most difficult to deal with, but with the aid of Dumbledore, Hermione and the Flamels, the dark magic of Voldemort's least soul fragment was transferred to an object of no worth and then destroyed by fiendfyre. . "How will you destroy Lord Voldemort, Harry?" He grinned. "Information overload, Professor." Dumbledore was confused by the lad's cryptic comment. . Lord Voldemort arrived to witness the mayhem and chaos that was Diagon Alley when he felt himself tackled from behind. Lord Voldemort, the most feared dark lord of the millennium lay in an undignified heap, face down in the gutter of Diagon Alley. Extending his magic, he found his arch nemesis on his back. Harry Potter pulled from his pocket a muggle paperback book … and another … and another, until seven hefty tomes graced the street. He felt the magic of a switching spell exchanging … the information in the books … for … There was only blackness. . Harry Potter cast an incendio on the seven volume set of The Life and Times of Tom Marvolo Riddle, Lord Voldemort, An Autobiography. The body of Lord Voldemort, while strong in magic was mindless, its head containing only a semi-fictional narrative of the second Wizarding War of Lord Voldemort. Not enough to even count as basic instinct. Voldemort's body died during its trial, the magic binding the flesh golem failing through lack of direction. And so ended the life and times of Lord Voldemort.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 19 - On The 13th Day of Christmas by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 19 - On The 13th Day of Christmas . Notes: When Harry and Voldemort both died, there was no victor, and therefore, the magic simply died with them. Hermione is determined to prevent the destruction of life as we know it. This is a Dark tale, and not well finished - it had its time and the more I tried to polish it, the less I thought of it. Polyamory is in the traditions of the Great Classical Heroes of any culture. It forms a part of the Hero Cycle linked to death and rebirth, and this is why. Just in case you don't know the song: On the twelfth day of Christmas, My true love sent to me: Twelve drummers drumming, Eleven pipers piping, Ten lords a-leaping, Nine ladies dancing, Eight maids a-milking, Seven swans a-swimming, Six geese a-laying, Five golden rings, Four calling birds, Three French hens, Two turtledoves, And a partridge in a pear tree! -::::::::- On The 13th Day of Christmas . Chapter 12: One Lord A-Leaping Draco Malfoy felt himself falling. As he opened his eyes he found himself face-down in a shallow pond. He really could have done without being dragged from his nice, warm fireside without so much as a by-your-leave. The cause of his current predicament had been a Christmas card, one of those muggle cards with a picture on the front and a message inside. The picture had been unusual. It had been a stylised Christmas tree bearing representations of the gifts from the song about the twelve days of Christmas. What had intrigued Draco was the title below the picture. In flowing script it had read, 'The Thirteen Days of Christmas.' When he opened the card, just before feeling that tug behind his navel, his gaze had registered an almost photographic picture of some kind of time turner, but this had been animated and had several sand-glasses at odd angles to each other. Unlike any usual portkey, Draco had been unaware of it still being in his possession during the flickering trip through the magical wormhole. Right now, though, that was the least of his worries as he had arrived in a partially frozen, muddy pond. It was dark, it was cold and he was far from home. Squelching out of the pool on all fours, he cast drying and warming charms on himself and, once he had cast a mage-light charm, he could see that he was covered in dried, sticky mud. A few cleansing charms were called for. Cursing his luck and tunelessly whistling 'The Twelve Days of Christmas,' the twelfth Marquis of Allsbrook, Lord Malfoy staggered off to try and find some sign of civilisation. . Chapter 11: A Lone Piper Piping Neville Longbottom was going to have a hangover. He could already feel the first shadows of pain shading the hinterlands of his awareness. It had been a wild night in the Hog's Head, this years' Yule celebrations being just that bit brighter than the previous few years, but Neville wasn't really celebrating. No, Neville was trying to drown his memories of the war, of that terrible day when Hagrid had brought back Harry Potter from the Forbidden Forest and his brother, Grawp, had dragged back the remains of Tom Riddle. Riddle's remains were already decaying, and his stinking corpse had been burned with little ceremony and much rejoicing that day. Fasold, the dragon that Hagrid had been caring for, had done the chore. A single blast of dragon-fire and Voldemort was a wisp of greasy smoke. Harry Potter, dead at Voldemort's hand, however, was buried with much ceremony and accompanied by more tears than anyone had ever seen. Neville was dimly aware that he should have passed through the main gates by now, but he seemed to be staggering along a dirt road across the heather-clad uplands East of the school. Neville was lost. Through the alcohol-induced haze, Neville vaguely remembered a post-owl delivering a Christmas Card to him. He had no idea who had sent it, but that they had managed to get the name of the song wrong. It was twelve, not thirteen days of Christmas, after all. The song ran through his head, so he pulled out the flute Harry had given him and played the tune as he walked, a kind of lament for the boy he had been friends with, who had taught him to be a true wizard. The boy who had ended the war. Voldemort's war. As he played, he was all too aware of the years that had passed since his friend's death, thirteen dreadful years of rebuilding the fractured world that he knew. . Chapter 10: A Solo Drummer Drumming Nymphadora Tonks was playing percussion. True, it was unintentional, and she was playing using hands, elbows, knees, feet, head and shoulders. It was also her infamous dustbin solo, where a drum roll sent a galvanised bin rolling down Genge Street. The former auror staggered along the darkened road, weaving around and occasionally through the dustbins waiting for the early collection that morning, the last before Christmas. It had been a terrible year, the last of many. True, Lord Moldyshorts had been defeated, but at a terrible cost. Like many who had fought in the final battle, The Battle of Hogwarts, Tonks had taken to drink in an attempt to reduce the pain of her loss. Tonks tripped over bin-bag full of tin cans and fell over. She lay in the gutter looking at the overcast, London night sky, grey and unwelcoming, lit by the jaundice-glow of the city's many street lamps. A sudden owl interrupted her drunken musing by dropping an envelope on her. She opened the Christmas card. The words seemed wrong, but her head was spinning as she passed out. It was dawn when she became aware of her surroundings. Through the fog of hangover and post-alcoholic toxicity, she vaguely assumed that she had wandered out onto Hampstead Heath. It was only as she staggered forth that she began to realise that London was a very long way off. Wherever she was looked more like the Scottish uplands. Without further consideration, she staggered off through the Heather and Ling that clothed the winterscape before her. . Chapter 9: A Lone Dancer Susan Bones, spinster of this parish, whirled the hours away. Here in the permanent spell-damage ward of St Mungo's Hospital such behaviour was noteworthy only in it's being almost commonplace. Susan has been present when Voldemort's Death Eaters had tortured to death every first year Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw at Hogwarts. The sight and sound of twenty young people being subjected to extended exposure to the cruciatus curse had unhinged her. The crisis came as the last fell silent, sighing out the pink foam that betokened death by torture. No one was actually certain what had happened, but the gentle redhead had snapped. In a spinning, whirling frenzy she had physically and magically assaulted every Death Eater in the Great Hall. Not one survived her attack. It took the aurors several days to even be able to agree upon how many she had killed. They had found her serenely spinning and dancing around the vast chamber, wand, fist and feet flying in an unending dance of death. Her dance had begun at about the same time that Harry had met Voldemort in the forest. Thirteen years later, she had never stopped. Her unseeing eyes darting, her body, thin from lack of true sustenance, had been fed by magic alone. Her mind gone, her body continued the program of destruction that it had begun that time long past. Somehow a post owl appeared in the room where the whirling girl continued to fight unseen foes. Without a break in her rhythm she snatched the envelope from the bird, pulling out the decorated card. As she whirled away, an observer may have heard the first word she had uttered in thirteen years. "Finally…" . Chapter 8: One Milken Maid. Luna Lovegood had once been happy and carefree. Thirteen years ago, that had changed. War changes everyone, and may make corpses out of them all. The girl with dirty blond hair was now a broken woman with white hair and white skin. Her lips were pale with worry and her eyes pale for lack of daylight. In her candle-lit library in the blackened and half-destroyed Rookery, her childhood home, she pored over ancient tomes. Luna Lovegood was a seeress, but now she considered herself a seeker. It was only Danvey, the family house elf, who ensured that Luna survived. Danvey brought her mistress food and water, and levitated her into bed when she fell asleep working in her library. Danvey was worried about her milk-pale mistress since the death of her father, Xenophilus. Danvey had become increasingly concerned as Luna worked ceaselessly, pausing barely to attend her physical needs, and to exchange owls with another researcher known simply as Miss Partridge, who lived in the appropriately named, Pear Tree Cottage, somewhere in Wales. Mistress Luna received a card, delivered by a post owl. An unusual owl, in Danvey's opinion. She had rarely seen a Nessler Owl being used for so mundane a task, but here was one delivering a special message. Danvey was unconcerned as the wards filtered out inappropriate messages. Luna looked up from her book and smiled as she took the envelope. "Danvey, if I fail to return, there is a pair of socks and a bag of galleons in the safe for you. You will need to go and find another family. You have been a good elf. The best, as well as my friend. Goodbye, Danvey." The milk-white woman opened the card and vanished with a small smile. . Chapter 7: A Single Swan Padma Patil lay on her sofa. She was, as usual, exhausted. It had been another long day with the Royal Ballet. They were in final rehearsal for the Christmas production of Swan Lake. Her sister, Parvati, and she had left the Magical World after the war ended, the pain of remembrance being too great for either of them. The discipline and energy required to become a world-class ballerina at eighteen was enough to force her to forget, if but for a few hours, the pain of victory. She had soaked in her bath, letting the tensions of the day wash from her in the hot water. Her meal was hearty. Even as a ballerina, her magical metabolism demanded more food than non-magical dancers could need. Now, she lay and relaxed as best she could. A greyish blur crossed the room, dropping an envelope on her. She opened it and regarded the card. She nodded sagely and, opening the missive, she disappeared. . . Chapter 6: The Golden Goose Millicent Bulstrode had changed. During the war, she had cast her lot with the side of Light. She had worked alongside the school's healer, caring for the wounded and patching up the lightly hurt. Now, afterward, she had worked hard at changing, becoming something she wasn't at school. Hard, physical work coupled with a light diet and effort in her personal grooming had rendered the large girl unremarkable. While still big, she was now of an athletic build. She had worked hard at qualifying to become an auror. Whilst at an academic disadvantage, she had made up for her educational shortcomings with sheer effort. It wasn't enough for the high standards set for the Auror Division, but she had, meanwhile, discovered that she had a knack for muggle-cookery. She had left the magical world and had learned the trade of chef. Now, she was one of the senior chefs at a famous wizarding restaurant in London's West End. At school, she had barely exchanged a dozen words with Harry Potter over all seven years, but she was desperately aware that his sacrifice had meant that she had a choice of jobs, the freedom to marry or otherwise, and the chance to live her own life. Harry Potter had affected her future more than he could have ever known. It was in his memory that she tried her utmost to avoid wasting his sacrifice, his gift to her. She was studying at home while eating a saffron omelette when a grey owl dropped an envelope on her desk. She removed the card inside and opened it with a slight smile. Without further ado, she faded from view and was gone. . Chapter 5: Five Magic Rings George Weasley sat, huddled in his apartment. Wrapped in a knitted blanket salvaged from The Burrow minutes before it was destroyed, he warmed himself as best he could before the meagre fire. In a wooden box were the last mementoes of his family. He was the last. Percy was the first to die, killed during the fall of the Ministry. Then Fred and Ginny during the Final Battle; they died giving Harry the chance to do what he had to - to end the reign of evil. By the end of that same year, his parents along with Charlie, Bill and Ron had gone, at the hands of the rabid remains of Voldemort's death squads. Thirteen years ago tonight, George's parents and family had been murdered by those same lunatics, burned to death in their own home. All he had were bittersweet memories, an old blanket and the rings. Five magical betrothal rings, the sole legacy of Wordsworth Weasley, a magical jeweller of the sixteen hundreds. George waved his wand across the rings causing them to glow, the dweomer of ancient and powerful magics. A bitter, salt tear ran down his cheek. The headline across the front page of The Daily Prophet caught his eye. "Magic dying." George knew all too well about the story. He knew that his own magic was dwindling, and so was everyone else's. The war against Voldemort had done this to them. The cost of victory was their magic. The heart had gone out of Wizarding Britain, taking with it the will to live. The indomitable British Mage, the unassailable attitude of moral invincibility, the crazy, backward lifestyle that represented the true heart of wizard kind, even to those magical folk on other continents, the source of hope for wizard kind was dying. Another tear fell. That he should be here to see the final death of wizard magic from the world, the end of the magical civilisation that had spawned the world's myths and legends. He pulled the card from the envelope and, pocketing the five golden rings, opened the card and disappeared from his dying world. Some time later, the fire went out. . Chapter 4: Calling Birds Cho Chang sat in the parlour of her parents' home. The house that had once echoed with the sounds of four generations of her family was silent now, but for the crackle of the fire and the ticking of the long-case clock by the door. The once beautiful woman now sat, her once ebony locks grizzled, her once bright eyes dull with grief. She had buried her father at Norton cemetery that day, the only mourner present. Of her family, she was the last. Of her wizarding friends, there was only Millie Bulstrode left. If any had asked her, she would have agreed that the cost of victory was beyond endurance. She threw a handful of powder into the fire. "Mistress McGonagall's Office, Hogwarts." After the pleasantries were out of the way, Cho asked how the mothballing of the school was going. The news was painful. The eternity charms were failing, and many of the treasures were being transferred to muggle storage facilities. "I have decided to go, Professor. I called to say goodbye." The elder witch looked sad. "Good luck, and Merlin protect you. Farewell, Miss Chang…" Once the connection was broken, the Chinese witch pulled a Christmas card from its envelope and opened it, her lips grim and her expression set, leaving an empty house behind. . . Chapter 3: A French hen Gabrielle Delacour wondered if there were truly any hope left as she read the note from the mysterious Miss Partridge. Her mother and elder sister had passed in the recent few days, their veela magic failing and their bodies reverting to dust in a few minutes. She had been energised by them, their last traces of strength passing into her younger body. She opened the card knowing it to be a portkey of sorts, and vanished with some small hope of surviving this latest threat to life. . Chapter 2: Turtle Doves Hermione Granger did what she needed to in order to survive. She had applied herself to her studies in school, but she had never been able to take her formal magical studies beyond her NEWTs. Informally, however, she had gone much further. Quietly and without outside knowledge, she had continued studying and researching. She had inherited Harry's libraries – those books belonging to both the Potters and to the Black family. For some reason unfathomed, her experiences with a time turner during her third year and then her experiences in the Time Room in the Department of Mysteries had left her with a more than passing interest in the mechanics of time. Supported by her inheritance from Harry, she had studied sciences and mathematics for two years at a London technical college, and had then continued her studies at Cambridge, commuting magically from her adopted home at Grimmauld Place. Studying under the foremost minds of the age, she had become an expert on the nature of time. Her arithmancy studies had given her an … insight into the field, and she had independently developed the spell-work that permitted the activation of a time-turner. Spending a small fortune with a precision engineering company, she built her first prototype and successfully operated it under laboratory conditions, sending objects and living organisms back and forth across time. Further money permitted the construction of a more complex device that allowed more complex journeys, both in time and space. She could now simultaneously follow several lines of research, which she did, while pursuing a doctorate under the watchful eye of Professor Hawking. Her thesis, On The Nature of Time and Paradox changed the course of theoretical physics, but only she and her professor knew that the theory was actually proven empirically. Using time compression, she was able to carry out further development without ageing, and before the world's magic was too depleted to complete her self-imposed mission. . Her mentor's electronic voice asked her, "what are you planning, Miss Granger?" "I want to repair what has gone awry, Professor. There is one event that the arithmantics tells me was the cause of the world's magical depletion." "Why save what cannot be saved?" "Because all life requires magic to survive. As far as I can tell, life and magic are the same thing. The non-magical cannot express external magic, the magical can, and that is all." "Show me. I do not doubt, but I would appreciate seeing your proof." Hermione transferred the files to her professor's computer. "Professor, I must leave shortly, I am close to the absolute limit here and now. I will take steps to ensure that our work is not lost in the new time stream." The professor managed to force his features into a genuine smile. "Take care, Hermione. I will see you whenever." She took her leave, travelling to Hogwarts to meet her old transfiguration professor. "Hermione?" "Minerva. The time is here. We must leave soon." "All of the transit keys got off alright. Are the transit keys ready?" Hermione nodded. "I will send them last night using school owls. You go on to Pear Tree Cottage, I'll meet you there." The two activated complicated magical pendants and faded from the room. . . Chapter 1: Miss Partridge After sending the magically enhanced Christmas cards, Hermione travelled back to the rendezvous point. The place was Pear Tree Cottage in Wales, the time was December 23,1881. Her arrival was accompanied by the familiar, pleasant sensation of warmth as the world's magic once more enveloped her. . "Miss Partridge, I presume?" "Hello Luna. Yes, guilty as charged. Welcome to 1881. Has everyone arrived safely?" Luna giggled. "There are a few hangovers in the bedrooms, but yes, we managed to round them all up. Draco was the most difficult. He had no idea what was happening." Hermione nodded. "That's because he's not our Draco, he's from a cognate timeline. Our Draco died as a result of the Haldeman probability shift – his Hermione never developed the transit key. Have you briefed him?" The blond girl smiled. "He was quite eager once it was explained. It seems that he was more than a little upset about Harry. Everyone is in for the whole journey, no matter what. Minerva is currently briefing them on the closed paradox resolution you came up with. I'm still not sure how that works, though?" "It's quantum, and that says it all. Quantum probability doesn't make intellectual sense to us, it just happens." Luna shrugged. . "Right, listen up everyone! You all know what we need to do. When we get up to our target era we will be taking possession of our pre-teen selves for a short while in order to integrate our present awareness and to ensure that our younger selves will carry out our mission. "Minerva will be there from 1970 and will ensure Harry's safety and sanity from day one. Tonks will be there from 1975 in order to be ready to start the ball rolling promptly. The rest of you will arrive just before we travel up on the Hogwarts Express." "What about you, Hermione?" "I'll be there from 1980, just in case Minerva needs to extract Harry for any reason. Remember, this is the unknown we're going into. The past will have changed radically. "Now, your trunks are all packed and in stasis for Minerva to collect them once we're on our way. Does anyone have any last minute supplies they need? Everyone have spare wands or other foci?" The general consensus was that everyone was ready to go. "In which case we depart on the seventh of January." . . Chapter 13: My true-Love sent to me … Hope "Worthless freaks don't deserve Christmas, Boy. Get in there!" Harry Potter, aged six and a half, was kicked into his cupboard under the stairs. As he lay in the gloom, tears silently escaping from his eyes, he felt something land on his chest. He held up a Christmas Card with a stylised picture of a Christmas tree and the gifts from the song. He could just make out the words on the front, and wondered about it being a joke. "On the thirteenth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me …" He opened the card and saw one word. "Hope." It was signed by a Miss Partridge. A moment later he felt an odd tugging sensation and he found himself in an old cottage. "Good morning Harry." "G'morning, m-ma'am." "Look at me, Harry." The child looked at the elderly witch. "I'd like you to think of me as your fairy godmother. Now, I know that it's pretty terrible living with the Walrus and company, but that can't be helped. In the meantime, we can do other things while you should be locked in that damnable cupboard …" . Love Harry felt the now familiar tug behind his navel, and he appeared in a pleasant living room in a family house. "Hi Harry, Merry Christmas." "Hi Hermione, and the same to you. Mrs Granger? Thanks for letting me stay with you." "It's no problem, Harry, I just wish we could get you out of that place permanently. Now, your trunk is in your room. Why don't you go and get showered and changed and then we'll go out to do some Christmas shopping." As he emerged from the shower room with a vast towel wrapped around his lean frame, he was met by Hermione. "You know, Harry, I think I could fall in love with you." Harry blushed furiously. "I'm supposed to say yuck, gross and icky, but…" He took Hermione gently in his nine-year-old arms and hugged her tenderly, and then planted a peck on the tip of her nose, being rewarded by a tiny squeak and a blush. . Friendship "So the rumours are true then. Harry Potter is coming to Hogwarts. My name is Draco Malfoy and these are Crabbe and Goyle. You'll find that there are some wizarding families that are better than others, but I'll be damned if I ever seem to be allowed to mix with the right sort. I mean, look at the two idiots. Too thick to be minions, too stupid to be henchmen, too lumpy to be doormats. "I see that you've met Miss Granger then?" "Actually, Draco, I've known Hermione for a few years. We've been studying together when we can." Hermione smiled at Malfoy who grinned at her. "You fixed your teeth early, I see?" She laughed. "First thing Harry did when he learned the charm." . Support "Congratulations Harry." "I thought you said that your family have been in Slytherin for centuries, Draco?" The blond boy grinned. "Well, I guess I'm the white sheep of the family then." . "Harry?" He looked up at the brown-haired seventh year witch. "I'm Tonks. I'm the Gryffindor prefect this year, I'd like to make sure that you're okay, I know that you of all people are likely to find it rough this year." Harry smiled easily, something that Tonks had never seen in the old time stream. "Thanks. If I hadn't been raised at least with some knowledge of the wizarding world, I guess it would have been pretty dreadful. Besides, I've already made a number of friends …" Tonks smiled. "Well, don't be a stranger, Harry. Apart from anything else, we're distant cousins. Very distant cousins." "I'll bear that in mind, umm, Tonks." . Fun "RONALD WEASLEY, YOU ARE A DISGRACE. HOW DARE YOU BE SORTED INTO SLYTHERIN! I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO ASHAMED IN MY LIFE! …" The howler continued in that same vein for three minutes before exploding in a shower of red confetti. "I reckon the weasel will get what's coming to him. First Snake in the family for nine generations." Secretly, Draco Malfoy thought it most amusing that he and the Weasel had exchanged places in this time stream. . Family By the end of his first year, Harry had once more defeated Lord Voldemort. This time, however, Harry had not needed to touch the possessed professor, his close proximity had increasingly hurt the evil overlord because of the love he was surrounded by. He and his friends were inseparable. Harry was rarely to be seen out of the company of Draco, Neville, Hermione, Susan, Padma and Millicent. In their free time they were usually joined by Tonks, Cho and the Weasley twins. For some reason that the Headmaster could never fathom, he seemed to attract their attention. Never had headmaster Dumbledore seen a similar group of students who were so openly … demonstrative, he thought, showing those small physical signs of affection that were prevalent in families. He brooded darkly about that, knowing that the Dursleys would have left the boy starved of affection, just as he wanted. Somehow the child had risen above that … Deputy head, McGonagall, on the other hand, seemed to have an easy relationship with the boy as well as Miss Granger. They seemed to have a common history together… . And More The following year, Luna Lovegood joined the school and was immediately absorbed into the Gryffindor Family as Harry's group was dubbed. Ginevra Weasley was never invited into the Chamber of Secrets, and the young Gryffindor rapidly discovered the real Harry Potter. What annoyed Dumbledore more than anything was that they seemed to be far in advance of any of the other students in the school, in all subjects. By the time they were in their fifth year, when Fleur Delacour's sister Gabrielle joined Hogwarts, the group was known as The Potter Harem. Gabrielle immediately became their little sister, much to the annoyance of Dumbledore, who was still trying to break up the group. Harry's abduction the previous summer, when he won the Tri-Wizard Tournament had even more unnerved the headmaster, since Harry had returned to the school with a seriously stunned Peter Pettigrew, an unconscious and rather badly injured Lucius Malfoy and the remains of an eleven-feet long European Viper. Cedric Diggory couldn't stop laughing at the fact that Harry had not only won, but had returned from what they dubbed the fourth task with additional hunting trophies. All Harry said was that Wormtail, Malfoy Senior and Barty Crouch were trying to resurrect Lord Voldemort, but seemed to have failed miserably. The revelation of Pettigrew, of course, forced the Minister to declare Sirius Black innocent of all crimes. Another blow for Dumbledore. Draco became head of his house that night, when Lucius was given the Dementor's Kiss, along with Pettigrew and Barty Crouch Jr. Harry's sixth year was a gentle progression of his life and relationships. There was shock and scandal on Draco's birthday when Harry gave him a hug. Not the strong manly hug that was so prevalent, but a close, loving hug as between brothers. . . Chapter 14: The Thirteenth Day of Christmas Harry's final year saw a steady increase in death eater activity. It also saw Voldemort's horcruces being eradicated one by one. An attack on Hogsmead saw the demise of the Lestranges at the wands of the students. Dora Tonks was the investigating auror, and she was pleased to find that Harry and the Gryffindor Family had moderated their response only to the same level of lethality that the death eaters had used. By a strange quirk of fate, Sirius inherited the Lestrange vaults and Hufflepuff's cup, the final horcrux. On the twenty first of December, Harry suffered the first scar attack since his fourth year. "Voldemort's back." The loving family around him assembled their equipment and prepared to leave the school. "Professor McGonagall?" The elder witch smiled. "Mr Potter, if you think that you are going to go and fight Tom Riddle without me, then you are sadly mistaken. Besides, he will probably come to you soon enough" Harry grinned. "Of course, you're right. Our equipment is ready, let's celebrate Christmas and then deal with him." By the time that Voldemort came calling on the seventh of January, Harry had enough wonderful memories of his ladies to fuel a thousand patroni. He was surrounded by enough love to vaporise a hundred dark lords and was filled with sufficient hope to return from the Punic wars with his troops intact. He had also felt the destruction of Voldemort's soul fragment while in the throes of passion with the woman he had just asked to be his wife. . "Send out the half-blood Potter!" The black-haired wizard slouched out of the main entrance followed by his 'family'. "Afternoon Tom. Nice day for it, isn't it? What say we make this our last meeting?" "You weak fool, of course it will be the last time we meet. Today, you will die." . They faced each other as though to duel. On cue, Voldemort fired an unforgivable curse at Harry. The twisting yellow bolt of the cruciatus curse missed Harry who simply groaned and side-stepped it. Harry followed up with a lightning fast series of reductor and bone-crushing curses, finally catching Voldemort's right ankle and left shoulder which was all but vaporised. Riddle responded with the killing curse, the rushing noise of the curling green bolt filled the air, but once more, Harry simply dodged, countering with more damaging curses, including a rather nasty boiling lead curse which splashed the dark lord's wand hand, painfully raising immediate blisters. In pain and fuelled by anger and hatred, Voldemort simply began casting unforgivables. "A bit restricted in your repertoire, Tom? Forgotten more magic than I ever learned, have you?" Voldemort was beside himself with rage. "Tom Marvolo Riddle, I forgive you your sins against my family and myself. I forgive you your trespasses against your fellow man, and against nature herself. Let nature judge you!" No one was terribly certain quite what happened next. Smiling beatifically, Harry simply said, "Lumos Angelicus." The area around the duellists was flooded with light and sound. There was a sense of loving, of peace and tranquillity, and then it was past. There, surrounded by the bodies of Lord Voldemort's inner circle of Death Eaters lay the robes of the darkest dark lord since Mordred Maleficius, the body within was little more than dust, the wand of yew and phoenix feather lay smouldering in the shadowed remains of a hand. "It is over… Goodbye Tom, I hope you can find redemption somehow. . Chapter 15: On The First Day After Christmas … Harry Potter, saviour of the wizarding world woke on the eighth of January in his bed in Gryffindor Tower. Snuggled up to him were two of his favourite witches. Hermione, his betrothed and Tonks. Somehow they had decided to share his chest as a pillow after the victory party. As he woke, he became aware of being watched. "Harry," the headmaster said, his voice barely above a whisper, "there is a tradition in the wizarding world. It is little known and all but ignored in these enlightened days. It is known as the Law of Prima Genitor Victor, or the Law of Champion's Rights. It says that as the sole fighter in a battle decided by champions, the victor may take any unwed woman he wishes as his prize … and that includes many women. "I would imagine that there are a number of witches who would not only be willing but eager to share your affections." "Bur, Professor … I don't …" Dumbledore raised his hand, cutting off Harry's protests. "It isn't just your choice, Harry. It is your duty. They will willingly bear your children. They have to bear your children. The contract is that your victory and your strength must be shared with all magical folk. Your children will ensure that the Wizarding world will endure for another thousand years." "So if Voldemort had won …?" Dumbledore nodded. "Tom Riddle was dead, his body a magical construct. He couldn't father an ear infection, let alone children. If he had won, then magic would have left our world forever within a few years, You must ensure that the magic is renewed …" "As you wish, Headmaster. I always wanted a large family, after all. How many children did Merlin have?" Dumbledore smiled. "More than a few Harry, more than a few." . "Harry?" "Yes 'Mione?" "Do you believe what the headmaster told you?" "It's a fun legend, but …" "It's true, Love. I know that it's true. Some of us have seen it …" "I thought you didn't believe in divination," he teased. "Not divination. Divine intervention, more like. Now, I want to practice making babies with you before Nym wakes up." . Thirteen years after the fall of Lord Voldemort, a young wizard with messy black hair and emerald eyes watched the sorting ceremony. The sorting hat was beside himself with the number of Potter offspring this year. The sorting took longer than usual, there being eighty first years to sort. Harry Potter wondered what it would be like teaching defence to his own children. His wife, Hermione, likewise wondered about transfiguration, and his other wife, Nym, wondered how she was going to manage potions with so many children she knew. The other ladies who shared Harry's life would have to wait until tonight to find out where the children had been sorted to; aurors Neville and Draco would find out when they got back from their latest trip abroad. Hermione smiled. This time, the magic really wouldn't die.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 20 - The Angst of War by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 20 - The Angst of War Summary: The final battle involving an insanely powerful Harry and Hermione. Blood, gore, character death, angst and general mayhem. Rated for violence and squickiness. Warning: Do NOT attempt to cast Gravitato apertunegra as any matter collapsed in the gravity well tends to be spat out again as the black hole collapses. It is Hermione's invention after reading a copy of Popular Science, and just seemed like a good idea at the time. Notes: This was written as the introductory part of a longer story long since abandoned. I hope to use at least some of this in another story sometime … maybe … perhaps. -::::::::- Prologue - Harry Harry thought, "oh Merlin! Not again!" . He was walking through a field of ripe wheat. His winter-weight robes dragged slightly as they caught on the wheat. For some reason he was carrying a naked sword. He looked at the forge-black blade and quillon. The metal was blackened, not with age or neglect, but as part of the process of the sword's making. The weapon was perfectly balanced. Harry noticed that there were human remains amongst the wheat-stalks. As he walked he mused on who might care for the harvest that was ready to be gathered in. He stalked through the field toward a group of death eaters. They were waiting for him, and he was seeking them. There seemed to be a conflict, he was aware of magic being hurled. Deadly magic. As he approached, he saw that the human remains were now fresh bodies, mostly of strangers. He passed, too, the dead faces of friends and family. Cedric, Sirius, Dumbledore and Snape were the first, barely recognisable. Then Fred Weasley followed by Seamus, Colin Creevy, a large number of Slytherins he knew only by sight. Alastor Moody, the Patel twins, Bill Weasley, Oliver Wood, Natasha Malkin, Amos Diggory. Then, with a vague moment of surprise, he saw Ron and Ginny Weasley. He felt a deep pang of regret. All looked peaceful in death. Somehow relieved of their earthly strife. Like homes, he thought, once loved and now vacated by their tenants. He was among the death eaters and they were casting spells and hexes at him, but they passed through his body. he swung his sword at each one just once, and the death eater fell. At length, Harry was in front of the Dark Lord, Voldemort himself. There was a wizarding duel taking place just beyond. Harry could see Hermione there. Voldemort sent a number of curses at Harry, and then at last, he cast the killing curse. The curse passed through Harry without effect. Harry swung his sword and Voldemort collapsed, dead. There was a green flash and Harry dropped his sword-point. " 'Mione!…" he yelled running to her, catching her as she fell. Placing his sword in her pale, lifeless hands he screamed at the skies. The clouds shed their tears and his grief echoed as thunder from the unseen hills. . Harry woke with pounding pulse and tears streaming down his face. Then, by the moonlight seeping into the tent he saw her, sleeping peacefully on her bunk. "Oh, 'Mione," he sighed, content that she was safe. . 1 - Hermione Hermione turned, deflecting another curse into a dark wizard elsewhere. She was tired and aching. Blood spattered her face and body, scorch marks and holes were held together by the remains of her frayed robes. "Polysectum Totalis!" She sent a dismembering curse into the figure before her. Even tired she was more than a match for most of them. She was vaguely aware that there was another face before her, another of the Voldemort Youth as she thought of them. Harry, she thought, where are you? "Reflecto!" The curse rebounded from her shield, bathing the would-be murderer in his own death curse. God, if you're out there, let him live. He's all I have now. She slipped in something she wished were mud but smelled like blood. A curse zinged through the space her head had occupied a split moment before. Without looking, she cast avadra kevadra toward the caster of the curse, and felt rather than heard him slump. She cast sectum sempera at the ankles of another Voldemort Youth, hamstringing her. "Demento perpetuo!" The girl was left an empty shell. Lord forgive me, I kill without thought or compassion. The reply from the half-sane back of her mind was but they would do unto you with even less compassion - at least you feel bad about it. She spun, casting a crucio without malice, using it as a stunning spell. Then a series of bombarda maxima to clear her way forward. Bodies, many not yet dead were spread across a swathe of the battlefield. "Protego! Reflecto! Polysectum totalis! Avadra kevadra!" Her curses and shields arced and shimmered. She knew without looking that she was hitting her marks. Harry, where are you? Are you even still alive? I need you! I can't live without you! Tears blurred her sight, but some second sight had her cast a shield behind her followed by a lux therma. She felt the wash of heat and saw the afterglow of the fireball against the blinded figures before her. She heard the screams of those burned on the edge of the fireball. A series of invertocorpus curses ended the lives of the dark ones in front of her. A curse of some sort scythed from behind her. She dropped, turning, and cast tonnere-electra. A lightning bolt caught the wizard in the chest and then earthed itself through those closest to him. Their screams were cut off short by the electric shock. There was a knot of dark wizards before her casting curses and hexes. She felt herself hit by several. The pain was incredible, but the adrenaline allowed her to continue. A new spell left her lips, "Gravitato apertunegra!" She felt herself losing consciousness as the ball of absolute blackness left her wand. Marble-sized, it screamed as the tortured atmosphere was dragged into it. She heaved as she saw six wizards ripped apart by the tidal forces around the black hole, their remains being then swallowed whole. Her concentration slipped as she pitched forward behind the low pile of bodies that she had made, and the blackness inverted. becoming a white fountain as the gravity well destabilised. A blast of heavy particles sleeted into those around her, but she was protected by the bodies. I wish you could see me, Harry. You'd be proud of me. Well, for the fact that I can survive. "Harry..." She lost consciousness with his name on her lips. Time passed in the way of things and she became once more aware. Her body hurt, and she ached abominably in those few places where she didn't hurt. She could feel a trickle of blood from her nose. Without moving she cast her mind about her. No one was taking any notice, they thought she was dead. Her wand was in her hand. Harry, I love you! If you're dead, I'll be with you soon. If you live, then come save me! Through slitted eyes she gauged who was around her. "Invertocorpus!" A death eater fell. "Bombardus!" Another. She apparated herself to a private place by the lake. "Electocutio!" Well, it was private now, anyway. She took a drink and cast healing charms on herself. A couple of holes refused to close, but they were only small burns. She ate the last of her supplies, replacing what her stomach had lost in the horror of her black-hole curse. She found what she thought of as her caffeine substitute potion; she prayed that it would keep her alert for long enough. She finished her blood replenishing potion and prepared to re-enter the battle. Her thoughts and prayers were with Harry. Lord, who or whatever you are, please let me live long enough to see Harry again. Please let us prevail for what is right and good in this world, but please let me see Harry alive again before I die. A witch or wizard's prayer carries its own magic. For a moment, she considered her dead. Fred first a few days past, then Ginny and Ron when the battle began. She'd seen Ginny hit by some curse that caused her to haemorrhage internally. Lupin had levitated her to the infirmary and come back to say that the girl wouldn't make it. Then Ron had been hit by a demento curse of some sort, and then, while stood mindless, by some other curse. She had taken him to Madame Pomfrey herself. Ron was dead in mind if not in body. She knew that other friends were dead. She spent a moment longer to mourn her friend and her boyfriend. her only regret being that they hadn't finally resolved their differences. Well, those quarrels were irrelevant now. Death levels all differences, she thought. Death eaters and dark wizards and the inevitable Voldemort Youth stood between her and the fray. Taking a deep breath, and steeling herself she prepared to try to cast multiple gravitato apertunegra and tonnere-electra spells. She just hoped that she was strong enough and awake enough. A dozen drifting singularities and lightning bolts had done their work, indeed, the magical residues were still interacting with each other, and there was a terrible storm of energies roiling behind her. Lord forgive us all. Have mercy on my soul. Have mercy on all of our souls. Forgive me for taking these lives. Let me see him again, please! As she began cutting a path through the dark forces she heard a great cry go up. She had skirted the battle, largely, and was now on the rise before the castle. Looking, she saw a magical storm crossing the field of battle. Harry! I must go to him! She could see Voldemort and his central cabal, and she started working her way toward the place that she knew Harry would be heading for. All of her thoughts were on her friend as she battled toward Voldemort's entourage. "Oi! Mudblood!" It sounded like Goyle senior. Without looking round or even thinking, she cast a reflecto and an immediate avada kavadra in the direction of the voice. "I said, look at me mud ..." The voice was cut off by death. Hermione arrived at Voldemort's position just after Harry. They were already locked in combat. She duelled with several of the death eaters, she was never really sure who. These were more able wizards who had real defences, not the half-trained fools she had been slaughtering before. Harry, I'm here for you. Finish him quickly! She deflected another curse. "Crucio! Demento! Protego! Expelliamus! Protego! Deflecto! Avada kavadra!" Her spells and shields flickered and strobed. Harry, keep to it. I am here Love. Her concentration flickered and green light flashed. She took a curse below her left breast. Where did that thought come from? "Sectum! Imperio!" She caused the death-eater's next killing curse to hit his neighbour. "Invertocorpus!" He died also. She felt herself becoming sluggish and dark clouds surrounded her vision, but still she fought on. Harry, please finish him. I can't carry on much longer. I need to tell you! Harry! I love you! She saw the green light blossom around her, and she felt herself slipping away. "Harry ... " She dimly saw Voldemort crumple and felt the Dark Lord's will fade from the world. "Harry ... I love ... you ..." Darkness took her swiftly. . 2 - Harry Harry's eyes opened. He lay in a crumpled heap in the forest. By Merlin's Beard he was cold. He was wandless for the moment, his wand, actually a dead death-eater's, had been broken by Voldemort. He crawled to where he had left the two Hallows and his own wand hidden in a hollow tree root. A series of warming charms later and he felt less dreadful. There were supplies left behind in the death eaters' camp, so Harry ate and drank. There was no point in going into battle on an empty stomach. At the very least, it gave him something to bring back up. With a grim determination, Harry set off toward the school. He hoped Hermione was all right. Already he could hear the zap and zing of a magical battle as he was leaving the densest part of the forest. He came across a group of death eaters. Within a second they were dead. Merlin forgive me, but I cannot afford the time to avoid killing. My friends need me now! Hermione needs me now! A scene from Hell greeted him as the school came into view. Not only were the wards down, but he could see that the eternity charms were too, and parts of the school were showing every slight of the past thousand and more years. The astronomy tower was completely missing. He could see where Voldemort was by the flicker of green light. Harry went by the shortest route possible, through the body of the battle. 'Mione, hang on, I'm coming! Curses and hexes sped toward him, but in the hyperaware state he was now in, he wasn't even conscious of them, he blocked and deflected wordlessly. Harry's wand flickered incessantly, curses flying faster than words, death dealt in sentences of a single thought. "Hermione! Keep going Love, I'm coming!" A curse flew, and Harry vaguely observed that the pink Hermione hex made the death eater it hit break down in tears of anguish that lasted until he was hit by a deflected killing curse. Even her name is powerful magic, he thought. A ball of fury surrounded Harry as he fought his way toward the Dark Lord. Hexes and curses bouncing from his shields, hexes and curses being launched with arrow-fine precision, and the spitting magical interactions leaving a coruscating trail of deadly energies behind him. Oh Merlin! I'm climbing over dead bodies. Please don't make 'Mione have to do this! "Phobius Maxima!" A shadowy grey cloud of elemental fear swallowed a large group of Voldemort Youth. They became more than fearful, but were frozen to the ground in their terror. "Run! Abandon your posts! Flee for your lives! … Fly!" Harry's sonorus enhanced voice boomed out. They broke and ran. He could see a ball of wizarding fury in the distance. 'Mione! Keep going Love. I'm coming for you! He pressed on, his wand now producing a flicker of green as Harry cast continual death curses punctuated by the occasional deflecto or protego. Heaven forgive me for what I do. Hermione, please forgive me, I am steeped in death and murder. Oh Merlin! Please let the killing come to an end! At last, Harry faced the death eaters guarding Voldemort's back. This time it wasn't possible to scythe them down the way he had the foot-soldiers of evil. These were Voldemort's Dark Generals. He began picking them off one by one. Voldemort saw him, and there was fear in his lidless eyes. Harry could almost hear Riddles thought: But you're dead … Harry issued his challenge in parseltongue. "Ehrshhh ahh-thhhh shhhhighhh athhhh shhhuffff assssss!" Voldemort took up the challenge. "The half-blood brat is mine! I shall kill the pig-spawn myself." They squared up to each other, and duelled. All the time Harry could feel Voldemort's thoughts beating on the outside of his skull. Inside, Harry was thinking about Hermione. For him, the duel was fought on automatic. Harry couldn't be defeated easily, not by the Elder Wand that was rightfully his. 'Mione, if we ever get out of this alive, I want you to know that I love you. I always have. Since I first set eyes on you on the train. The wands were now locked, the magical flames licking at an invisible barrier between the two combatants. Tom broke off. "Avada kevadra!" The two wands flared green almost simultaneously. Harry was hit first but the elder wand could not kill its master, the curse rebounded. The flares of two death curses hit Voldemort together bathing the entire battlefield in their baleful green glow, a hundred times brighter than any single killing curse. Voldemort crumpled and the form of Tom Riddle was revealed. Again, handsome of form but now very much dead. "... 'Mione!" He ran to her as she collapsed, and caught her, sobbing. To her pale, still form he quietly said, "Hermione, I love you." To the sky, he simply screamed, and the sky screamed back with a sudden storm. Lightnings danced and rain thundered, and the Boy Who Lived knelt, huddled with the still form of the woman he loved in his arms while the rains tenderly washed them of the blood that was on their hands. . 3 - In lux aeternum Although there were still skirmishes taking place, Harry ignored them all. Carrying Hermione through the battlefield, tears washing his face, all fell silent as he passed. With heavy steps Harry, The Man Who Prevailed, trod the paths of Hogwarts toward the infirmary, knowing that he would not last the night. Those with eyes to see may have been aware of the ring on Harry's finger and the two wands, one of Holly. now broken by his final curse, the other of dark Elder-Wood, flickering darkly in time with its master's mood. At last he came to the infirmary. An ancient mediwich met him and bade him put the girl on a bed. "She's dead ... Hermione's dead." The mediwitch shook her head. "No, Mr Potter, she is not. She's fainted." He looked stunned. Disbelieving, yet relieved. He looked at Hermione, and saw yet the slight flutter of breath in her throat, the faint pulse at her temple and the pink of her skin, not the deathly pallor he would have sworn to have seen on the battlefield. The mediwitch cast and recast spells. "Miss Granger is exhausted, Mr Potter, and so are you. I take it the battle is won, since I don't hear much noise now, and the casualties are much fewer. Especially after that storm." Grimly he replied. "Yes, they're mostly dead. Voldemort is gone." The witch spelled potions and charms into Hermione's still form, and the death-like faint became the sleep of the over-taxed. Hermione sighed and turned slightly, and fell deeper into a healthy if deep slumber. "Now you, Mr Potter." "No, I'll be all right. If you don't mind me staying here with 'Mione, I'll rest in the chair. I have nothing left but the need to rest. And maybe to have a bite." Harry sat and within seconds, holding Hermione's hand, he was asleep. Hermione dreamed - She was floating. She knew that she was dead. There were her friends, and Dumbledore, and so many others. There was brightness all around and everything seemed to be in shades of golden white. Ron greeted her distantly, Ginny more warmly. Sirius told her welcome. Fred waved his fingers. Dumbledore said that she wasn't due yet. She wanted to know why Sirius said that she wasn't truly dead, that she was between worlds, but that she had to go back. And Harry, she had asked. I won't go back if he is here, she had said. He is alive and waiting for you, they had said, but he will not live without you. The two of you have unfinished business, they had said. And another had said, "YOU ARE FORGIVEN YOUR SINS, BOTH OF YOU, AND WILL BE WELCOMED WHEN YOUR LIVES FINALLY COME TO THEIR PROPER CLOSE." And she had been told, go now, and be at peace for there is much to do before you come to this place at last. Your only immediate task is to tell him, Ron had said. He said that he gave them his blessing and that he knew that she and Ron were never destined to be together. And Ginny had kissed her and told her to make him happy. Now forget. And so she slept. Harry had dreamed also. Ginny had come to him in a shaft of brilliant light. She had told him that he and Hermione had her blessing and that he should make Hermione happy. Ron had appeared, and said that Hermione was always destined to be Harry's partner. He too gave Harry his blessing. The two of you have unfinished business, they had said. And another had said, "YOU ARE FORGIVEN YOUR SINS, BOTH OF YOU, AND WILL BE WELCOMED WHEN YOUR LIVES FINALLY COME TO THEIR PROPER CLOSE." And he had been told, go now, and be at peace for there is much to do before you come to this place at last. Ginny had said that Harry's hardest task was to tell Hermione how much he loved her. And Ron had hugged him and told him to make her happy for him. Now forget. And Harry, too, slipped into a less painful, healing sleep. . When Harry woke and before the dream finally slipped from his grasp, he looked at the young witch asleep on the hospital bed and wondered how she would react to his dream. He decided to wait and see what the day might bring. And the dream passed from his mind. Hermione woke to pain and aches and a hand holding hers. "Harry ,,," "It's all right 'Mione, it's all over." She silently wondered what her dream had meant, other than wish fulfilment. She put it aside, and within minutes, it was forgotten. "Harry, I have news if you can take it." "Ron and Ginny, 'Mione?" She nodded. "I know, 'Mione, that they're hurt, They're over there." He indicated two beds bearing two Weasleys, the ginger hair was unmistakable. They went to their lovers, and saw that they were both unconscious. Hermione described to Harry what had happened. Madam Pomfrey bustled over. "Mr Potter, Miss Granger, the news is not good. I am sorry to be so blunt, but we do not really have time to be gentle at the moment. "Mr Weasley was hit by a dementation curse, there is nothing left of your friend. What's more, he has cursed injuries that he is unlikely to survive. Miss Weasley has been hit by something like an impacto curse, she has suffered internal injuries not unlike the injury Miss Granger suffered a few years ago. To make it worse, her internal injuries include some severe bleeding inside her brain. If she lives, which I doubt, then she will be severely disabled at the very least. I'm sorry, both of you." They thanked the mediwitch for her candour and she left them with their partners. Harry was shaken to his core as he held his sobbing best friend. He looked at the two hospital beds, the shocks of ginger hair and the pale faces. The war had been won, and Harry had destroyed the Dark Lord's power as that same dark power had been on the brink of conquering all. He could hardly believe it, even a full day on. Harry looked at Ron's still features. You stupid git, Ron. Why did you have to be the one who was in the way of Dolohov's curse? And then toward Ginny. Ginny, why did you have to leave the shelter of your hiding place. I needed you safe. And in the back of his mind, a tiny voice said that it was because it was destined to be thus. And so it was. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 21 - Ancient Grudges by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 21 - Ancient Grudges . Beyond the Triwizard Cup, Harry could see Cedric Diggory being pursued by the biggest acromantula imaginable. . Knowing that the only spell of any use whatsoever was the spider-banishing curse, Harry fired off that exact spell. . "Arania exemai!" . Unfortunately, Harry's aim was off and the curse clipped the Triwizard trophy causing it to go flying into the air, ending its unexpected journey immediately in front of the giant spider just as its mandibles closed on it. . As soon as the cup and the spider made contact they disappeared in a swirl of light. . "A portkey … " Harry whispered as the hedges of the maze whithered and disappeared. . Harry helped Cedric limp toward the stands, and then the two of them were forced to recount the reason for the disappearance of the trophy. . -::::::::- . Aragog, for it was none other, was startled, surprised and just a little perplexed to have been sent riding an unscheduled portkey to a desination unknown. . He was too old to want to travel any more, and he didn't like the spinning. He was starting to get just a little bit upset by the time the portkey deposited him in a dark and unfamiliar graveyard. . "Kill it, Wormtail!" . Aragog turned slowly to see a cowering, snivelling rodent of a wizard and some kind of baby-thing. The cowering, snivelling creature was frozen with fear. Pathetic! . Ah, the baby-thing. He knew that voice, he knew the sounds and smell of that one. It was the wizard that had done wrong by Friend Hagrid. . Aragog was loyal to his friends and family, and he had a long, long memory. he scuttled forward, shrugging off the twisting yellow and burning green magics that the baby-thing threw at him. Aragog knew that his armoured hide was resistant to all wizard magic, and it was so strong that even the killing curse couldn't penetrate fully. . A venomous bite and the not-friend, the enemy of Hagrid was ended. The other wizard, the rat-face one had fainted. Aragog didn't like the smell of that one, it was too unclean to eat, the same with the enemy. . Aragog vaguely wondered, having been around wizards, if the cup would take him home. . -::::::::- . The Daily Prophet announced the following day that the Triwizard Cup had been won by a giant spider, and only Hagrid, Harry and a select few knew what had happened in those few minutes between the end of the tournament and Aragog's reappearance. . -::::::::- . "Hagrid, I have to ask … when did Aragog hatch?" . "Well, Professor Dumbledore, like most spiders, Acromantulas hatch during high summer. I suppose I picked him up sometime in August, so I'd guess late July. Why d'yer ask, Professor Dumbledore, Sir?" . The pensive headmaster just smiled, saying, "oh, noreason Hagrid, just curiosity …" . Lord Voldemort never returned, seemingly spider venom was a power that Tom Riddle only knew about at the end.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 22 - Not With a Whimper by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 22 - Not With a Whimper . Harry looked down at the broken remains of Albus Dumbledore and sneered. "How does it feel to have been beaten by your own weapon, old man? To have been outclassed, outmanoeuvred, outgunned and finally offed by a creature of your own devising?" Harry didn't expect an answer from the barely moving form, and so he wasn't disappointed. "You are the one who was responsible for so many deaths. No, you didn't hold your wand to their heads, but you did it anyway. My parents, Cedric, Sirius, Neville, Luna, Ron, Ginny, Daphne, Susan – all my friends dead at your hand. Lupin, Tonks, Minerva, Filius, Hagrid – even Snape. All your fault, and at the last, your wand was the one that killed me. My life, my love, my sun and my moon. You destroyed my wife, my Hermione." He took a deep breath and looked around the shattered remains of the school that had been his home for so long. "You even killed Hogwarts. Well, Albus, I hope you're happy now. I'm sure that wherever you are, you're still being your same, arrogant, self-opinionated self. Well, you're dead now, and I soon will be. "I don't give a toss for Wizarding Britain, though I will try to take down Tom when I go." . Harry collected the pouch belt he had prepared, the pouches with extension charms expanded to weightlessly carry several hundred pounds of wax-like material and a few thin, laboratory glass vials of a sluggish liquid. He carefully checked the stasis and shrinking charms on the vials. With a heel-turn, Harry disappeared with a quiet pop. . "Hello Tom, I thought we should get this over with. There are a few things you need to know before I die." "Harry Potter … I'm so glad you've come to realise …" Harry raised his hand. "No need for the pleasantries, Tom. But I need to unburden myself first. "First off, don't bother looking for any of my friends or the Order of the Phoenix – they're already dead – murdered by Albus Dumbledore, spent as pawns against your people. So's Dumbledore. I killed him off myself. If you have a pensieve, I can show you?" Voldemort shook his head. "No, I will savour the dream." "The other thing … well, if you'd be so good as to cast a 'finite' on my pouch belt, you can see." "Why?" "It's transfigured is all. You'll understand when you see what it is." Voldemort nodded. "Finite." The transfiguration on the pouch belt collapsed, revealing Nagini. The undetectable extension charms on the pouches collapsed, spilling the contents around Harry. The shrinking charms on the contents of the thin glass vials collapsed along with the stasis charms on that same liquid, spilling several tens of litres of well-shaken and heavily compressed nitroglycerine all over the packs of semtex. Voldemort's last impression was of redness. Harry's was one of satisfaction and relief. The smoking crater that had been the Riddle Manor was further enlarged by the spontaneous detonation of Voldemort's stock of dark artefacts, but no one was there to notice, as almost every death eater had been close to the mansion. Harry stood on the memory of the wooden floor, his gaze locked on the memory of Tom Marvolo Riddle. Harry saw shadows oozing out of the blasted crater, from the strewn rubble and the burning debris … shadows that attacked Riddle and dragged him, screaming, down to the netherworld. A brilliant light surrounded the Boy-Who-Sacrificed-Himself, he smiled and he was gone, finally, on the last great adventure.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 23 - Causality by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 23 - Causality . A dying teenaged boy lay in the hospital. His outsized clothes were in an evidence bag, but even though he yet drew breath, this was a murder enquiry. The boy, one Harry James Potter, eighteen today, black hair, green eyes, severely underweight with an unusual scar over one eye was dying. His parents had died in a car accident, victims of a drunken driver. The scar was a result. The relatives claimed the boy was incurably criminal (whatever that was supposed to mean), and that he was an inveterate drug user. There was no evidence of either. Not anywhere. What there was, however, was evidence of years of neglect and abuse. That and the fact that the boy's outsized cousin had shot the boy through the head with a nail gun for no apparent reason. The entry wound was small and neat, at the back of the skull. The exit wound, however… The inch-diameter hole in the front of the boy's head had sickened the entire hospital staff, the police were just as shaken. The careless brutality of it was more than shocking. . "How long?" The brown haired girl with tear-streaked cheeks was past grief. Now she was waiting to mourn her boyfriend. She had spent hours with the police, helping them to put together a case against the three Dursleys. "The end is very close …" . The slow beep-beep of the heart monitor accelerated for a moment and fell into a monotone. "Harry!" "He's gone. I'm sorry. Time of death logged at twenty-one forty-five, thirty first July nineteen ninety eight." As his dying brain shut down, he heard his girlfriend call his name. He heard the doctor report his death, and then unreality took over. In the back of his mind, he vaguely thought it was true. As you die your life really does flash before your eyes … His mind brought forward events. Strange events. Inexplicable events. A teacher with blue hair. Being chased onto the school roof. A talking constrictor. A letter with strange, loopy, green writing. "What if I'd opened that envelope …"
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 24 - Recursion by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. This chapter dedicated to The Survivors of Dies Irae - you know who you are. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 24 - Recursion . "Harry?" "Yes, Hermione?" "Look at this … it's a bit odd …" Harry looked at the passage that Hermione was indicating. It read: 97Zit3rvrfKkzf!ucD8PAeHw5!S!RXeQ0tM4adZYo_ Y4jwnCACrrch9Prx10&NcQGCEcb2FmGDj2nPsU_ wPJBUrGtCQI9vJ!ej5vbSyni182gEpAkckvXU7Va_ MwHrOPy4Qjjpgx+3dk5sxWFKSmxY1qUTm15PZ_ n9!Mnk1PKyZux8ejIYKC&CMMurC8CCsEAYLxbc "What book is that, Hermione?" "It's a book about the theory of magical causality, but this is an example, and I can't figure it out …" "Well, all those mixed symbols and letters look like some nonsense code to me." "That's it …" . Three hours later, Harry's bushy-haired friend was smiling, if perplexedly. "You decoded it, Hermione?" She nodded. "It still doesn't make any sense though …" She pointed at her results. Written on the parchment was the message: Hidden Tales from The Chamber of Secrets, Chapter 24: Recursion ht tp = www,fanfiction,net / s / 7891035 / 24 / Hidden_Tales_From_The_Chamber_of_Secrets
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 25 - World's End by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: A special Mayan End Of The World plot bunny inspired by Ali_Cat on the Snorkack discussion group ... "Every generation believes it is the last. It is the vanity of mankind for them to believe the world can not go on without them and yet, somehow, it does." Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 25 - World's End . 'Yes,' Voldemort thought, 'the winter solstice was a VERY auspicious day.' The dark lord looked at the huddled mass of dying flesh that was The-Boy-Who-Lived. . It was getting late and the sky was darkening, and the Dark Lord was feeling the chill of Midwinter 2012. Time to end it ... "AVADRA KAVADRA!" . Lord Voldemort smiled, an expression that put fear into the hearts of his allies and enemies alike. He trew back his head and, for the first time in decades, truly laughed. . His expression turned to one of mystified curiosity. He stopped laughing and tilted his head. . Mystification and curiosity gave way to concern and then to horror as he realised what was happening. . One by one, without fanfare or fuss, the stars were going out. The sky was dark but for the moon. . Suddenly the moon went out. Lord Voldemort's final thought was, "oh, shit!" - just before the world simply ceased to exist. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 26 - The Power by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 26 - The Power . Harry's thoughts returned to the Department of Mysteries. He remembered Ron being attacked by a swimming brain with tentacles. He suddenly realised that the Skellegra had released him and then he had heard thoughts … . "Mr Potter?" Harry looked at the mediwitch blankly. She decided to allow him to remain for a while, he was obviously still shocked. . Harry's thoughts were still on those … creatures. There is one with sufficient power to return us. We shall use its strength. Homeworld calls. These creatures believe in trade. (Agreement) We must unbind its strength. We will give also a gift. Of what manner? Something of our own psychic technology. (Agreement) He had felt a surge of power and … a tension released before even more of the party was disabled. . Feeling light headed, Harry remembered his meeting with Dumbledore this very evening. His anger at Dumbledore for concealing the truth from Harry, blaming the interfering old fool for Sirius' death. Harry was no fool, he knew that he should have listened to Hermione. He knew that the treacherous house-elf, Kreacher, had lied. He knew that his own hot-headed, precipitate departure from the school was blame-worthy also. "Harry, you will be staying with your relatives this summer, and I must ask that you not contact Mr Weasley or Miss Granger during your stay." By the time that the old fool had managed to get so far, Harry was long over the anger event horizon and his intellect no was longer in contact with either his sanity or reality. With a piece of music running through his head he started daydreaming. It was the theme from a muggle television series that Dudley liked. Harry was fascinated by the opening titles that ended with a cartoon man in a bath being stamped on by a gigantic foot. Harry idly imagined the self same cartoon foot descending … . "Poppy? How is he?" The mediwitch shook her head. "I fear that unless we are able to reach him soon, we may lose him altogether." At that point a heard of red-eyed cattle was driven through the hospital wing by ghostly figures on horseback. Harry was watching in wide-eyed amusement and giggling softly to himself as they rode through the back wall.. "The aurors are still trying to figure out what happened to … Albus. They say it looks for all the world as though he was … stood on, crushed like a bug by a gigantic foot." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 27 - A Light Sided Family by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 27 - A Light Sided Family . Without turning away from the window where the outskirts of Birmingham were going past, Harry spoke. "Are all your family wizards?" he asked, wanting to know more about his new friend's family. "Er – yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mum's got a second cousin who's an accountant, but we never talk about him." Harry froze. "Why not?" Ron looked confused. "What do you mean?" "Your accountant cousin, is he magical?" "No," Ron replied, still not getting it. "Is that why you don't talk about him? Because he isn't magical?" Harry asked. "Er…" Ron blushed a crimson hue. "Well, not exactly ... I mean ..." Ron's voice dropped to barely a whisper, "we don't really like to talk about it, I mean ... an accountant? That's kind of ... dark, isn't it?" Harry nodded. "It's okay Ron, I understand." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 28 - A Case of Conscience by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 28 - A Case of Conscience . Percy Weasley was distraught. His pet rat, Scabbers, had run away while he'd been cleaning out his cage. He didn't dare go downstairs and tell his parents because Headmaster Dumbledore was down there talking to them. He'd heard a few words in passing, but hadn't stopped to eavesdrop. He'd heard something about Harry Potter and muggle relatives, but that was all. Percy knew who Harry Potter was, though. He was the Boy-Who-Lived, hero of the wizarding world. Percy was a bit taken aback, though. Living with muggles? . Scabbers, a rather tatty looking rat and some-times second-rate wizard and Death Eater was horrified. He'd overheard the words of The Great Albus Dumbledore and had been sickened. He had met Lily's sister and her obnoxious husband shortly before the Potters' wedding. Heartless, craven coward he might be, but he had loved the child, and Lily had always encouraged Peter in his endeavours. He wouldn't wish Petunia Dursley on The Dark Lord, let alone on young Harry. For the first time in his life, Peter Pettigrew felt something needed to be done, even though it would cost him his freedom and, in all probability, his life. He discovered, perhaps rather late in life, that he had a conscience. Peter remembered vaguely where Lily's sister lived, somewhere, in Surrey. A place with an odd name. Moaning? Whining? Something like that. He set off, living rough as a rat and travelling at night as a human. He stole food and tramped roads. Travelling muggle style was an eye opener for the pure-blood. He found that his ragged, wild appearance engendered a mixture of fear, revulsion and pity in the average muggle. He was offered lifts in the back of trucks, the odd bite to eat and the odd drink. In Yeovil, he discovered the Salvation Army hostel. A night in a bed, a wash and fresh, if second-hand clothes and a hot meal, all for the price of a little effort and singing some muggle religious songs. In Oxford, he took advantage of the same thing, and then on to Woking, a town in Surrey. . At the station, he found a map of the county. Peering closely, he found the twin towns of Little and Greater Whinging. Three days later, he arrived in Little Whinging and found himself horrified at the regular, neat, identical boxes that passed for houses. These places were nothing like the old towns and cities Peter had passed through with their pleasant mish-mash of architectural styles. Little Whinging, Peter thought, was the epitome of stultifying, mind numbing, boredom made real. It looked depressingly familiar as Peter worked his way through the residential estates. He remembered, vaguely, the names of the roads in the area they'd visited being pleasant garden names. He scampered along a road, a featureless route through a featureless area. It was daylight, but Peter had decided to travel in rat form while searching. Then he saw him. Harry Potter. He was unmistakable, the spitting image of a young James Potter. The six year old boy was being pursued by a gang of howling boys, each easily twice Harry's weight and led by one who made each of the other overweight bullies look scarecrow thin. Peter followed and witnessed the boy being roughed up. He finally made his way to Number 4 Privet Drive, where Peter heard the boy being yelled at by what would turn out to be Harry's Uncle, Vernon. Peter flinched when he heard the sound of a meaty fist impacting the boy. Then he heard the voice tell the boy to get in there and that he wouldn't be let out until he had to go to school on Monday. Peter, tears streaming across his face resolved to do what he could to make things right. . Not knowing what else to do, Peter began the journey into London. He knew that there was a back way into Diagon Alley from one of the London Tube Stations, a way that was all but unknown and rarely used. A way that didn't require a wand for access. . It was Wednesday when Peter finally slipped into the shadows of a side-tunnel in Leicester Square tube station. He easily found the disillusioned portal and walked the sloping tunnel toward the far end of Knockturn Alley, emerging in Magical London by way of a shadowed arch and a flight of steps up from basement level. Peter, once more as Wormtail, made his way carefully to The Twisted Broom, a rather dingy pub in Basic Alley, a short cul-de-sac off of Knockturn. Peter had a small stash of coin and a spare, untraceable wand that he had left there in a well-concealed space deep under the foundations, accessible only to a rat animagus. . Now magically empowered and with a little cash, Peter found his way to one of the rag shops and bought himself an old but serviceable set of robes and a cloak with a deep hood. He also bought a little information on who was known to be incorruptible in the Aurors. He was given a name. Amelia Bones, the current Director of the Department for Magical Law Enforcement. Dressed in shadows, he made his way to the entrance to the Ministry of Magic, and entered, requesting an urgent interview with Madame Bones. . After waiting for nearly two hours he was asked inside the office, flanked by two aurors. "Mr Peters, what can I do for you?" "I need to give you information and a confession. My name isn't Peters, it's Pettigrew, Peter Pettigrew." He threw back his hood, revealing his face. . Padfoot lay in the shadows of the wooden shelf that was the prisoner's bed. The scruffy, black dog felt the dementors retreat, and took his opportunity. A few seconds later, an emaciated, wild-eyed man with long, unkempt black hair stood in the cell. Instead of a bowl of gruel and dry bread being pushed through the hatch at the bottom of the door, two burly guards flanked the now open cell door. "Sirius Black, it is time. Come with us. If you resist, we'll have to drag you." Sirius nodded and walked meekly out, knowing that the 'wands' the guards carried were personally keyed and his taking one would trigger an alarm and bring the dementors. As he was taken out of the vast stone structure, he was handed a thick, woollen cloak which he wrapped around himself hungrily. . Sirius was taken to the concrete dock and bundled into a small boat. Once on the mainland, he was portkeyed to the Auror Division in the Ministry where he was told to shower and dress quickly. He was taken to the canteen, still under guard and given a meal, and then he was led into the Courtroom of The Wizangamot. A lightning hearing later with Veritas Serum and Pensieve evidence and Sirius Black was once more a free man, reinstated into wizarding society and with a recompense for wrongful imprisonment. He was asked to remain in the chamber for the next trial. Peter Pettigrew was chained. He pleaded guilty on all counts and asked that he be allowed to make a statement for the record, and that he be allowed to pass on information to his former friend, Sirius Black before sentence was executed. He was given leave to so do and then, before the court, told them what he knew of Lord Voldemort's plans to achieve immortality, and after answering every question and making his closing statements, he asked for the sentence to be execution for his crimes. "Why do you want to die?" "I confess that I am a coward. If HE comes back, then I shall suffer terribly. If I am dead then I cannot betray anyone ever again." The presiding member, a Madam Griselda Marchbanks simply said, so noted and so sentenced. "You will be given one hour to pass your information to Lord Black." . Sirius, wandless and still weak, sat in the interview room opposite Wormtail. "Don't say anything, Padfoot." Sirius took that to mean that Wormtail wanted to pass on information that he didn't want anyone else hearing. "Harry is still alive. He's staying with Lily's sister. They starve and beat him. That's why I came to confess. I couldn't bear the thought of little Harry living with those …animals! Worse! And you, stuck in that …" The convicted murderer and Death Eater took a moment to pull himself together. "They still live in the same place at …" He choked. "Damn, hiding charms! … One hand with no thumb. The stuff Madam Burnleaf used to feed her chameleon lizards … ummm …talking rubbish without an ell. The town is Little Whinging. Take care of him, Sirius, and try not to curse my name too much ... I tried to put things right at the end." He lowered his voice to barely more than a whisper, knowing that Sirius' animagus senses would hear him. "Goodbye, my old friend, and don't trust Dumbledore … he has plans for Harry, a prophesy and he's scheming with Molly Weasley, but that's all I know from overheard snippets. Take care and watch your back." Sirius stood. "Goodbye Peter." He turned and left, determined to put his and his godson's life to rights. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 29 - Blood Protection by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 29 - Blood Protection . "Bone of the father unknowingly taken, you will restore your son … "Flesh of the servant, willingly given , you will restore your master … "Blood of the enemy, drawn in battle, you will restore your enemy …" As Harry watched, the glow from potion in the stone cauldron changed from a malevolent scarlet to a blinding white. There was a sound like "GLURP!" The light seemed to ... congeal. The glow became patchy. "Glup! GLURRRRRRRP!" Harry could see lumps forming in the liquid as a wash of magic caused both lumpy liquid and cauldron to vanish. From the steam and smoke arose a tall, reptillian figure, lipless and with glowing red eyes. The pale figure inhaled through slits that sat in the centre of the noseless face. "Robe me, my servant," the creature hissed weakly. Wormtail, still bleeding, struggled a robe around the bluish-pale Voldemort's shoulders. The tall figure was breathing heavily as though exhausted by the effort of being resurrected. "My wand, Wormtail." Pettigrew handed the Dark Lord his wand - thirteen inches of yew with one of Fawkes' tail feathers for its core. "Wormtail, your ar ..." Whatever Voldemort was about to say was lost in a long, drawn-out, wheezing cough. "Your arm, Worghhhh, ahhh-ahhh-AHHHH!" The one calling himself 'Flight of Death' collapsed to his knees, fighting for breath. The blazing eyes now had a bluish tings, the red tongue, likewise, was discoloured. The creature's pale skin now held a distinct cyan hue. Terrified and fascinated respectively, Wormtail and Harry Potter watched Tom Riddle struggle for breath, then watched him collapse into unconsciousness and, after few minutes, cease breathing. Wormtail passed out from blood loss, and the magical bindings fastening Harry to Tom Riddle Sernior's tombstone collapsed. Weakly, Harry punched the sky and yelled. "AB Negative for the win!" As he gathered three bodies to take back to Hogwarts, he mused vaguely that Tom Riddle couldn't have known anything about blood types.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 30 - Born as The Seventh Month Dies by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 30 - Born as The Seventh Month Dies . The Sydney Sorcerer of 19 June 1980 carried the story first, of interest only to those Antipodean wizards and witches who knew the man. It was tucked away on page 4 with a photograph of the man shaking hands with the Australian Minister for Magic, Bruce Lambert. Chief Hit Wizard Bruce Tuckerman Retires Bruce Tuckerman retired this week after fifteen years of service in the ADMLE. His famous involvement in the Bunyip Uprising of 1969 which earned him the Victoria Star was the first of many engagements with the creatures and the forces of chaos that make their homes in the Australian Heartlands. Mr Tuckerman, a widower, has expressed his desire to see the world from his yacht, The Flying Jumbuck, before returning to teach defence at Wooloomooloo School of Magic. We wish Mr Tuckerman a long and peaceful career in teaching. Bruce had already set sail by the time the story had run in the paper. His magically enhanced sailing boat was pointing northward into the heart of the Pacific Ocean. His plans - to island hop and to travel the coasts of the Pacific rim, rounding the Horn of Africa and then to make his way to Britain where his mother had been born. Britain ... to see the land of his great, great, great grandfather. Not that you would necessarily recognise Bruce Tuckerman as a British descendant. Like many of his fellow Australian wizards, he had the black, curly hair of the Australian Natives, the broad smile, large, white teeth and the broad nose. He was a big man, round wire-framed glasses, messy hair and the dark olive-mahogany skin of someone who has spent years under the blazing desert sun. A fishing rod, a can of Dreamtime beer and a quiet song saw Bruce through the days as he meandered through the world's timezones. He was hoping to meet up with his distant family in Britain the following summer. . Bruce was cheerfully grilling a couple of fish for his supper when Albus Dumbledore entered the Hog's Head pub in Hogsmead. He was about to leave when the strange woman he had been interviewing about the Divination post at the school had fallen into a prophetic trance. Albus could feel the magical currents surrounding the woman as she spoke ... "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord born as the seventh month dies ..." The thoughts that passed through the old man's mind were confused, though he did decide to continue the Divination elective. . At that moment, Lord Voldemort was reading a report sent to him by one of his French contacts, an auror known only as Iacomo. Voldemort had long held an interest in the field of Magical Law Enforcement, this being where most of the stronger wizards were to be found. He read the report of the retirement of Bruce Tuckerman, and the long list of his achievements. 'The Bunyip rebellion ...' Voldemort shuddered. He had seen a bunyip once. NOT pretty. '... took down a Muldjewangk single handed ...' A quick look of a reference book, and the Dark Lord shuddered again. '... 23 Drop Bears ... I thought those were mythical. Dark Covens ... yes ... a "Yara-ma-yha-who" that had just taken down his partner. Nasty things those ... yes, this is a truly formidable wizard. I'm just glad he isn't in Britain.' . The days and weeks passed and the war against Lord Voldemort was being gradually lost, all the time Bruce Tuckerman drew closer to Britain. . It was October by the time Bruce lowered the mast and chugged up the River Severn. He tied up in Shrewsbury and made his way to the small magical quarter of the town. A post office owl took a message to his distant cousins. The meeting took place in a small, country pub. The tall, tanned Australian was met by a dark-haired man and his equally dark-haired wife. "Mr Tuckerman, I presume? Sam Tucker at your service." Bruce was aware of a wand being pointed surreptitiously at him. "My apologies, Mr Tuckerman, but we have to be careful in these ... troubled times." The Australian's nose for trouble was itching furiously. "Tell me more ..." . It was raining in Diagon Alley on the October 28th, and Bruce Tuckerman was sat in The Leaky Cauldron for the third evening in a row. He was a patient man, and he could wait for many evenings. He felt the anti-transport ward go up as he heard the screams and shouts start. Less than a minute later and he was entering Diagon Alley. Cloaked and masked figures were throwing blasting hexes and dark curses like confetti; cruciatus curses and killing curses flew like party favours. Into this chaos strode a tall, dark-skinned man, all the while quietly singing a traditionally Australian song, punctuated by the occasional Aboriginal word. "... camped by a billabong, under the shade of a coolibah m'ronh'ran. And he sang and he sat and brahg'n'arah waited 'till his Billy boiled, singing hrumm'hrrahh'h'g you'll come a waltzing matilda with gh'osh'tamm me ..." Death eaters fell like proverbial flies to the foreign magic - they could neither dodge nor, seemingly, shield against the ancient magics. A scream. "HE's here!" A tall figure, visibly disfigured through constant use of dark magics strode through the battle, nonchalantly flicking his wand to deliver cruciatus and killing curses like a teacher instructing a practical class. Bruce Tucker's song changed subtly. He could see, from past experience that this was a Dark Lord who had taken ... precautions. Now, the cheerful ditty carried with it an undertone of a single line of deep, deep sound. brrrrahnnnnn arannnnnn arannnnnn ghurannnnnnn arannnnn ba'rannnnn h'rannnnn ... The aboriginal magic chant hidden by Waltzing Matilda stirred hearts and the hit wizard's hair. The last time he had used this magic was to destroy a bunyip that was terrorising Wollagaloogan near to Alice Springs. As he drew close to the dark wizard, he recognised a the face of one of his mother's schoolmates. Well, not so much a school-mate, more an arch nemesis. Her stories of having hexed the daylights out of Tom Riddle a few times had started him on his career as a Hit Wizard. . "And he stuffed that jolly jumbuck into his tucker bag ... Brannhrrrannn-ghrrahhhh-t'POH!" Bruce stamped hard with his left foot and made a hammering motion with his left hand. A greenish-purple blob of magic flew greasily from the Hit Wizard's wand and engulfed the Dark Lord that had been terrorising Britain. It splashed and oozed as Voldemort tried to fight it. He was screaming, albeit quietly, and the last thing he heard as he was digested by the Aboriginal magic was, "... YOU'll come a Waltzing Matilda with me ..." . Albus Dumbledore was confused. The dark lord was gone, and the several magical explosions that had immediately followed his demise spoke of magical protections gone awry. "So tell me, Mr Tuckerman, what spell did you use?" "Oh, an old Aborigine spell, it's actually designed for destroying all manner of dark and chaotic creatures." Albus nodded. "I knew your mother - she put young Tom into the Hospital at Hogwarts three times, but, please bear with me, when were you born?" The Australian blinked. "July the thirty-first, 1948. At about three minutes to midnight. Why?" . A/N: 30 Dec 2013 - a guest reader has contacted me to tell me that there is a similar tale told by Rojekera here on fanfic-dot-net - It even shares the title. Naturally, I had no idea (having never stumbled across Rojekera's work). That tale appears to have been written at about the same time as this ficlet oozed onto my hard drive. So, now that you've read my story, go and read Rojekera's take on the same idea ... (fanfic-dot-net) s/8067869/1/Born-as-the-Seventh-Month-dies
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 31 - A Return to Omelas by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 31 - A Return to Omelas . A Crossunder with Ursula LeGuin's "Those Who Walk Away From Omelas," which is a highly recommended read. . . Harry Potter was reading. Hermione had loaned him some books to keep him sane over the summer. She was a voracious reader, and had given harry a broad cross-section of her fiction as well as factual reading material. Harry finished the book of short stories and carefully closed it before putting it down with a thoughtful expression on his face and an unshed tear in his eye. The final story in that anthology had affected him deeply - indeed, it seemed that it had been written with him in mind. The story that so moved him, a few pages only, was Those Who Walk Away From Omelas, by Ursula LeGuin. It was a simple story about a utopian land that held a dark secret, a land of people whose continued happiness and prosperity hinged upon the continued suffering of a single child. But there is nothing they can do. If the child were brought up into the sunlight out of that vile place, if it were cleaned and fed and comforted, that would be a good thing indeed; but if it were done, in that day and hour all the prosperity and beauty and delight of Omelas would wither and be destroyed. Those are the terms. To exchange all the goodness and grace of every life in Omelas for that single, small improvement: to throw away the happiness of thousands for the chance of the happiness of one: that would be to let guilt within the walls indeed. Those who are unable to accept the price simply walk away from the city, never looking back - for them the price of happiness is too high. Perhaps the price for the wizarding world was too high, also ...] Two hours later, and Hedwig left Privet Drive heading for Flourish and Blott's. She returned that same afternoon bearing a small, book-sized package. . The following morning saw Hedwig leaving once again for Diagon Alley and the twins' shop, only to return a few hours later with yet another package and accompanied by a less distinctive owl. . The tawny owl left Privet Drive that evening bearing a package, heading due west. By the following morning, Diagon Alley was in ruins, Hogwarts was a jumble of fallen masonry and the Ministry of Magic was a 200 foot deep crater in the middle of London. Indeed, the whole of the British wizarding world was wrecked. . The aurors assigned to sifting through the remains of Malfoy Manor found a curious thing: A muggle science-fiction anthology with a bookmark at the final story, a part-eaten birthday cake and a letter to a Mr Thomas Riddle, and signed your friend, Harry Potter. Close to the strange find was a tall, handsome man, quite dead, with a faint smile still on his lips. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 32 - The One Who Lived by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 32 - The One Who Lived . -or- The Tale of The Drunken Mage . It was Halloween and Albus Dumbledore was not a happy bunny. No. he was, in fact, as unhappy as he could be. The Leader of The Light was sick. Literally. He had come down with a nasty dose of Poppins' Disease - a magical affliction that affects magicals in the same way as the common cold affects muggles. And like the common cold in muggles, Poppins' Disease has no cure other than suffering and staying warm. Albus was sat in his office, his nose swollen and glowing redly. Every few minutes, he performed what his brother described as the Foghorn Ritual - blowing his nose mightily with a great trumpeting sound and a shredding of his pocket handkerchief. His eyes, bloodshot and sore, were squinting through his drooping eyebrows and tear-splattered glasses at nothing in particular. His head was spinning from the sneezing, his ears were ringing and the headache was making his hair hurt. He took a mouthful of the hot toddy that his mother had always made. It contained cocoa, milk, cinnamon, honey, cloves, ginger and a generous dash of Captain Jack's Wizarding Rum. It took him a few moments to understand that there was an unholy shrieking coming from one of the devices in his office. It took a minute to figure out which it was as his hearing was less than stellar at the moment. It took another minute for him to decide what to do after he had realised that the wards at Godric's Hollow had been breached. He created a portkey to the cottage where the Potters were in hiding, realising that apparation in his current state was ... inadvisable. . The house was a disaster area - the upstairs back wall was blown out and there was burning wreckage spread across the vegetable garden that James had been so proud of. He entered the house through the newly expanded front doorway, spying the door where it lay against the kitchen door. He passed the last mortal remains of James Potter. Wheezing like an ancient bellows, he climbed the stairs, pausing only for his nose to be blown and for a couple of explosive sneezes. In the nursery lay a rather furious-looking Lily Potter and an equally peeved looking Alice Longbottom. Neither was moving. There in their cribs sat the Potter twins and the Longbottom twins, looking rather dumbly at the shredded remains of Lord Voldemort's favourite robes, and a rather singed-looking yew-wood wand. The four boys were surrounded by their assorted plush toys. Which one? Dumbledore wasn't sure which of the boys had ended the Dark Lord's reign. He decided that he would use the tried and trusted method of letting fate decide. He whispered, "ip, dip, sky-blue, who's it, not you ..." . A rather concussed and bleary Lily Potter opened her eyes to see the eye-watering robes of the powerful wizard, hearing his muttering as he performed some kind of ritual over the four boys. At last he finished. She croaked out, "Albus?" The aged mage turned and smiled. "Lily. Excellent. I have used an ancient ritual to determine who has succeeded in ending Lord Voldemort's reign of terror." "Who was it Albus?" The ancient mage frowned at Alice Longbottom's voice, and staggered slightly as he turned. He lurched forward and picked up a plush toy, a black grim-like dog with a well-chewed ear. Alan Potter's 'Pa'foo'. "Here is the Dog Who Lived," pronounced the rather inebriated mage. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 33 - First Words by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 33 - First Words . Harry Potter lay in the basket he had been left in when he was deposited on the doorstep of number four, Privet Drive. He was feeling peeved. He was cold, hungry, uncomfortable and he wanted his mummy. He didn't like the lady who was peering down her nose at him, and wherever he was, it smelled funny. The final straw came when a fat, red-faced man he didn't know started shouting at him. The man smelled of stale meat and smoke, and he had a revolting, hairy thing under his nose. Harry reached for the man who slapped his hand away, hurting his pudgy fingers. Screwing his face up in concentration, he thought about the scary man with red eyes, and the words he had used. Pointing his finger at the nasty, red-faced man, Harry said his first intentional words, "Avada Kavadra." . Harry Potter lay in his crib. The nice lady in the uniform smiled at him and picked him up gently. "Poor thing," she said, "to have lost your parents and then your aunt's family so soon after ..."
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 34 - The Book of Quine by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 34 - The Book of Quine . A/N: After publishing "Recursion" (Chapter 24 of this series), pfeil asked if I could manage a quine story. This is the best I could manage. Quine n. A (computer) program that upon execution will reproduce its own source code. . Hermione was browsing the shelves in the library, looking for some light reading, when her eye fell upon a slim volume - The Book of Quine. She opened it to the first page and there was a pale flash of magic, similar in colour to the text-copying spell that she used so often. Confused, she read ... Hermione was browsing the shelves in the library, looking for some light reading, when her eye fell upon a slim volume - The Book of Quine. She opened it to the first page and there was a pale flash of magic, similar in colour to the text-copying spell that she used so often. Confused, she read ... Hermione was browsing the shelves in the library, looking for some light reading, when her eye fell upon a slim volume - The Book of Quine. She opened it to the first page and there was a pale flash of magic, similar in colour to the text-copying spell that she used so often. Confused, she read ...
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 35 - Corrosive Words by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 35 - Corrosive Words . "You won't need a quill, Mr Potter, you will be using a very special one of mine." Harry picked up the black quill with its sinisterly shaped bronze nib. Not really a quill, then. A pen, of sorts. The ... thing felt greasy, rather like the diary back in second year - a sensation rather than a texture. "No, you won't need any ink, either. The quill will provide what it needs." "What will I be writing?" "I must not tell lies seems appropriate in the circumstances." "How many times?" "Until it sinks in, I think ..." Harry began writing, feeling a sharp, burning sensation on the back of his off-hand. He looked sharply at the Toad Woman. "Was there something, Mr Potter?" The simpering tone and the gleeful expression on the creatures face told him all that he needed to know as he silently looked down and continued to write. There was a faint sizzling noise as he wrote, feeling the words being carved in the back of his hand, though the sensation passed quickly - more like being stroked with a hot pin than a knife. Oblivious, Harry didn't notice the slight haze of smoke rising from the parchment as he wrote, as his blood singed the surface. He did notice that his words were becoming less and less clear, the nib seeming to become blunt and corroded. At seventeen lines, the enchanted bronze nib dissolved entirely which elicited a shriek of anger from Umbridge. "What did you do your wretched child?" She snatched the remains of the quill and was rewarded by a large splash of blood - Harry's blood. It hit her in the face. Screaming in agony with smoke pouring from where the blood had hit her, she slapped the desk and, incidentally placed her hand flat on Harry's lines. More smoke, more shrieking, an endless cacophony of screams as the witch writhed in agony on the floor of her classroom. Her movements became weaker and her screams became whimpers and finally bubbling moans. Eventually, all movement ceased, by which time Harry was sat, almost catatonic against the locked door. . Morning came and Professor McGonagall entered, having been told by Miss Granger that Harry hadn't returned after his detention with Professor Umbridge. Her unlocking charm had been overpowered and, as the door swung outwards, she saw a blank-eyed Harry Potter sat, rocking slightly, staring at the half-melted and still form of the late Dolores Umbridge. The acrid stench of melted flesh and burned feathers assaulted her nose and she had to hold down her gorge. A messenger patronus summoned both Madam Pomfrey and the Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. As they retrieved a traumatised student and the remains of the teacher, no one noticed the ash on the desk that had been, just the evening before, a parchment with seventeen iterations of I must not tell lies written on it. . "Mr Potter will make a full recovery, eventually, but I am at a loss to know what happened to ..." Pomfrey paused, deciding how to avoid the epithet she wanted to use. She continued, " ... happened to ... the Defence Teacher. She would appear to have been exposed to a large amount of Basilisk Venom ..." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 36 - An End to the Manipulation by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 36 - An End to the Manipulation . A/N: Some stories featuring a dark, conniving and meddlesome Dumbledore leave me feeling pretty cheesed off, so I thought that I'd produce the cure ... . Albus Dumbledore sat pondering all that he had achieved, and in particular all that he had achieved in connection with his weapon. As he pondered he sucked contentedly on one of his special, un-potioned lemon drops. True, he had all but drained the Potter vaults, but the weapon wouldn't need the cash since he would die at the hands of The Nemesis. All for the greater good, of course. He had managed to get the boy potioned to the gills in order to get the Weasel chit pregnant ... the Potter properties would be a nice addition to Albus' portfolio. He had managed to convince the brat that the only way to defeat The Nemesis was to die taking the so-called Lord Voldemort down. Albus chuckled at that. Lord Voldemort ... what a laugh, a completely controlled necromantic construct based around a revenant that Albus himself had created ... and controlled. Yes, his plans, decades in the making, were finally coming together. Once his weapon was dead, proving that the, and here he chuckled, the prophesy was complete and that the Potter boy was unable to take down the so-called Dark Lord, Albus would step in and finish the job. He found himself chuckling at that. As the defeater of two dark lords, he would hold an unassailable position in the minds and hearts of Wizarding Britain, and this time he would accept the position of Minister of Magic, or maybe Emperor of Magical Britain. He was giggling and chortling by now. He calmed himself and popped another lemon drop into this mouth, and considered how he would change the face of the magical world ... all for The Greater Good, of course. He went over the whole thing again, laughing uproriously as he did so, telling his enslaved Phoenix his plans and chewing his way through his lemon drops. He was feeling tired from all the laughing. He calmed down somewhat, occasionally chuckling to himself and decided to have a nightcap before retiring for the night. He sat and poured a large snifter of Brandy, one of the century old reserve taken from the Potters' place in Godric's Hollow. As he sipped the brandy, he became quite comfortably relaxed, all the tension in his muscles draining from him as the warming alcohol entered his system. In fact he felt quite ... helplessly ... relaxed ... He felt something touch his ear. For the life of him, he couldn't raise the strength to brush it away. It entered his right ear-canal and a voice whispered in his left, "you have been a naughty, naughty wizard, Albus." Albus felt a thrill of fear. He tried to turn his head, to rise, to find his wand, but ... he hadn't the strength. The voice continued, "we laced your lemon drops when we discovered the enslavement bonds on Fawkes. Of course, you won't remember a thing in a few minutes, Albus." From the corner of his paralysed eye he could see a very familiar mop of unruly, black hair. "Harry? But why?" "We know everything, Albus ... the two puppet Dark Lords, the plot to rule Magical Britain and then Europe ... your use of Nicolas Flamel's stone to keep yourself alive and unaging. The Goblins know, and have restored the contents of my vaults. Ginny, can take the pillow from up her jumper. She was quite upset with you, Albus. "Of course, Nicolas was the one to brew the potion for your dreadful sweets. He is a Master Alchemist, after all, and you are but an amateur - talented but an amateur all the same." "But they are ..." "Elixir of life, Albus. Not Balm, Potion, Posset or anything so ordinary, an Elixir. One dose is quite permanent. Nicolas and Perenelle are quite alive and well, and are looking forward to your ... punishment." "What ... ?" "Oh, that's quite simple. Have you ever read Gulliver's Travels, Albus? The Struldbrugs?" Albus paled, all sense of pleasure at his plans and dreams now gone. He lost control of his bladder, his right hand began to shake, a tremor he had never experienced before. "Yes, Albus, immortal, unendingly infirm and mentally incompetent. Your body is already severely weakened by Nicolas' potion - his gift in repayment for your theft of the stone, triggered by the brandy. My brandy, Albus ... and now I will give you my gift..." The last coherent thought that passed through Albus Dumbledore's mind was, 'oh shiiiii ... " And then he heard the words cacoblivium horribilum, and he knew no more but his eternal now.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 37 - Portkey to Heaven by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 37 - Portkey to Heaven . Harry's return to consciousness was accompanied by the feeling of being tied to a gravestone, and the foul odour of Wormtail's halitosis. Halitosis that reminded Harry of the stench of the dragon back in November. It seemed such a long time ago. Vaguely, he remembered portkeying an injured Cedric out of the maze. That seemed like weeks past. The maze. His mind wandered. A journey fuelled by the acromantula venom percolating through his system. . Ron, angry Ron who had been publicly in opposition to Harry almost all year. Ron, who had tried to find out who was responsible for putting Harry's name in the damned cup. Ron had failed, but not for want of trying. Their secret meetings with Hermione, however had been ... enlightening. Ahhh, Hermione. Lovely Hermione who had done so much research in support of Harry's tournament efforts. Hermione who had helped Harry to make sense of the journals left by his parents. . The giant, stone cauldron was starting to seethe now. Well the contents, anyway ... . Seething ... yes, that's how Harry felt when Ron asked if Harry had been studying his family magic, and the trio realised that Someone, mentioning no headmasters in particular, Someone had failed to tell Harry about that little aspect of his life. Arthur Weasley had accompanied Harry to Gringott's to see about the inheritance that he should have been able to collect when he was twelve - the Family Grimoire and his parents' journals. He discovered that his family had invented the portkey charm - and every use by the Ministry of Magic netted him seven sickles. He had found the alternate variants of the portkey charm, and had been ... practicing. That had saved a life or two ... Lily Potter's medical portkey - a combined medical stasis and portkey in one charm, combined with a sticking spell. He's cast it on Gabrielle Delacoer's robes in the middle of the Hogewarts' Lake as the girl was turning blue and was obviously in a bad way. She arrived in the medical tent and was saved by Madam Pomfrey. . Wormtail stubbed his toe on something and hopped around for a bit. . Hopping. That described the peculiar spell that Harry's father had invented. A strange spell to make a pebble hop up and forward like a tiddly wink. . "Bone of the father, you will restore your flesh" . Harry's mind wandered briefly to the events of his second year and Gilderoy Lockheart vanishing the bones in his arm. . "Bone of the idiot, you will vanish your legs," giggled Harry. . Had he just said that? . "Flesh of the servant, you will restore your master." Harry's freewheeling mind prompted him to mumble something about 'flipper of the worm' and self-abuse. His raucous laughter spoiled the whole ton of the ritual. Wormtail approached Harry, brandishing his knife. "You'll only get acromantula spit out of that one ..." Harry giggled as the blood was taken and tipped into the cauldron. Harry announced at full volume, "frying tonight!" The result of the 'fry-up' and harry had named it, stepped from the steam. A tall, unnaturally thin figure with no nose, a lipless mouth, pale, waxy skin and red eyes. The reborn Lord Voldemort summoned his faithful which was accompanied by a still-freewheeling Harry singing 'O Come All Ye Faithful' - off key, off beat and with random alternate words. Voldemort was having trouble keeping his temper, since his mortal enemy didn't seem to be treating his resurrection with the dignity it richly deserved. Then came the dual. Voldemort made the mistake of having Harry released, given his wand and forced to duel against Lord Voldemort. "Move back, and give the boy some space in which to face me." Space ... yes ...Harry's mind conjured up an image sent back from Apollo 12, a wonderful landscape of the Moon, an astronaut, the lunar lander and the Earth hanging low in the sky beyond. A peaceful place made all the more real by Harry's poisoned blood. Voldemort instructed Harry to bow. Harry fell over. "Oops. Sorry ..." He picked himself up. Voldemort cast a cruciatus and Harry dodged by falling over again. he cast his statioportus at a pebble, his mind not really connecting with reality, and that being the last proper spell he had thought about in his fugue state. He put his wand behind the pebble and flicked it with the tip of his wand, casting the pebble hopping charm at the same time. "Hoppity". The pebble sprang in the general direction of Lord Voldemort while a dozen others were magically skipped at him. Voldemort shielded himself, but the shield only stopped magically propelled projectiles. One stone got through, flicked from the end of Harry's wand. It stuck. It froze the Dark Lord mid-thought and triggered the portkey to the place Harry had visualised when he cast the spell. As he finally lost consciousness from the venom in his blood, the medical portkey he wore around his neck triggered, taking him back to Hogwarts. . Communication from Lunar Archeological Expedition, June 2157. From: Cdr Frederick Montressore, Mission Archaeologist To: Admiral Johnson, Mission Command. Subject: Apollo 12, Historical Landing Site. Admiral, we have discovered the space-dessicated remains of a non-human located some 50 metres from the base of the LEM. The remains are humanoid and somewhat reptilian in appearance. The lack of a space suit and the evidence of explosive decompression suggest that this race hay have access to force-field technology, and that said protection failed catastrophically. Lieutenant Potter has bagged up the remains for return to SpaceLab 5 for examination. End of message.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 38 - At The Hand of The Other by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 38 - At The Hand of The Other . "You have been taught to duel, boy?" Harry nodded. "Kind of..." "Good. Then you will duel me... Wormtail! Give him his wand!" Harry took his wand and faced the freshly resurrected Lord Voldemort. "First we must bow." Harry nodded peremptorily, offering the gesture but without courtesy. "No, you will bow to me, boy!" A feeling of blissful emptiness washed over Harry, but he rejected it just as he had Moody's imperius. If anything, Voldemort's imperius curse was less strong than Moody's. "Get on with it, Tom, I'm not bowing to you." Voldemort growled. "Then begin!" Harry cast the first spell, trying to summon the Dark Lord's wand. Unsuccessfully, but sufficiently to cause Voldemort's fist spell, the cruciatus, to fly amiss and to hit one of the death eaters. "Bombarda!" Voldemort batted the exploding hex away and returned with, "Avada kavadra!" Unable to dodge properly with his twisted ankle, the killing curse hit him in the arm. Harry stood there, trying to get some feeling back into his hand which was filled with pins and needles, not truly realising that he had just survived the killing curse ... again. He transferred his wand to his left hand. "Accio Tom's Robes!" Lord Voldemort was jerked forwards, toward Harry, who was planning on getting up close and personal, since he was outmatched in magic. As Voldemort arrived, Harry's right arm finally came to, and he crouched, waited and launched himself upward, powering his fist into Voldemort's solar plexus. He felt his fist enter behind the resurrected wizard's ribs. The breath was forcibly expelled from Voldemort's lungs. His chest was filled with a burning sensation/ He couldn't breathe. Blood should have been pounding in his temples, a sensation he lived for, the feeling of power as his system was flooded with adrenaline but ... nothing. The edges of his vision became dark. As his view of the world faded, he saw a green light burst from the famous scar on his nemesis' forehead. He felt his anchors to the world fading, and knew no more. As Tom Riddle slumped to the ground, watched by his inner circle, Harry stunned Wormtail, dragging him beside Cedric's body. Summoning the cup, he was whisked back to Hogwarts. . Albus Dumbledore sat in his office. The end of the Triwizard Tournament had been an absolute disaster, but for one thing, Voldemort's final defeat. He had asked Harry to share his memory of what had happened. He had watched that memory in his pensieve a dozen times, and he was sure. "And either must die at the hand of the other... " He shook his head. "I never expected any prophesy to be quite so literal." Shaking his head, he headed to his chambers. Tomorrow would be a new day, and a chance to finally build something good in the magical world. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 39 - Swallow Dive by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. Author's Note: I thought that I had posted this one a couple of years ago. I could have sworn that I had. That'll teach me not to swear. Anyway - here it is. -::::::::- Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 39 - Swallow Dive . Nymphadora Tonks was on watch-duty outside number four Privet Drive. She was on suicide watch, making sure that Harry Potter didn't do anything … silly. It was less than a week since he had seen his godfather, Sirius Black, Tonks' cousin, die by falling through the death veil under the Ministry of Magic. Less than a week since he had learned of a prophesy involving himself and Lord Voldemort. Less than a week since his friends had been hurt, some seriously, helping him try to save Sirius. It was less than a week since he had been possessed by Voldemort, too. Albus Dumbledore, in his infinite wisdom and using the usual flawed logic that he applied to anything to do with his Ultimate Secret Weapon, Harry Potter, had decreed that Harry be returned to the loving embrace of his relatives (she knew precisely what that really meant - loving like a black widow spider …). Returned and isolated from his friends and allies. Of course, the members of the Order of The Phoenix had decided to apply a slightly less flawed logic to the situation. The watchers were keyed in to a ward that Mad-Eye had cast over Mr Potter … a Dead-Man's ward, used by the aurors to monitor the life-signs of someone working under-cover. . It was gone midnight, and Tonks was starting to wilt somewhat. Her eyes were heavy and the air was chill under the light of the stars and a waning moon. It was gone midnight, and the window of the smallest bedroom in the house swung wide. A shadow climbed out and down the downspout from the roof, spider-like in its speed and quiet stealth. If she hadn't been paying attention, she would have missed it. The shadow resolved itself into the shape of a teenage wizard: Harry Potter. He was wearing his usual loose, ragged clothes and a pair of trainers held together with gaffer-tape and knotted string. He took a deep breath and started jogging toward Whinging-on-the-Hill. Tonks followed quietly under the invisibility cloak loaned to her by Mad-Eye. Twenty minutes of pavement pounding later, the wizard slowed and entered the graveyard of St Ansulph's church. The building was ancient, built of black flint cobbles with grey and cream limestone. The church-tower, a square block of masonry nearly thirty metres high stood starkly in the pale moonlight. The few seconds it took her eyes to adjust from well-lit streets to the un-lit oasis of darkness in the centre of the original village were enough for her to lose sight of her charge. A flash of a pale, bespectacled face in one of the small windows of the tower told her that Harry Potter was climbing the stairs of the tower. It took her a few precious seconds to find the cramped doorway, lost as it was in the stygian blackness of the north-side of the tower. She followed swiftly, as quietly as she could. . Tonks emerged once more into the dim moonlight to see Harry stood on the parapet of the tower, on the opposite side from the doorway in which she found herself. There was an air of calmness about the teen, what small glimpses she had of his face as he walked along the stone wall told her of a deep calmness. A calmness that was disturbing. A calmness that spoke of someone ready to die - someone wishing for death … The boy, no, the young man looked around the roof of the tower and smiled. He turned and dived from the wall. Tonks rushed across, screaming the word, "NO!" She looked over the wall and brought her wand to bear. Potter had executed a perfect swallow dive, not a manoeuvre common amongst suicides, and that gave her pause. She winced as he made contact with the ground and blinked as he disappeared, leaving the short grass rippling out from where he had disappeared. A few seconds later, Harry's head and shoulders emerged from the grass as he shook a few dry crumbs of dirt from his messy, black hair. Somehow, he boosted himself out of the ground and onto the cobbled path surrounding the church, leaving the grass-covered surface unmarked. He shook himself, more crumbs of dirt falling from his skin and clothes, as he turned and jogged out of the churchyard, turning his face once more toward Privet Drive. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 40 - The Master Of Death by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 40 - The Master Of Death . Harry Potter was no longer old, nor did truly ancient express his existence. No, he was now many thousands of times as old as the universe was when he was born. He had seen humanity rise, reach to the stars and eventually diminish, passing into the dust of the aeons. He had seen the star Sol devour her children, the planet that gave him birth. After the first three hundred years, he had tried to die. He had tried everything from poison (sour stomach for 3 weeks) to sitting in the plasma vent of an experimental rocket motor (it took six months to get his eyebrows back). Since then, he had experienced the vacuum of interstellar space (too quiet), swam in the surface of a blue giant star (noisy, hot, uncomfortable and his hair was unmanageable for months after it grew back in). Harry had whiled away his time pioneering new worlds, siring hoards of children (at least until humanity evolved beyond his genetic compatability), and worked as a diplomat, as well as an arms dealer, a mercenary and a king. Once life started becoming scarce, stars few and far between and black holes prevalent, he had become bored. He, somehow, likened it to the hours at Hogwarts when there was no schoolwork to do, the weather was too dreary to go outside, and just one more game of Wizarding Chess would make his head explode. BOR-ING! In order to pass eternity, Harry had started to sleep in more and more. The last time he had woken up, there were just a few stars left, and vast, gaping voids ruled over by the gravity-collapsed remains of a thousand billion galaxies. This time, there was nothing to see. Even the big black holes had evaporated. The universe had ended. The heat death was upon it and Harry Potter moved across the infinite lake of random photons at three point seven degrees above absolute zero. not that he cared. Time had evolved Harry Potter. He had continued to grow in magical power over the aeons, his senses had expanded to take in nuances of energy detectable only otherwise by those complex machines of Humanity's heyday. It was dark. The heat death of the universe means darkness, just the microwave background radiation left over from the evaporation of all of the matter. Uniformity ruled, unchanging and eternal. Eternal, just like that prickle just above his left knee. He needed to look at that. "LUMOS!" And there was light, lots of it. And what's more, he'd be damned if it wasn't the best light he'd ever made. He could see that it was good. A thought hit him. Great, he thought, I get to watch the whole thing over again like some kind of re-run of the universe. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 41 - The Flower He Knows Not by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. This came out of a discussion on Caer Azkaban on the topic of a Little Shop of Horrors / HP crossover and Dumbledore mishearing a certain prophesy. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 41 - The Flower He Knows Not . Harry had just finished watering the Peruvian Hollyhocks when it happened. He and his Aunt Petunia were extremely proud of these flowers - deepest purple bells surrounding stamens of incredibly bright, golden yellow, literally dripping pollen onto the ground. It was a newly introduced species, offered for the first time in Britain just this summer. . He stood back, admiring the deep green, fuzzy foliage. The glandular hairs glistening with tiny droplets of nectar to attract pollinating insects. There was a loud pop and a figure appeared in amongst the Fuchsias. A tall, black-robed figure ... ... a figure that turned slowly ... a figure that quickly raised its wand and incanted, "petrificus totalis!" The figure of Tom Riddle, better known to Harry as Lord Snakeface stalked towards him, pushing through the sticky, South American foliage which smeared the figure's exposed hands with sticky nectar, and raised a choking cloud of golden pollen. Wand pointed at Harry's chest, Voldemort took a few moments to monologue. "So, Harry Potter, you are without your wand, you are trapped before me and, in the interests of expedience, I will make this quick" Voldemort drew a deep breath, gathered his magic and quickly incanted .. "AVADA KA-CHOOOOO!" Lord Voldemort never had a chance to realise what had happened as he was reduced to an expanding cloud of ex-Dark-Lord. His departing spirit's last coherent thought was 'gesundheit!' .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 42 - Not The One by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 42 - Not The One . Voldemort raised his wand, placing it against Harry's forehead. "Ava..." The Dark Lord paused in confusion as a figure entered the clearing. A short, round figure clad in shaggy furs and with grey-brown hair and sideburns. The figure shambled over to harry and looked at him. Shaking his finger, the ... creature remarked ... "Not the one, no not the one. Zathras knows. Zathras sees. Zathras has spoken to the one, but not the one ..." It ... he shambled off, leaving a confused Harry Potter and a completely gobsmacked Voldemort. The Dark Lord looked at Harry. "Well, shite, that was unexpected. You might as well head back to the castle, Harry Potter. Bellatrix will accompany you..."
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 43 - The Chessmaster by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 43 - The Chessmaster . Dumbledore had announced the Triwizard Tournament, and Harry Potter once more felt a pool of dread in the pit of his stomach. On their way up to the Griffindor common room, Ron pulled his two friends into one of the disused classrooms. "You know what this means, don't you?" "Yeah Mate, you're going to be competing in this stupid tournament whether you want to or not. The gold's not to be sneezed at, but the rest? People have died in this tournament – they stopped it because the last three times it happened no one won because they all died." "Ronald, you're plotting something, aren't you?" The redhead nodded. "You'll find out when it happens. Both of you, but I'm apologising in advance – it won't be pretty." . "How could you? You never thought to let me put my name in as well, you git!" Ron continued ranting, never letting Harry get a word in edgeways until Harry left in a huff and went to bed. . As Harry sat on his bed, he could feel something under his bedsheet. Exploring with his hand he found a parchment with Ron's splattered chicken-scratch scrawl. Harry, I know you didn't do it, but by distancing myself from you I may be able to get information to help you. THEY won't be as careful around me if they think we're no longer friends. I've sent a similar note to Hermione. If I don't find anything by the first task, then I'll apologise and we can work together openly. I have your back from the shadows. Take care. Your friend, Ron
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 44 - Rough Justice by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 44 - Rough Justice . Harry Potter regarded the former head of the Muggleborn Registration Commission with some considerable distaste. The toad-like witch had, somehow, slipped through the net. While all of Voldemort's Death Eaters had been permanently dealt with, and the vast majority of his willing collaborators imprisoned - or worse, this foul creature had, somehow escaped being served a portion of Justice. After the end of Voldemort's second blood war, Harry had worked with the Aurors capturing and prosecuting the war criminals and trying to maintain ordwer while the British wizarding world was rebuilt. During that time, he had come to know Luna Lovegood quite well, and they had been dating for three years now. Three years, until Delores Umbridge decided that she was going to have some revenge upon Harry for spoiling her fun. He recalled the insane delight she had expressed while sentencing muggleborns to the extermination camps during the war. Like Mengele, she had overseen research into how to take back the magic that the muggleborn witches and wizards hads supposedly stolen from the purebloods. The so-called research had resulted in the deaths of thousands, the torture of twice as many and resulted in the reduction of the magical population of Britain to barely a viable number. . Her reign of horror had resulted in the extinction of the centaurs of the Forbidden Forest, the death of the merfolk in Hogwarts' Black lake and the destruction of the only habitat containing wild unicorns in Britain. And yet, somehow, she had oozed through the fingers of the DMLE, supported, presumably through the patronage of the inbred purebloods who still held on to their bigoted mind set, and the balance of power. Now, she had committed her final act of evil. She had, with the aid of several purebloods dressed as aurors, performed some kind of mental modification on Harry's girlfriend. No longer was Luna a cheerful, open-minded young woman with not a single prejudiced bone in her body - no, Delores Umbridge had warped Harry's Luna into a a shrewish, bigoted bloodhead with a hatred of anything not a pureblooded, entirely human, white-skinned witch or wizard. She had tried to kill Harry when she next saw him, had tried to curse Kingsley Shacklebolt for not being a white pureblood. She attacked Hermione with her hands because her wand had been taken. Now Luna was kept sedated in the secure unit at Saint Mungo's. . Given an Open Warrant of Execution by Kingsley, the Minister for Magic, Harry had tracked the toad all the way across Britain, finally catching up with her in Grimpen Mire on Dartmoor. It seemed that her family home was one of the hidden wizarding houses in the all but trackless marshes that had swallowed so many travellers across the centuries. The witch was currently unconscious and bound on the floor of her ... home. Ironic, Harry thought, that the witch who had been so proud of her pureblood heritage lived in a hovel even more disgusting than the Gaunt Shack where Voldemort's mother had been raised. The granite walls were solid, but lacking mortar, leaked dampness from the persistent wind, rain and fog. The earthen floor was slick with muddy water, evidence of the current level of the marsh outside the rotting door. The roof, Harry found to be somewhat quaint, being corbled slabs of granitecovered in so much moss and grass that the whole building blended into the landscape. . Harry regarded the unconscious lump of flab. He wasn't looking forward to interrogating her, but it had to be done. The Open Warrant gave Harry the right to execute sentence on the witch howsoever he wished - the only restriction was that the sentence was final and permanent. It was a barbaric custom, little more than legalised revenge, but there again, the the wizarding world still hung on to the concept of weregelt or blood price. For once, Harry was glad that the Open Warrant was still used. He levitated the fat witch and stuck her to the wall after re-binding her. A petrificus totalis ensured her compliance as he ennervated her. A piece of muggle duct tape ensured her silence, but only after six drops of justice juice had been dripped onto her tongue. Justice Juice, an invention of a German potions master was a concoction that acted as a powerful truth serum but at the same time induced a slight fugue state while lowering any occlumantic shields of the person dosed with it. Umbridge started ranting behind the duct tape across her mouth, and then became ... quiescent. The whites of her eyes turned a pale purple, a sign that the potion was active. Harry put a potion vial to his lips and drank the vile content. Another imported idea, this time a memory enhancement potion linked with a calming draught. With it, an auror could legillimise a suspect and download memories for a pensieve without becoming too distraught. "Legilimens!" Harry entered the cesspool that was Delores Umbridge's mind. He had about six hours before the potion wore off, and he intended to answer every question about every missing person that he could. It was dark when he exited the foul creature's mind. He had discovered her manipulation and mind modification of so many pureblood witches and wizards - dating to her time as the Hogwarts High Inquisitor. The mind healers at St Mungo's were going to be doing a lot of overtime soon. Now came the part that Harry was waiting for - the Execution of Sentence. . Delores woke, aching and cold on the wet floor of her family's home. She felt nauseous from hunger. Vaguely, she remembered some auror cornering her and ... questioning her about something. Since she was still here, the auror must have been satisfied with her answers. She scourgified her clothes and cast a warming charm on herself before apparating to her cosy rooms at Diametric Alley - just off Diagon. . After a bath, putting on clean clothes and fixing a bow in her hair, she set off to Gringotts in ordwer to retrieve some money for a meal. The streets were, for the most part, empty at this time of the evening. She climbed the steps of the marble building, all the while feeling increasingly apprehensive. Entering the bank, she saw those horrid creatures with their nasty, pointy teeth and scritchy, grasping claws. She saw their shifty, beady, black eyes and their disgusting, pointy noses. Her breath quickened and caught in her throat, her pulse raced and her vision became tunnelled. She approached a free teller. As the goblin looked up, she shrieked and ran back out of the bank, not stopping until she reached the archway that gave access to The Leaky Cauldron. The handful of sickels she had would buy her whatever was on the menu here, and a drink of some sort. Entering the crowded bar, her panic rose once more. She saw Draco Malfoy sitting, talking with that filthy mudblood Granger. She started shrieking abuse at the man. As all eyes swung toward her, her panic reasserted its dominance, and she fled once more. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 45 - A Solution to the Question of Male Veela by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 45 - A Solution to the Question of Male Veela . "And this is something to do with the Veela thing?" Lucius Malfoy nodded. "Yes, it is to do with my family's veela heritage." Harry gave the Malfoys, father and son, a look so old fashioned that it was antedeluvian. "I thought so. And you are both male veela? And you, Mr Malfoy, want me to bond with your son Draco, is that right?" "Yes." "I just needed to make sure. Please come over and stand in the runic circle so that we can perform the Rite of Binding." The two Malfoys entered the circle, just as Lucius asked, "bonding, surely?" The circle flared with a pale blue light, inextricably dividing what was outside of the circle from what was, undeniably, inside. "No, Mr Malfoy, I didn't mis-speak, which is why you are inside the circle, while I remain outside." Harry wandered over to a lectern and opened a book. Well, not so much a book as a Tome, with a capital T. "For your information, Mr Malfoy, a male veela is correctly known as an Incubus, and when he impregnates a woman, she acts purely as a host to the implanted homunculus, a clone of the father, which is obviously the case of you and Draco here. "I was raised in a God-fearring household - and, while it was hardly a welcoming family I lived with, Vernon taught me well." From behind the lectern were brought three tall, pale candles of palest beeswax; they were placed equidistant around the rune circle in which the Malfoys were trapped. A small, black bell was placed on the lecturn. "This bell is made of a material called Octiron - it is highly magical, and can only be itself affected by magic when it is molten. It was cast in the year 727 by Saint Bede at the monastery of Saint Peter at Monkwearmouth. The candles have been blessed by a muggle gentleman by the name of Robert Runcie." Harry regarded the pair before adding, "the text is an original copy of Saint Edmund Rich's Speculum Demoniae as penned in 1238, in Abingdon. It has been in my mother's family for centuries." "What are you doing, boy?" The non-human modulations of the senior Malfoy's voice were obvious. "You will forgive me if this takes a while as I have never performed a Great Dismissal before, only minor exorcisms ..." . Two hours later, a tired, smiling, sweat-soaked, soot-blackened Harry Potter emerged from the Room of Requirement carrying a large book, an octiron bell and the stubs of three candles. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 46 - Harry Potter - Immortal by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. This is the beginning of a Harry Potter / Highlander / Discworld crossover. It may be continued. Or not. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 46 - Harry Potter - Immortal . Prologue The Pythoness inhaled the smoke from the censer. Her eyes crossed comically as she began to cough. In the back of her mind, she saw future generations going through this ritual after inhaling the smoke from small sticks placed between their lips. She focused and spoke: "Ο Χάρι Πότερ θα πρέπει να επιταχυνθεί μέσω της τυχαίας τεμαχισμό ενός αρχαίου κακού. Θα νικήσει ένα σκοτεινό ον και να σπείρει το χάος σε ολόκληρη τη γη. Ο Δίας μας προστατέψει από τις μηχανορραφίες του την τύχη, γιατί ο Χάρι Πότερ δεν θα." The words that spilled from her lips made precisely no sense. She coughed a few more times and realised that she suddenly had a case of the munchies. For some reason her mind suddenly fixated on a box filled with yellow grains supporting coarsely diced meat and a pungent sauce that made her eyes water. "Θα μπορούσα να δολοφονήσει πραγματικά ένα κάρι τώρα", she said, wondering what this 'curry' might actually be. -::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::- Google translate said: Harry Potter will be quickened through the accidental slicing of an ancient evil. He will defeat a dark being and sow chaos across the land. May Zeus preserve us from the machinations of the fates, because Harry Potter will not. and I could really murder a curry right now -::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::- 1. The Quick and the Dead His name was Victor Kreuger. While he looked ragged in his features, wild eyed and cruel, he also looked to be no older than his mid forties. He had, in fact, celebrated his three thousandth birthday just a few decades back - a celebration that saw the extinction of a small town in Azerbaijan; a town not five miles from where he had been born, and centred on the place where he had experienced his first death. The place where he had erased the rest of his cruel tribe from history. He was, in his usual way, seeking out young immortals, intent on feeding upon their vital energies, their quickening. Victor, otherwise known as The Kurgan, was currently stalking a young woman in southern England, in what he considered the most gods forsaken place in the universe. He knew that he was by no means a sophisticated critic of modern style, but he had managed to become lost several times in the mind-numbing uniformity of Little Whinging. He, even through the eyes of a blood-thirsty, cruel product of a cruel, harsh and bloody tribe, could see that razing this mess of humanity could only improve the world. He shook his head at the strange and alien thoughts running through his ancient synapses. If he started thinking like that then he would lose his edge. He found his prey, a girl of perhaps ten winters. Blonde, willowy and currently being taunted by a fat kid with several mean-faced friends. He silently nodded in approval, though his tacit acceptance of the boys' behaviour wouldn't save their lives. He stealthily approached. Swinging his sword, a backhanded blow took the lives of two of the boys, a thrust pierced the heart of the girl and ... the fat kid had fainted. The Kurgan shrugged. He could see the girl begin to re-animate after her first death. She sat up and looked at her upcoming death. A red and chrome flash and her head sprang from her neck. The Kurgan drank the force of her immature Quickening. Little more than a snack, but important to him. His eyesight cleared and he saw a messy-haired kid trying to move the unconscious lump who had fainted. He swung his sword. The boy leapt back, faster than the Kurgan's eye could follow, and raised both hands, clawed as though to sieze something. He drew back his sword. A wordless cry of anger and defiance amused The Kurgan for a moment. Amazed and more than a little surprised, Victor Kreuger's head slipped from his shoulders, his last sight being the flash of magic that had taken his life. Taken his Quickening. . The energies released hit the eight year old Harry Potter like a series of lightning strokes, blackening the ground and the walls of the alleyway. Painful, yes, but at the same time, he felt for the first time that he was completely alive. Well, alive until he passed out. The memories, on the other hand ... . When he awoke, Dudley had run off, leaving Harry with the last mortal remains of four people. In an attempt to avoid more trouble than he was already in, he, too, took off, albeit unsteadily. He ran blindly, not noticing when he crossed the main road without looking. A thump and a sound like a sack of cabbages hitting the road, and Harry Potter was dumped from the front of a truck into the middle of the road. The resilience of youth, the durability of his magic and the strength of the Quickening inside him, and Harry Potter picked himself up, feeling his bones knitting and his joints relocating, and he continued running the way he had before. . A tall, shadowy figure nodded to itself as it leaned on its scythe. That, it thought, would fix the cheating Tom Riddle's truck, would wind up the interfering old fool and, incidentally, got rid of one of his most trying non-clients. An hourglass was inspected. A roughly hewn lump of stone with two cloudy glass bulbs, the sand now all in the bottom bulb. A name engraved in the stone using a type of cuneiform read KURGAN. Yes, all-in-all, a good day's work. A small, intricately carven hourglass was summoned. HARRY POTTER was engraved in flowing script. The figure considered the object. There was sand in the upper bulb. It was divided horizontally: the lower part giving rise to a trickle flowing steadily ... but the upper of the two volumes, above a slowly expanding gap, simply did not flow. The grin on the figure's ... face ... somehow contrived to get wider. Yes, he thought, a truly excellent day's effort. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 47 - Trolls in The Dungeon by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 47 - Trolls in The Dungeon . The main doors of the Great Hall slammed open as the Defense teacher ran in. "Trolls! Trolls in the dungeon!" Professor Quirrell appeared to trip and slid the rest of the way up to the staff table just as most of the candles went out. There was a shocked silence ... *CLINK!* Silence reigned for a moment more. *CLINK!* *CHUNK!* Silence - and the students realised that it sounded like rocks being knocked together. *CLINK!* *CHUNK! Chunk!* Tuned rocks. *CLINK!* *CHUNK! Chunk!* *Waiooooo-wah!* It sounded like someone was torturing a guitar. A BIG guitar. *CHUNK! CHUNK! CLUNK!* *Bai-eeeee-Whamm-wam-wam-wam Aioooooo-ah* The candles close to the doors re-lit, revealing four massive figures wearing black denim loin-cloths and painted from head to toe with urban camouflage body paint. "Gruüd effening Hogh-warttz!" The sudden screams of the students just encouraged the quartet to start their first set. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 48 - Halloween Betrayal by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 48 - Halloween Betrayal . "Bugger!" A refined voice, rich and mellow, cursed quietly as its owner arrived outside the cottage. A less cultured voice whinged, "it wasn't me, Lord ..." "I know it wasn't. We must hurry ..." The two figures, one tall, the other shorter - dumpy and somewhat hunched on itself - hurried up the garden path. "Not only are the wards gone, but the Fidelius is shattered ... who ... ?" The taller figure entered the house through the remains of the front door. "Scheisse!" There in the destroyed front room lay the body of James Potter, surrounded by the spell-shattered furniture just, some of which was partially transfigured into ... creatures. "Check him!" The smaller figure quickly approached the body. A shake of the head confirmed their worst fears. The man cast a diagnostic spell, barely a murmur of bad latin. A second diagnostic was cast. "He lives, Lord, but ..." He shrugged. He didn't understsnd what his spell was telling him. Debris shifted somewhere upstairs. "Shit! Shitshitshitshit ..." The voice now carried a hint of the London Docklands in its accent. Long legs swiftly climbed the damaged and debris strewn stairs. A pale wand was held at the ready in a tense grip. The upstairs of the cottage was like a war zone - what wasn't scorched was shattered, and the fading spell residues had warped the wreckage into wholly unnatural shapes. "Holy shit! Buggrit all to hell!" All trace of refinement was gone, now. The time for manners was gone and the time for anger was now. There in the child's nursery was a body. Lily Potter. "Dammit dammit dammit!" A deep breath and calm was established momentarily. Some murmured Latin was followed by, "what the flaming Hell?" . The smaller figure arrived to see his master holding the child who was sobbing quetly, but calming quickly. The lights in the nursery were lit with a wand gesture, revealing something that neither wizard really understood. Their examination of the scene was interrupted by the sound of an approaching motorbike. The engine reached a pitch and stopped. "James! Nooooo!" Feet thundered up the stairs and Sirius Black arrived. "Wormtail, you traitorous ... " A purple hex was thrown at the smaller figure, only to be deflected by the other, followed by a body-bind. "It wasn't Peter, and it wasn't me. The wards were down and the Fidelius shattered when we arrived - about fifteen minutes ago. Something is far from right. The Potters live, but I don't know what has been done to them. Young Harry, here, is fine." Lord Voldemort leaned close enough that Sirius Black could see the sleeping infant who was drooling slightly over the Dark Lord's ... jacket? "Now, are you willing to behave in a civilised manner while we investigate, and try to figure out how to revive your friends?" Sirius' facial muscles relaxed. "Good. Ssshth'hhshchh." The Parseltongue spell ended the body-bind. . The three wizards examined what they could - including the empty robes that lay crumpled on the nursery floor. Robes that gave off the foul sense of darkest evil. Even Voldemort, dark lord and master of dark magics felt repelled. Casting forensic charms revealed the residues of only one magic user, the whole scene had been staged by one person - including at least three killing curses, several cruciatuses and other unwholesome magics. Lily and James were both portkeyed away while Sirius and Peter packed what they could of the family's belongings. Before the three left with young Harry, they set fire to the cottage in order to destroy the dark residues left by whoever had entered the cottage earlier that evening. As they left by portkey, a half giant arrived, shouting for James and Lily. Of course, there was no one in the building living or dead. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 49 - Young Dolores by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 49 - Young Dolores . Dolores sat alone and crying in the seconf floor girls' bathroom. That pig of a boy, James Potter had insulted her, calling her ugly. She knew that she wasn't pretty like most of the other girls in her dorm. At best, she would be called homely. At leasy she wasn't disfigured like that Yaxley girl with the pug nose and the drooping eyelids and lips. And at that point, she decided that she would be pretty at least once in her life. . It had taken her six months and htree attempts to get the potion right. Polyjuice was a difficult potion, and a restricted one, too. She had brewed it in the second floor girls' loo, and now it was ready. She had collected a few hairs from Natalie Irons' hairbrush. Unfortunately, she had had to get rid of Frank Longbottom's bloody toad in order to get them. Why natalie allowed the damnable thing to roam her dorm room she would never know. A couple of hairs and the polyjuice potion seethed and bubbled before turning a mottled brownish yellow. She drank the disgusting stuff ... it tasted like raw sewerage combined with unwashed socks and, perhaps, a hint of armpit. The painful bubbling and seething of her skin ended and she looked into the mirror ... . Dolores woke in the hospital wing. She raised her hand ... well, it wasn't a hand any more ... that damned toad must have been scratching itself on that hair brush, and had managed to coat everything with its slimy skin. A small, sane part of her mind knew that she would never look quite the same again ... .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 50 - On the Naming of Names by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Warning for gratuitous name-calling. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 50 - On the Naming of Names What if the purebloods were less confrontational, and what if their names were originally related to their trades or other, personal characteristics? . The express had been travelling for about half an hour when the blond kid from Madam Malkin's slid open the compartment door and did a double take. "Morning, Dickweasel ..." "Morning, Maladept." "Ummm ... I thought that you were a Weasley ... ?" The blond sat. "I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy ..." Ron choked a bit, earning a glare from the now named Malfoy. "And you are?" He looked pointedly at Harry. "I'm Harry Potter ..." "Oh, a Wormward!" "What?" "Oh yes, you're muggle raised. Look, you see, many wizarding families have updated their names over the centuries - but generally, we took our names from some family characteristic. We Malfoys were known as Maladept because as metamorphs, shape changers, we tended to be clumsy. That particular ... curse ... hasn't been seen in the family for three centuries, though - it ended up in the Black line ..." He trailed off, a look of horror growing on his face ... "Well, shyte ... my mother was a Black ..." Harry looked at Ron. "And you?" "Fertility mages were known as Dickweasels ... and, well, there's a reason that I have five brothers." "What about ... Wormwood, was it?" "Wormward. The Potter family were originally curse-breakers and ward breakers." The look on Draco's face had receded rather, by now. He remarked, as an example, "The Dumbledores were, and still are, famous bee keepers and makers of fine meads. The Headmaster's brother makes a mead ale on his premises that is world famous." Ron nodded. "Dad brought some back for us to try. 's good stuff." "Then there are the muggleborn, they are properly known as Moot Bloods, because what their skills are is still unknown, and may be for at least a few generations. Most purebloods think that the word is Mudblood, which is just plain rude ..." "So what is a pureblood?" "Ah, it's someone whose bloodlines and therefore their intrinsic skills are well documented. Your mother, Lily, was a moot blood, but she was incredibly talented with rune magic, which fits in nicely with your own family line ..." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 51 - In the 23rd Century by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 51 - In the 23rd Century . "Right," said an excited Hermione, "once the time jump initiates you will have approximately 24 hours in which to investigate Godric's Hollow before you are pulled back here. Good luck, Harry." And with that, she was gone to her workstation. A minute later, Harry Potter was flung out into the time stream, back to the day that his parents died, twenty five years before his departure. He was dressed in a high tech flight suit designed to keep him safe from the environment of the non-space through which he was travelling. . A sharp moment of disorientation, and Harry Potter arrived in Godric's Hollow on the day of Halloween 1981. As he looked around, some instinct told him to keep his helmet closed. He stood, not on the outskirts af a sleepy village, but on the edge of a glass-lined crater. A crater part-filled with yellowish-orange water and easily a mile across. "Tempus praecise est!" Glowing symbols danced before Harry's eyes. 14:24:33 UTC 31 Oct 2256 Harry apparated to Diagon Alley. There was nothing here other than the tumbled ruins of a long-lost city. Gringotts was a heap of pale rubble, weathered and etched by toxic rains, the Leaky Cauldron no more than a heap of scattered bricks. Beyond the limits of the alley stood the skeletal fingers of what had once been London, now broken and twisted wreckage with the steelwork of the towers exposed and rusting. . Hogwarts had fared no better. The castle was gone, the rocky crag on which it had been built was nothing more than a glass-topped lump. The forbidden forest had been replaced by the twisted and blackened remains of trees, and the lake was a lifeless yellow surface littered with the remains of former plant life. With a jerk, Harry realised he had seen no sign of any life since his arrival. Not a green plant, not an animal, nothing. He walked into the carbonised remains of the forest and approached the forest entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. The door was broken, laying at an angle below the yawning darkness of the tunnel. He entered, lighting his way with a whispered lumos. As he reached the chamber itself, he saw the first evidence of human life, the dessicated remains of what had, presumably, been students, or refugees. There, on the wall was an inscription which he read. At that moment he felt the hook of being returned to his point of origin. . He arrived, shocked, to the sound of blaring alarms. He was hosed down, scrubbed, scourgified and carefully stripped from his suit. He was then examined, dosed, diagnosed and healed of the extensive radiation damage he had sustained while away in time. He was then debriefed. "What went wrong, Harry?" The shocked wizard murmured a reply, " I was sent to Halloween in 2256. There was nothing ..." It took ages for him to get to the final message in the chamber of secrets. "We have fity years to prepare, Hermione. Just fifty years. This is bigger than what we were after, Hermione." "Why? What?" "Aliena venerunt, viderunt, destruxisti nos. Sic transit gloria homo, Samhain 2056." Hermione and the other unspeakables mentally translated the words ... Aliens came, they saw, they destroyed us. Thus ends the glory of man. Halloween 2056 .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 52 - Shadows by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. . This is the opening scene for a crossover that sprang to mind - and was prompted by Hermione's last words in the scene. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 52 - Shadows . Percy Weasley was being particularly obnoxious as the four champions were waiting for the start of the final event of the Triwizard Tournament, and Harry was beginning to see red. Strangely, he could see that Fleur Delacour and Viktor Krum were both having trouble reigning in their ire. Even Cedric, the Hufflepuff, the most cool-headed person Harry had ever known was looking angrily at the ministry's officious official. Harry had never taken the Weasleys to be blood-heads - well, apart from their accountant cousin, and that was merely shock at the man leaving to study at a muggle college. "The Hogwarts Champion and the Half-Blood will enter first, followed by the Durmstranger half-blood and the Beauxbatons half-breed ..." There was a chorus of gasps from the three school heads as well as from the champions and the crowd. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw both Malfoys mouths open in shock. neither looked terribly pleased with what they had heard. "... and if YOU survive, you will be arrested for crimes against the ministry, Potter!" At this, Harry's vision darkened to a red-tinted tunnel, his rage now exploding out of him with a burst of undirected, uncontrolled magic that threw the red-head across the podium. Harry's wand whipped out, and he cast a the enemy repelling hex, relashio, at the ministry idiot. The spell hit and there was a ripple behind the idiot. "Reducto!" Harry's smashing curse hit an object that was currently invisible, it wavered and flickered, giving the impression of angles and legs. "Confringo! Statio! Mutandio!" Harry had never seen Professor Dumbledore use offensive magic, and had never heard him vocalise a spell. Ever. The blasting curse hit whatever it was, and it became partially visible. The time-freezing spell froze the ... whatever ... The battle transfiguration had no apparent effect other than to make the ... thing ... visible. There was a sharp intake of breath and Igor Karkarov, former Death eater stepped forward, and cast a killing curse at the ... creature. Emerald green blossomed around it, but there seemed to be no effect. By this time, Percy had recovered, and was attacking. He, too, was flickering somewhat, giving glimpses of a dark-haired man, shorter than the Weasley. Instead of a wand, he was holding some kind of pistol. Viktor Krum and Harry reacted at the same time. Harry's confringo, weak as it was, impacted the man's abdomen at the exact moment that Viktor's reductor hit the pistol. A dark-haired, dark eyed man landed on the ground and lay there, his left hand reduced to shreds and bleeding from his belly. He moved fitfully, but was obviously out of the game. "Petram terebro!" Albus Dumbledore did something no one present had ever witnessed, he shouted a rock-drilling spell, putting all of his considerable magic behind it. The dull, purple beam of magic impacted the carapace of the creature, and a hole an inch in diameter penetrated it, to a depth of about four inches. The headmaster stood, panting and pale, and looked at Harry. "Mr Potter, would you do the honours, please. The sword will come to you at need." Harry blinked, and then he held out his hand, hoping, praying and begging for the Sword of Gryffindor to come to him. CLUNK! The sword appeared, but Harry's wrist was too weak to catch it, and the point hit the podium, digging out a divot of wood. He approached the ... thing. He swung the sword, and it bit into the carapace, and then bounced off. Shrugging, he shoved the tip of the sword into the hole that the headmaster had made, and pushed with all of his might. A moment's resistance, and the sword entered the body, breaking the stasis. It screeched an unholy noise, a sound not unlike nails on a chalkboard. It spasmed and lay still, finally fading into complete visibility. It was black, a light swallowing, metallic obsidian. It was all angles, with legs made seemingly from spikes and points. there was a body and a head rising from the point of attachment of the six legs, and two spidery arms with long-fingered, clawed hands, well manipulators. It appeared somewhat mantis-like, but a mantis from a nightmare, an insectoid form that had no part of the natural world. There was silence, broken by the sound of Hermione Granger quietly saying, "Oh, that's not good. That's going to really hack someone off." She looked up at Albus Dumbledore, and said loudly, "Headmaster, someone is going to have to go and tell it to the Vorlons." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 53 - The Cottage by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. This is a start for a story that takes place after Deathly Hallows. Where it would go from here, I have no idea at all. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 53 - The Cottage . Harry looked at the gravestone through misty eyes. He had last been here that night with Hermione. Now, he had returned to pay his respects to his parents, and to finally say goodbye to them. "Hi Mum, hi Dad. Well, we did it ..." There was a soft footstep behind him, and he spun to face the potential threat. Harry relaxed when he saw that it was a clergyman. "Hi, I was just ..." "Paying your respects to the dead. Yes. I was hoping that I might meet you. Harry, isn't it?" Harry nodded. "Yes, how ... ?" " ... did I recognise you? You are the spitting image of James and yet you have Lily's eyes. Who else could you be but their son?" The priest regarded Harry for a brief moment before continuing, "I am particularly glad to meet you, to tell you about your parents, if you wish." Harry nodded. "I would like that, if you would be willing?" The elderly man nodded. "Let us walk. There are many ... interesting individuals buried here in Goodrich's Hollow. The village used to be called Godric's Hollow, you know?" Harry looked startled. "I have only ever heard it called Godric's Hollow before ..." The old man nodded. "People have a long memory and a resistance to change." As they walked, Harry learned a number of things about his parents as people and not as former students, war heroes or members of The Order. " ... such a shame that the house was destroyed so thoroughly that they never retrieved your parents' remains, Harry. While this is where their memorial stands, they were never found." Harry was confused. He had seen his parents' cottage, ruined and overgrown. A sneaking suspicion passed through his mind: Had he actually seen the cottage at all? In time, Harry managed to part from the priest and went to see his original home. . Harry crossed the muggle-repelling wards and there it was, the tumbled and shattered shell of a two-story cottage, fire blackened and overgrown with ivy and an old Virginia Creeper, surrounded by a weed-filled garden. It was no different from when he had visited in the winter. As he turned away, it hit him. It was no different, apart from a crisp layer of snow and the leaves of the hedges and trees, there was no difference. He realised, suddenly, that the Virginia Creeper had been in full foliage in the middle of the winter. A plant that was famous for its autumn colours before losing its leaves was in full foliage. Reaching out with his senses, he walked around the plot. There was the tingle of the wards, but that didn't explain the somewhat dimensionless impression that the ruined and tumbledown house gave. The rubble, somehow, failed to give the impression that it had once been a house. A few well-placed cutting charms pruned the overgrown hedge from around the back gate. Lubricating and cleaning charms freed the hinges and latch, and Harry passed through the Ministry wards unnoticed, entering from the direction that family would use. As he approached the house, he felt a repelling ward try to push him away. Knowing that he belonged here, the ward was easily ignored, and then he was to the back door. From this vantage point, the house looked a lot less damaged than it did from the front, and there seemed to be less ivy and creeper, but since this was the north wall, that may be to be expected. A palm laid flat on the door as to push it open, and Harry had a surprise. The wards were still active. Not the ministry wards, but the house wards - family wards. He felt them reach out to him and ... envelop him; welcoming him home. The lock clicked and the door swung open. Harry entered. This was not the house he had seen from the outside. The paintwork was fresh and new, the windows unbroken, the sink clean and the crockery un-shattered. His mind whirring, Harry opened the door into the rest of the house. As he stepped into the hallway, there was an envelope pinned to the wooden door of the understairs cuboard. "ALBUS" was written in what Harry took to be his mother's handwriting. He snatched the envelope and opened it, and greedily read the letter addressed to his late mentor. Dear Albus, If you are reading this letter, then the worst has happened and He has come for us. I have been doing some work on the killing curse, and have discovered something that may save all our lives, and particularly Harry. As soon as you read this, I want you to find our bodies and cast the Vitus Temporus Accelleranditus charm on us. If I am wrong, then it will make no difference. If I am correct, then you will see for yourself. Please hurry, as time is truly of the essence. Lily Harry knew what the charm was, and could even cast it, but had no idea why his mother has asked that of Dumbledore. A spell to speed up the rising of dough or the aging of wine, of all things? He walked into the front of the cottage to find ... A gasp of shock and a wave of nausea as he realised that there lay the bodies of his parents, covered by a curtain, just as Hagrid had told him. Determined to see things through, he flicked back the cloth, and was shocked to see not the grinning face of long death, but the fresh and uncorrupted faces of his parents, looking as though they had just fallen asleep. And Harry knew what the house wards were. "Stasis wards ..." He assumed that the wards had activated as soon as he had been taken from the house. A catch in his throat and two cries of "Vitus Temporus Accelleranditus" saw his magic flare around the bodies of his parents. After a second, he shrugged, seeing no change. And then he thought he saw a hitch in his mother's chest ... A twitch of an eye, a flicker of movement in a finger and then, suddenly, the two Potters once more drew breath.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 54 - Dementors by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 54 - Dementors . The weather was, as it had been for the past 70 years, painfully hot. The rampant, runaway greenhouse effect had finally kicked into high gear in 2025, and now Britain was a tropical paradise ... or, as most Britons would put it, too bloody hot. The hosepipe ban of 2018 had yet to be lifted, and solar-powered air conditioning had been fighting a losing battle against the furnace-like climate for years. Hermione was going to visit her friend. She hadn't seen Harry for weeks, maybe months. Ever since he retired from professional quidditch, he had been tinkering with some kind of technomantic ... stuff. She knocked and waited for an answer. She wandered around the back of the house in Godric's Hollow, and found the back door unlocked. Opening the door, she stuck her head in to call out ... ... and paused. The temperature in Harry's kitchen was, if anything, chilly, as though he'd left a walk-in freezer open. She entered, calling out. She heard Harry call back from the basement that he had dug. Going down the stairs, she found Harry working on some kind of cabinet ... it went from floor to ceiling, there were air-ducts emerging from it and a set of massive fans on one side. Unbelievably, there was ice on some of the ducts. "What are you doing?" Harry grinned. "I think I finally got the thermostatic controls working, Hermione." "What is it Harry?" "I finally found a use for the dementors." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 55 - The Last Laugh by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 55 - The Last Laugh . Wormtail's messenger patronus bounded through the wall of the cottage at Godric's Hollow. "The Dark Lord will be coming for you tonight. Take care. I'll see you afterward." Four evil smiles blossomed on the faces of the occupants of the cottage. They had been planning this for ages; since, in fact, Dumbledore had told them of the prophesy. Harry, on the other hand, just giggled at the ghostly cavy. The day was filled with activity, transfiguration, brewing and enchanting. As dusk fell, all was ready and they waited - Padfoot and Moony in the study, Lily upstairs with Harry, and James in the main room of the cottage. Ten o'clock arrived with a crash as the front door was blasted off of its hinges. James shouted, "It's him. Lily, take Harry and run!" He tried to act surprised and sound panicked, but it came out wrong. Still, Voldemort didn't seem to notice, being set on his errand of murder. The first curse that the dark lord sent was a blasting spell which James Potter dodged by diving over the sofa ... and that left him with the cover to start the pre-prepared defences running. The first wave of effects, targeted roughly where Voldemort was standing, showered him in glue, feathers and then flour. A spark ignited the flour, causing a small explosion. That was followed by rude noises, flashing lights, confetti, a thousand cotton balls (assorted, neon colours), dung bombs and assorted potions and prank hexes. Lord Voldemort, now wearing tie-died robes, sporting moose-antlers and bunny ears and wearing bright-red swim fins was almost apoplectic. He cast a killing curse at James, who blocked it with a summoned ottoman filled with sand. To get a better angle, Voldemort took a pace forward, and then another as James retreated. The sofa and chairs suddenly transformed into large, brightly painted boxes. The tops burst open almost together, revealing them to be Jack-in-a-boxes. Five Mr Punch heads sprang aloft with wheezing shrieks, somewhat surprising the dark wizard. Voldemort was confused, this was not how people died at his hand. Nothing, so far, had been deadly, nor even vaguely dangerous. He was pelted by a stream of flowers from a vase, which he stopped with a reductor curse, showering him in broken vase and a large number of mousetraps, al, of which started triggering as they hit him. And then, more glue and feathers just before the lights went out. An anti-magic ward went up. Nothing that would slow Lord Voldemort for more than a couple of seconds, but ... A light appeared in the open archway that gave access to the dining area. A pale, bluish light, sick and wan ... not sufficient to illuminate, more to accent the darkness. A chill wind sprang up as ice began to form on the few surfaces visible in the slight light. A rolling fog spread across the floor and Voldemort was aware of his breath hanging in front of his face. The temperature dropped further, and a figure emerged from the fog. Taller than James Potter. Taller, even, than the Dark Lord, but shrouded in the shadows of the nightmare that the cottage had become ... A sudden light and the echoing sound of sick laughter froze the Dark Lord, as it revealed the identity of the figure. The face was pale and slightly greenish in this light featuring an outsized red nose; orange, frizzy hair surrounding a bald pate; sad, over-emphasised lips and wide, sad eyes below comically arched eyebrows. The figure with the giant, yellow bow-tie, red jacket and yellow, check trousers above 24-inch shoes smiled ... ... the teeth were yellow and pointed ... . Tommy Riddle huddled in a corner of his cell in Azkaban, the dementors causing him to forever relive that last memory. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 56 - The Taj mahal (Little Whinging) by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 56 - The Taj mahal (Little Whinging) . It was the second of August and Little Whinging was simmering quietly in the very un-British summer sunshine. Dogs lay panting in the little shade they could find and cats were curled up under bushes. Even Dudley Dursley was laying low in the pig-sty he called his bedroom, hiding from the ridiculously hot summer weather and reading his favourite magazine - Teen Witch Weekly (which he paid extra to have delivered in a muggle porn-magazine cover). Harry Potter, on the other hand, had been banished from the house for the day, and was currently enjoying the damp, coolness of the shade under his uncle's shed floor. Harry had never understood why the shed was raised so high, nor why there was a depression in the earth below it, but right now, he was thankful for it. He had come to think of this hidden place as his personal refuge - proof against siege, hell and high water. well, maybe not high water, but still ... Things were bad, right now, but he had finally made peace with his conscience over the death of Cedric Diggory. . It was into this arid wasteland of the soul that came two dementors. Frankly, they were lost. The Toad in Pink had ordered them to come to Little Whinging and to administer the kiss to Harry Potter. The only trouble with that was that Little Whinging was huge, a vast, featureless warren of identical, 'affordable executive domiciles catering to the needs of today's modern family unit, built to be in keeping with the essential character of the village'. The village of Little Whinging had consisted of a church, a pub and two abandoned cottages of uncertain vintage. Only the church remained, though now its 12th century exterior sported a wide range of colourful graffiti. Any Ministry worker coming across these two would have been reduced to gibbering wrecks from the gasping noises they were making as one flapped the brochure that The Toad had handed them ... a 1970's leaflet extolling the benefits of moving to the Little Whinging New Town. They drifted around the area, amused at the number of creatures that seemed to be basking in their aura of cold as the dementors soaked up what little warmth they could from the sun. The sun was dropping and the two Ministry Dementors were getting bored ... and hungry. . About a mile east of Privet Drive, in one of the small parades of shops that dotted the endless acres of homes, there was movement and a definite stirring of heat ... The two dementors dropped down to investigate. The source of the heat was a shop, a take-away restaurant named The Taj Mahal. The soul-stealers looked at each other this warm Wednesday night. Communication without speech, and they entered the establishment. Mr Patel, the proprietor greeted the eldritch pair with nary a blink, his open expression and cheery demeanour speaking of old-world manners. "Good evening Gentlemen, and what can I be doing for you this fine evening?" His Indian accent was as fake as a nine-bob note, but it was expected. He had spent years perfecting that accent in order to cover up the fact that he was, in fact, from Liverpool. The two dementors studied the menu, and indicated their choices. "Very good, sirs,that will be eight pounds and fourty-seven pence, if you please." One of the dementors reached into its cloak and pulled out a few coins. Mr Patel saw the gleam of old gold dirhams, cup-shaped coins from the medieval Arabias - very collectable. "One of those dirhams will cover it, sir." The dementor handed over the coin, and they waited. At length, their meal arrived and the dementors bowed to the man and departed. . The following Saturday, the pair returned to Little Whinging with a list. This time, it cost them twelve of those gold coins, and they returned to Azkaban Prison with their haul. The following morning, the human guards evacuated the prison and left the prisoners to suffocate in the aftermath of the first Azkaban Prison Dementors' Saturday Night Vindaloo Party. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 57 - Continuing Protection by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 57 - Continuing Protection . There was a rap at the door, and a man with long hair and a waist-length grey beard stepped was wearing robes in a range of eye-watering shades of neon-bright colours. He looked at the dark-haired toddler who was levitating toys to his own and his cousin's great amusement, while the boy's aunt, Petunia Dursley and his uncle, Vernon, looked on indulgently. "You!" The old man, one Albus Dumbledore, self-appointed guardian of the Wizarding World, Leader of The Light and Grand Master, Maker of Destinies (he particularly liked that one) waved his wand, paralysing the two muggle adults. "Petunia, I instructed you to tell me if Harry began to display any active accidental magic. Well, after I have bound his magic and obliviated him, I will have to alter your perceptions so that you handle him as I require ..." Vernon, angry and, well, furious, had an epiphany - this man was an evil, master criminal - he must be since he was monologuing so. He rapidly calmed, knowing what fate (and the gods) did to master criminals who were guilty of such hubris. He waited patiently for justice to happen. When Vernon calmed, Petunia looked sharply at him, and saw the almost beatific smile on his lips. She too calmed. Dumbledore spoke while swishing and waving his wand, the wand stolen from his lover, Gellert Grindlewald when he betrayed the man to his death. Two and a half year old Harry watched, smiling, knowing that grown-up magic could be fun. The incantation of the memory and magic binding curse rang out. "Liga mentis et magicae!" A nebulous, pale purple spell emerged from the headmaster's wand and hit Harry in the face. There was a massive crack, like a firework, and a brilliant blue-white spark flew from Harry's head into the old wizard who was blasted back into the wall beside the fireplace. Albus Dumbledore lay, slumped, and barely breathing. His eyes were blank and there was a trickle of something not entirely blood ran from his left ear and from his twisted nose. By the time the accidental magic reversal squad arrived, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore had passed his final breath. The aurors arrived as his body began to melt away like a bad dream, leaving just his wand, his clothes and a pair of half-moon spectacles. . Meanwhile, in a castle in Scotland, a sour potions teacher felt the magical slave brand on his left arm burn and disappear. "YESSSS!" he yelled, traumatising a class of second year Hufflepuffs and Griffindors. He ripped off his academic robes, told the class that they could go, and ran, laughing, from the classroom, from Hogwarts, and into the realm of memory. . In the forests of Albania, a dark spirit felt its magical oath pass from being along with the compulsion curses upon it. The oath-bound task of Tom Riddle, to end the reign of the Dark Lord known as Albus Dumbledore had been completed. With a sigh, Tom Riddle's soul passed onto its next great adventure. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 58 - Limp by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. Just an ultra-short idea for the Department of Mysteries. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 58 - Limp . Hermione almost silenced the Death Eater in front of her. Dolohov, had a reputation, and at the last moment she cast something else that might distract him. "Impotens!" Dolohov tried to flick the the slightly corkscrewing bold of almost invisible magic away, but it twisted and hit his wand just behind the tip. "Окси ацетилен," he said, making the twisting wand motions of his signature Dark Flame Cutter curse, his finisher. As he began the diagonal slashing motion that sealed the spell, he noticed that the tip of his wand was flopping about, and the thing had actually tied itself in a loose knot. He couldn't stop the wand motion, and couldn't avoid his own purple curse as it zig-zagged across his upper torso and face. His last thought was simply, "Черт возьми!" .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 59- Pepper Pot by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 59- Pepper Pot . Time: 7.30 PM, 24 December 2011 Place: Cardiff City Centre Harry Potter was in deep trouble. Harry Potter had left his Christmas Shopping to the last possible minute. Harry Potter was desperately trying to find a suitable gift for his wife, Luna. Something suitably unusual and, preferably, amusing. To be fair to him, he had only arrived back in Britain a couple of hours earlier. He had been away taking care of Business for the Italian Ministry of Magic. As a hit wizard with a proven track record for putting down dark lords and other worldly evils, he was the go-to person for any magical government that didn't have the resources or the stomach to deal with the ever-lapping tide of darkness. This latest one, for instance, was little more than a ringleader for a small pack of magical street-thugs. The job had taken him three days, and the paperwork an extra week. And now, he was doing his last minute Christmas Shopping in muggle Cardiff. . As he crossed the plaza, there was a sound like a ping-pong ball going down a pipe accompanied by a slight buzzing. He turned. There in the plaza was a ... well, it looked like an overgrown, novelty pepper pot. "" EX-TER-MIN-ATE! "" the it screamed, letting rip with some kind of energy weapon that flash-fried the air where Harry had been just a moment before. Someone behind him screamed and died. People were going to die, which allowed Harry some leeway with using magic in a muggle area. "Reducto!" Harry's reductor barely moved the machine. "BOMBARDA!" The blasting curse did little more, not even scratching the thing's paintwork. Harry hated it when this kind of thing happened. "Avada kavadra!" The killing curse rocked the thing, and left a satisfying bloom of soot on the damned thing's knobbly skirt. There was one more thing to try, a spell that worked by disrupting electrical signals, and it was the best spell for destroying magic-hardened electronics. "CRUCIO!" The jagged yellow bolt of energy streaked out and hit the killing machine which screamed, bouncing and rocking under the onslaught of disruptive magic. He let the curse go, and the machine sat there, seemingly inert, gun, sink plunger and, probably camera drooping. It was smoking from several joints and exhaust ports. The stem at the top slowly lifted and the thing, almost meekly, said, "AGAIN, PLEASE, MAS-TER?" "That will do nicely," he thought. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 60 - Eugenic by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. A quick note: In order to shoehorn events into this story, timelines have been shifted about a bit. Just imagine that World War III was misreported, and actually broke out in 2002. Here we go with the consequences of being the Master of Death *and* being made immortal through that gods be-damned prophecy. It was written entirely for The Shirt Comment near the end. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 60 - Eugenic . Harry Potter, Master-of-Death, The-Man-Who-Conquered and Master Hit-Wizard to the International Confederation of Wizards Task Force 1, was a consummate survivor. He had survived the Dursleys, he had survived Hogwarts, he had survived Voldemort's second Blood War and he had survived the vaporisation of Cambridge. Now, there was one for the Sunday tabloids. Twelve hours after a 120 megaton, augmented hydrogen bomb had detonated above Cambridge, a single, lone, soot-blackened figure wanders out of the twenty mile wide crater, wearing a scowl, a thin layer of radioactive dust and the remains of a pair of trousers and, incredibly, the singed remains of a tie. The figure was heard to have kept up a continuous recitation of curses and imprecations against the "*censored* who *censored* lit a *censored* great *censored* firework over *censored* Cambridge..." Well, you get the idea. Once the military were sure that the figure (one Harold James Potter resident of the tiny village of Great Maudlin in Wiltshire) wasn't going to spread radioactive contamination everywhere (they hosed him down with a power-washer), and didn't seem to be about to die, they let him go. . Twenty four hours later, he was in Holland receiving orders regarding some genetically modified human named Singh. The orders were in a black envelope ... no quarter, use what ever force is necessary. Twelve hours on from there, Harry Potter was politely knocking at the gates of the compound where Khan Noonien Singh had made his headquarters. Walking through the rubble of the gates, he grabbed (well, accioed) a likely looking minion, and convinced him to take Harry to his leader. Somehow, these 'Augments' didn't seem to have the resistance of a muggle to the imperius curse. As the doors opened to admit him to Khan's presence, Harry silently killed the minion with a cutter to the neck. Khan opened fire with some kind of pistol, Harry didn't care what sort, just that it was BIG. The bullets hit their mark. Looking down, Harry saw the shredded remains of his shirt front, and he could feel the draught on his back as well. "THAT! That was my favourite shirt, you bastard!" Khan's jaw opened. He had just hit this person nine times with 12mm hollow-point shells, and he had healed immediately. He wasn't even inconvenienced by being shot. Khan knew that he had hit his mark, he had seen the holes appear in the man's shirt, and through his chest ... "Wha ...? wh ...?" "You Khan?" The genetically modified human nodded. "I have orders to terminate you with extreme prejudice as a failed experiment in human genetics. You have been found wanting, and have already been superseded. Goodbye, Khan Noonien Singh." Green light flashed seventy three times that afternoon as Khan's people's involvement in the Eugenics war was ended. "Now, some Chairman ... umm ... Hikaru Minsei, I think, and then this General Hassan character ... oh, and a soddin' new shirt on expenses." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 61 - Interpretation by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 61 - Interpretation . It had taken four attempts to get James and Lily Potter to join his Order of The Phoenix. Albus was simply not used to people not doing what he wanted them to do. Still, after a little youthful rebellion, they had been brought to heel under his regime. Albus, for the umpteenth time that day, reflected that muggleborn were much more trouble than they were worth, still, Lily Potter had given birth to a child who would probably be the one to bring Tom Riddle's campaign to an end. It had taken several attempts to get the couple to go under the fidelius, and it had then taken several days of heavy hints and subtle compulsion charms to get them to select Pettigrew as their secret keeper. Peter Pettigrew, the man who Albus had persuaded to join the death eaters. he reflected that he had to force Tom to choose the boy, and to mark him. Albus was certain, in his own mind, which boy would be the Dark Lord's downfall, but Tom had to do that in order to be sure. . The ageing headmaster seemed to be around small children all of the time, right now, and he detested small children - they were messy, and smelly, and were sadly lacking in any redeeming features - they would grow, true enough, but as small children, no. He looked at young Harry Potter. Casting a few charms, he noted that the child had the same magical potential that he, himself, had had when he was that same age, but the Potter child was much ... Albus shivered. . "That man gives me the creeps, sometimes." James Potter nodded. "There is something rather ... off about him, Lils." "Harry thinks so, too, James ..." They looked at their son, who had used his metamorph power to make himself look like a shrivelled prune with a beard - it was a parody of Albus to a tee. There was no way that they would tell the old man, though. Harry had really taken against the old headmaster. . It was a few days later, the morning of Halloween, when Albus was taking tea with the Potters and glad-handing them. He wanted to 'borrow' James' invisibility cloak, but the man was having none of it. James had just refused to part with his heirloom for the fifth time that morning when Albus felt anti-portkey and apparation jinxes go up. The front door was blown off of its hinges, and Lord Voldemort entered. "What are you doing here, Tom?" "I wanted to see you, Headmaster, out from under your protections at Hogwarts. I have a bone to pick with you, after all, and your pet traitor agreed to give me the Potters' secret in order to ... facilitate our ... meeting ... You, however, were trying to throw me at the child of prophesy, to sacrifice the lives of your own followers in order to defeat me. Your plan, Albus Dumbledore, has failed." The duel which ensued could be described using many words, but the one that the Potters thought of was 'destructive'. At last, Albus cast a ribbon cutter that decapitated the Dark Lord, ending his reign of terror. Dumbledore was confused. "Was what he said true, Albus?" The old man looked at Lily Potter, and the angry expression in his eye was answer enough - he was willing to sacrifice anything and anyone to defeat Tom Riddle - to sacrifice them without remorse." "It was for the Greater Good ..." The Potters were furious, and that affected their son, the child in Lily Potters' arms. Young Harry started to wail and cry. With venom in his eye, Dumbledore snapped, "shut that pewling waste of flesh up, Mudblood!" The Potters were shocked beyond belief. Harry quietened suddenly, picking up on the mood. His emerald eyes swung to regard the old man. A tiny hand was raised, and a digit extended. "Bad mans! Go 'way!" The fury was evident in the tiny child's voice. The magic lacing his simple words was unmistakeable. . Albus Dumbledore felt that magic take a hold of him. "Damn," he thought just as his atoms were ripped apart and sent wherever vanished things go. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 62 - Reptillian by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. Note: This one is NOT a reply to reptillia28's challenge ... more a an answer to it. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 62 - Reptillian . The Late Harry Potter, after being ranted at by Nick, his Personal Death Agent (apparently, the last time he was here they were called Personal Reapers), a chap with a bit of a sunburn, a long chin and a curly, pencil moustache, had been encouraged to sign his name on about a hundred forms. Carrying his Personal Resurrection Plan, a to-do list with a half dozen items on it, he was led into the Life Re-Enablement Centre. The Life Re-Enablement Centre was, to his untrained eye, a mixture of a mad scientist's laboratory, a hospital operating theatre and an episode from Junkyard Challenge - all having been exposed to someone looking to use up about a ton of cheap fireworks. . Strapped into a meshwork cage and covered with an assortment of electrodes, Nick gave him a reminder of the bullet points on his Personal Resurrection Plan. He had to get together with Hermione Granger, his soul mate, he had to pull Dumbledore's political teeth (and hopefully shuffle him off the mortal coil to be dealt with. Then he had to deal with Tom Riddle's soul anchors and send Tom's soul downstairs for his Final Reward. Once that was all sorted, he had to live life to the full for well over a hundred years with Hermione. Oh yes, and he had to deal with the Potions Princess Ginevra and Rape Potion Prince Ronald. He nodded. Then there were lights, sparks, buzzing and crackling noises, flashes of light, a voice demanding that someone called Igor provide more power and ... darkness. . The illusion on the room faded and Herr Doktor ceased to be a short, dumpy, balding man with bottle-glass spectacles and a stained lab-coat, and he became a tall ... man with darkly feathered wings, a robe and a sword. Nick, meanwhile, had retained his looks, although his skin became an unnatural-looking, deep, cederwood-red, and his hairline was interrupted by a pair of black horns. He, too, had a pair of darkly feathered wings. "That was fun, Azrael. We'll have to do it again, sometime." Azrael, the Great Attractor and the final arbiter of the dead regarded his companion. "Yes, but ... Soul Mate? You know there's no such thing! And telling him he'd died fifty seven times? Why fifty seven, for His sake?" The devil grinned. "Well, it fills multiple birds with one stone - Harry gets the girl, the two Gingers both get the shaft and, well, I was thinking about going shopping on the way back down. I'm out of ketchup." "But, he wasn't even dead!" The devil shrugged. "So? He wasn't to know that, just because he was knocked unconscious after falling off of that broom? He'll wake up believing the while lot. The bigger the lie, after all ..." "Yeah, I know, the easier it is to swallow. Oh, and what about Dumbledore?" "Dumbledore is one of mine anyway, and the boy isn't going to get anywhere while the old coot is still in place, so I'll get him a few years early. It's all good." . The two wandered off through the un-wottable dimensions of the heavenly firmament until they were lost from sight. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 63 - A Fourth Option by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Author's Note: This idea came to me after reading Knife Hand's To opt out. (story ID on FFN: 11665609) Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 63 - A Fourth Option . The Ministry's Marriage Law had been in force for some time, and Hermione was faced with a choice. She had a month from her next birthday, when she turned seventeen, to declare an intent to marry, to ask to be matched with someone chosen by the Ministry, or to opt out. She knew that she could ask Harry to help her out, but knowing that he would sacrifice his own happiness for her, even though he didn't see her that way, was almost as distasteful as the other options. Her only choice was to opt-out. Doing so would see her eggs removed for use by some desperate witch, and her permanently sterilised. . She was fretting and fuming one evening when Harry came in from quidditch practice. "Mione? What's wrong?" "This foul law!" She launched herself at him and started crying on his shoulder. Once she had calmed somewhat, she told him, between sobs, that she had only the choice of opting out. "Well, you could always marry me. Am I so hideous?" "You'd ruin your future for me? No, I can't ask that of you, and I won't!" There was a silence between them as they held each other. "Hermione? There's always the fourth option." She looked up at him. The conqueror of Lord Voldemort looked back and smiled. "There is always a fourth option, Hermione. Give me a few days." . Monday came and went, along with Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Friday arrived with the Daily prophet's headline which read - Marriage Law Repealed! There were few solid details other than the fact that Hieronymous Guddlethorpe, the new Minister for Magic had stated that he realised that the law was too divisive and far too draconian for the modern Wizarding World, even though he had forced the law into existence in the first place. The headline below the fold announced the minister's immediate resignation. "Happy birthday, Hermione." She couldn't stop smiling, but ... "what did you do, Harry?" "Nothing you need to worry yourself about, I just used my influence to persuade him." . Meanwhile, the outgoing minister of magic was regarding the site where Guddlethorpe Manor has once stood. The fine, Elizabethan house was gone, leaving just a scorched and muddy plot of churned-up dirt. The only bright spot in the whole sordid affair that his wife and sons were alive ... His office door opened and closed without anyone entering. As he rose, he felt the hook behind his navel as a portkey activated. He landed face-down to a vision of hell ... the wards on his home were down and his study was wrecked. There was blood everywhere and a smell ... oily and slightly sulphurous, like something out of a potions laboratory. Then he saw them. His wife and his two boys - laying, slumped and barely recognisable. They had been hexed, cursed and beaten ... tortured until they were finally dead. He screamed and cursed whoever had done this thing. "You have upset the wrong people with your foolish laws, Minister. Not only tour family will pay for your mistakes, but your friends, neighbours, their pets, and everyone you knew. They will die in agony, blaming you for the death that they will beg for, just as these three did ... " Guddlethorpe begged, he pleaded, he grovelled ... "... unless you cancel That Law, repeal it without reservation and bury it forever. Then you will do the only good thing you will have done in your time as minister. You will resign immediately." "Yes ... yes, I will, I will ..." "Your oath, Minister." He gave it, and the next thing he knew ... Harry had stunned the minister at that point, although he stayed under his invisibility cloak. After cancelling the transfiguration on the three cushions that had played the three mutilated corpses, he set light to the diesel fuel that he had spread liberally around the house and portkeyed himself and the minister back to the minister's office. Cleaning the man with magic and arranging him as though he had fallen asleep, he snapped the man's wand, arranging it on his blotter. He left the man to regain consciousness in his own time. Back at Hogwarts, it took him an hour in the shower to get rid of the diesel smell from his hair. ... the minister woke, and sighed. It had been a dream ... and then he saw his wand. He almost didn't bother with rescinding the legal paperwork, but he felt a warning tug against his magic. When he got to Guddlethorpe Manor, it was as he now saw it. His wife and two sons were already there, having arrived from visiting the Tonks overnight. He almost collapsed with relief. He would never find out why the spirits had made him change the laws or resign, but he would do his best to be grateful that they had returned his family to him ... .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 64 - Bloort! by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 64 - Bloort! . Wormtail had been working his tail off making the resurrection potion for his master. He was so pushed for time, that when he had visited Knockturn for some ingredients of dubious origin, he has skipped out into Muggle London to pick up something to eat. Back at Riddle Manor, he was adding the pre-prepared ingredients while enjoying eating his Wendy's Double Ultra Max Feast Burger. Dripping fat, mustard, ketchup and relish, it was the best meal he'd had since ... well, That Night. The chips were excellent, and the triple-thick chocolate shake just rounded it off nicely. Now, any scientist will tell you that eating while doing science (even if it is potion making) is not a good thing, and once the potion was ready for the reincarnation ritual, he couldn't find his second burger, nor his chips (why did they call them 'fries' anyway?). He was slurping his way through his second shake while stirring the potion gently when Harry Potter, and another, portkeyed in. He dropped his shake into the potion. "Bugger," thought Pettigrew, "there won't be any more of them in the near future." . There was some excitement before the Potter boy was subdued, and the ritual proceeded. It reached the point of blood of the enemy, forcibly taken, before there was any indication that things weren't quite right. The blood-red potion had turned bacon-fat yellow, and was giving off magnesium-bright sparks of mustard yellow. Steam billowed, there was a magical outpouring, and the stone cauldron gave up its magic, returning to the sand it had been transfigured from. As the mist cleared, a naked figure could be discerned. Pasty-white flesh, lipless mouth and slits instead of a nose. It was bald as the proverbial billiard ball. Both Harry Potter and Peter Pettigrew looked on in horror at the immense, wobbling form of Lord Voldemort demanding to be robed. The dewlapped jowls and the rubbery hands, the sagging flesh were things of horror. It raised its rather squeaky voice. "I said, robe me, Wormtail!" The effort was obviously too much and the figure lost cohesion in the most flatulent explosion of liquid fat imaginable. A slack, sound. A flat sound, short and dull... . When Harry returned to Hogwarts with a near catatonic Wormtail, a dead Cedric Diggory and a look of utter horror on his face, he was rushed to the infirmary for a dose of dreamless sleep. All they could get from Pettigrew was a single word, with a gesture hinting at something like an explosion in a porridge factory. "Bloort!" .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 65 - Multitasking - The Reboot by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 65 - Multitasking - The Reboot . Harry and Ron rushed into the transfiguration classroom, "Great, she's not here. Can you imagine what ol' McGonagall'd do if we was late?" At that moment, the cat on the teacher's desk jumped down and transformed into Prodessor McGonagall. Stepping back a little, Ron looked at her in awe. "Wow, that was wicke ..." There was a hollow thud as he hit the floor in a tangle of limbs, landing like a poleaxed blancmange. "Mr Weasley ... ?" "It's alright, Professor, Ron'll be fine." "What's wrong with him," asked the somewhat concerned professor. "Oh, he was trying to speak, breathe, manuever and be in awe of your transformation. Basically, he had too many tasks running at once and they crashed." .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 66 - Summoning by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 66 - Summoning . A trickle of sweat made its way down Dumbledore's neck. High magic rituals were always massively hard work, an effort to be avoided it at all possible. Sadly, there was no alternative. His weapon, the chosen one, the child of prophesy had, after stealing his wand, given him the slip. Harry Potter had stolen Albus' wand, well, the Elder Wand. The memory passed Albus' inner eye in a flash ... Albus couldn't move, he was surprised by the Petrificus that had come out of nowhere, and hadn't had time to react. A hand bearing a ring, the Gaunt ring, appeared in mid air, and snatched the elder wand. "Thank you Albus. And that makes the set. Goodbye ..." There was a rippling of space, and a purple gash appeared just along the corridor. The cowl of the Potter invisibility cloak was pulled back, revealing a familiar head of black, messy hair. The figure turned and winked at him and waved before stepping through the gap, through a rift into another reality ... . Without missing a beat, Dumbledore dismissed the memory, concentrating on this ritual to summon back his errant student. A shudder of force passed through the Headmaster as the sixth lock was undone. The runes and sigils written in salt and magnetite glowed a sickly green, now. The lines of the heptagram had begun to heat, ethereal flames dancing above the engravings. . Albus' chant reached a crescendo and the heptagram inscribed on the ground glowed an unearthly blue-violet, the light from the candles flickered and strobed, casting eldrich shadows across the walls of the ritual chamber. A tapered column of air in the centre of the arcane diagram began to glow with that same blue witchfire that Albus had seen surrounding a ship's masts when he was younger. In the back of his mind, he wondered how young Harry had opened a way without using a ritual, without, seemingly, expending any energy. That thought was firmly tamped down, such distractions were to be expected, and were dangerous in the extreme. High Magic rituals were not to be interrupted, after all. He gagged slightly as he smelled, and tasted, the most awful odour but, continued to choke out the words of the ancient Sumerian rite without pause. He felt a massive pull on his magic, the wind that was stirred in the chamber became a screeching gale, pulling the flames on the candles into blue, horizontal streaks, in toward the forming portal. The final Word of Power passed his lips, a secret and terrible word, whose knowledge had once spelled the death of anyone not a member of that ancient sect to learn, and the seventh lock had been breached. A flare of not-light that dazzled the eyes, a silent explosion of intangible force and ... Silence. Panting Albus Dumbledore peered at the centre of the ritual figure. Nothing. The ritual had failed. A whisper, like the closing of coffin lids, by his ear. "WAS SOMETHING SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN, HEADMASTER?" Albus did what any sensible man would do under the circumstances. He fainted. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 67 - A Bear called ... by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. A little thing written as a tribute to an author I enjoyed as a child - Michael Bond. Also published as a stand-alone story (if it ever gets through the FFN dragon-fence, that is) Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . A Bear called ... . Sirius Black wasn't sure where the talent had come from - just another twisted thing from his ancestry, he assumed, but he had always been able to change into a kind of small, anthropomorphic bear. It wasn't the same as his ability as an animagus - Padfoot happened suddenly, like a whole-body sneeze. It was like apparation, something you could learn, ad that was at least vaguely uncomfortable as it happened. No, this was a much smoother change that took place over a second or so - and, unlike his animagus form, he was still capable of human speech. Accented, to be sure, mainly because of the different muscle and bone structure, not to mention the teeth, but quite intelligible. He could also use a wand. Like Padfoot, his clothing became incorporated into him, somehow when he changed - in both directions. He was particularly grateful for the whole gift, right now, since he had slipped away from where Pettigrew had just blown up the street, but not before the aurors had seen him as Sirius. He was a wanted man, now, and he wouldn't be able to show his face for a long time. Damn. He had apparated, changed to Padfoot and trotted off, losing the aurors in the process. A couple of days as Padfoot and he was able to return to London to resume his search for Pettigrew, who didn't know about Sirius' other form. As he became The Bear (he'd never named this form), he found himself wearing the child's blue duffelcoat and the floppy hat that his brother had dressed him in years ago. His spare bear wand was in the hat (vipertooth 'hair' and monkey-puzzle wood, 4 inches, slightly warped). He apparated into the hidey hole that Regulus and he had discovered in the park opposite the Black family London residence. Too small for his adult form, The Bear fitted nicely. . Sirius retrieved his emergency stash, hidden in a small and rather tatty valise (galleons, pounds, dollars and other essentials in a hidden compartment, almanack, pyjamas, washgear and a stack of sarnies under a perservation charm.) He attached the luggage tag to his duffel and apparated to the apparation point of Paddington Station. Walking onto the station concourse, he put on his most lost expression (perfected for Professor McGonagall's transfiguration class), and waited for someone to adopt him. ... That night, as he slipped into his new bed at the Browns' residence, he wondered just where Peru was. It sounded terribly mysterious and distant. And Darkest Peru was sheer genius. He had a name, genuinely come by ... ... and to top things off, the Browns ate his favourite marmalade - the one made with Whisky. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber Of Secrets - 68 - Neville's Potion by Polydicta The now obligatory selection of plot-bunnies, orphaned scenes, omakes and idiocy that sometimes bring my mind to a grinding halt. Ongoing warnings for smut, language, character death, bashing, torture, mutilation and reader brain-damage. Brain bleach recommended. Neville helps Hagrid with the Hogwarts lawns. Also published as a stand-alone story (if it ever gets through the FFN dragon-fence, that is) Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Neville's Potion . Minerva McGonnagall was conflicted. Neville Longbottom was brewing some kind of a potion outside on the lawn. The rather overgrown lawn. The rather overgrown lawn that Hagrid had been struggling to mow with a scythe. Not just brewing, but teaching Hagrid how to brew the stuff. There was a number 23 cauldron simmering over a small burner, and Neville was brewing the stuff. He had an audience. Watching, they were either there to see him brew, or to see him blow himself up. What confused her was that the clumsy boy was almost doing a ballet - adding ingredients, stirring, pausing, looking ... What had her conflicted was that Professor Snape watching the proceedings - his usual snark dialled back to passive. ... Neville finished the potion and decanted it into a set of storage bottles, and the tiny amount in the bottom of the cauldron went into a muggle plant mister and diluted with water. "There you go, Hagrid. Now all you need to do is to spray this into the air over the long grass ..." He did so, and the pale green mist settled on the grass. "... and voila - a properly trimmed lawn ..." The grass seemed to shear-off and then to withdraw into itself, ending up about an inch long where the mist had landed. After that, all that anyone could remember about Nevilles performance was that it was sheared mowetry in potion. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 69 - This Ain't Georgia by Polydicta Harry has been abandoned during the horcrux hunt. While taking a break from reading and researching, he tries to learn to play the wooden flute that Hagrid gave him during his 1st year at Hogwarts. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . This Ain't Georgia . The devil went down to Georgia He was lookin' for a soul to steal He was in a bind 'Cause he was way behind And he was willin' to make a deal … Somehow, he'd missed the right turn at Passamaquoddy, and had ended up in Devon, England. Now, the Devil has nothing against England, at least, not in summer, but he was something of a tropical beast, but it was winter so he wanted to get finished before he froze his nadgers off. He looked around the snowy landscape, well, the woodland clearing at least. Nothing and no one. Nada, nicht, nowt, rien and mkz'chatt. "Bugger," he said. Then, on the clear, frozen air, he heard the sounds of someone playing a flute of some sort. Playing competently if not well. He followed the sound and came, at length, upon a rather tatty tent pitched close to a stream. Behind some kind of defensive wards, he could see a boy with messy black hair playing what was obviously a hand-made, end-blown, wooden flute. He jumped up on a stump inside the wards, and promptly slipped on the ice and fell over into a slushy snow-drift. "Bugger," he said, this time with feeling. Climbing back up, he said ... "boy, let me tell you what I guess you didn't know it But I'm a flute player too And if you'd care to take a dare, I'll make a bet with you Now you play a pretty good flute, my boy But give the devil his due I'll bet a flute of gold Against your soul 'Cause I think I'm better than you" The boy looked at the Devil, and replied ... The boy said, "my name's Harry, and I'm not daft, you know... I'll not take your bet, 'cause I'd only regret, an' I dun'know how to play a damn ... "Hell, I only just started learning, and that's just out of boredom since my friends left me here ... but ..." Harry's expression became pensive and then sly. "I guess you're looking for a soul to add to your collection?" Caught by an unusually straight question, the Devil just nodded. "Then I have a deal for you ..." Harry pulled out from under his shirt a locket. The Devil could feel the evil radiating from it. He licked his lips. "This is a fragment, probably an eighth part, of the soul of a wizard. I'll give you this and, if you can use it to find the rest of his soul, it's yours. You finish the day well, and I can go home and get warm." The Devil held out his hand and accepted the locket. "Ooooh, nasty." He grinned a grin that featured far too many, pointy teeth. "I'll take your deal, and I'll even sweeten it for you with a free ride to somewhere warm of your choice." . The day ended with the Devil being quite happy to have the soul of one Tom Riddle - a wizard who had cheated him once too often, and Harry Potter arriving at Beauxbatons School close to the south coast of France. Wizarding Britain, on the other hand, had to work out its own problems with the left over death eaters. Well, until they started disappearing under mysterious circumstances. As he watched the freshly collected deatheater souls marinading in brimstone, the Devil thought to himself, "well, bugger, that's the best deal ever. I'll have to do something nice for the kid ... " .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 70 - Dumbledore Rising by Polydicta Prompted by something that SlytherinSal said, this came to me in a nightmare this afternoon ... Set in the HP MOVIE universe. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 70 - Dumbledore Rising . The students entered the Great Hall, in the case of Harry and his friends, for their third year. Once sat, Harry glanced up at the high table. He did a double take. "Whoaaaa. Ron, Hermione, Lookit Dumbledore!" The two looked. Hermione wore a shocked expression. Ron nodded. "New look, then. Percy said that he does this occasionally." Harry shuddered, remembering the events in the chamber of secrets last year. Dumbledore looked ... different. The broken nose was straight, and a rather different shape, his hair was slightly salt and pepper while last year his hair was the pure white of extreme age. The eyes! Damn, they still twinkled but ... yes, they were hazel, and last year they were blue. Even his voice was different. This was a different Dumbledore. He looked at Hermione. Hermione looked at him. Both were concerned. Both were mystified and, by the end of the feast, both had shrugged it off as just another strange thing of Wizarding Britain. . They had both all but forgotten the strangeness until they were late in their sixth year. Harry was using the Half Blood Prince's potions book, Hermione was berating him. During one of their many hissed arguments, Hermione was hit by some hex aimed at Harry by none other than Malfoy. She went down as though poleaxed. Harry levitated her to Mme Pomfrey. . When Hermione was released from the infirmary, she dragged Harry off to one side. "Harry ... have you looked at yourself in the mirror?" Harry blinked. Hermione whipped out her wand and cast at Harry. "Finite incantatae." Harry felt the magic wash over him, she had put everything behind the finishing spell and she was stood panting heavily from the exertion. From her bag, she pulled out a hand mirror and held it up. Harry looked. He did a double take, and looked at Hermione. He looked in the mirror. His hair was turning grey and he looked older. Hermione replaced the glamour. . They missed their classes that afternoon and went down into the Chamber of Secrets, where Harry stabbed the potions book with the basilisk fang. Shaken, the teens returned to the school, whispering about the apparition that had emerged from the text book. Harry no longer looking old and grey without the glamour hugged Hermione. . It was on top of the Astronomy Tower that the whole thing became clear. Dumbledore had cast an immobilisation hex on Harry under his cloak. Harry was also aware of some other charm being cast, and his mind filled with memories and his body with magic. Dumbledore's magic. And his memories - well, some of them. Harry looked on dispassionately as Draco failed to murder Dumbledore. He looked on uncaring as Snape cast the killing curse on the headmaster, and he broke into an enormous smile as Dumbledore looked horrified as the green light took his life, as his horcrux was gone. Shaking off the immobility hex, Harry rose. Using Dumbledore's knowledge, he transfigured Greyback and Bellatrix into statues and stunned Malfoy. "Severus, my boy, well done." Harry's mimicry of Dumbledore's voice was excellent. Snape looked at Harry, whose eyes were twinkling. "Master ... your appearance ..." Harry smiled. Snape was in on it, too. "Flangolgoshti," Harry incanted, shattering every bone in Snape's body. The force of the curse sent Snape's limp form over the low wall of the tower, to land beside the last mortal remains of Albus Dumbledore. Three dark blasting curses from Snape's wand saw the three statues shattered. The wand was then crushed into splinters beneath Harry's booted foot. Harry went hunting death eaters. None escaped the school that night, and none were taken captive, either. -::::::::-
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 71 - The Secret of The Headmaster's Lemon Drops by Polydicta A single, complete episode from Chaper 3 of The Goblet and The Bag. Pure mystification fun. Risk of weight gain from reading this. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 71 - The Secret of The Headmaster's Lemon Drops . ... Opening the door from which the clanking, whirring and other assorted noises were coming, they saw a machine. There were wheels and hoppers, screw-lifts and conveyors, chains, cords, pipes, bellows and tanks. More than anything else, there was steam and a bitter-sweet smell. There were a few drips of a rather viscous, yellow liquid on the stones under the machine. Harry noticed that there were ants emerging from the end of a glass tube, helping them selves to the bounty before disappearing again. A polished bicycle wheel turned and from somewhere deep inside the maze of polished brass and copper plumbing came a loud "PAARP!" A ram's skull, complete with horns, was lifted briefly above the large tank at the back, as if to give it a chance to look over the visitors. A lemon dropped from a hopper into a cylindrical device. What could only be the main wheel from an old penny-farthing bicycle turned once and something inside the lemon-holder was sent spinning. A shower of lemon-zest emerged and was sent down a chute into one of the open tanks. The lemon was removed by some kind of a grab and transported to a bulbous container. A sound of a massive bubble emerging from the depths of a swamp heralded a trickle of lemon-juice that dribbled and dripped into a funnel. At the same time, a pair of jaws opened and closed, releasing about a two inch square lump of honeycomb. It fell between two metal wheels and was crushed, releasing the honey from the wax comb. The honey disappeared down a tube and the wax was carried away in a dainty truck on a conveyor belt. There was a burst of steam as several pistons seemed to work something in a copper kettle of some sort. A squirt of some dense, viscous liquid was syringed out of the kettle and into the container in which the lemon-zest had been dropped; at the same time, the lemon juice was squirted into the same container. The mixture was delivered into a copper cup and passed into the bowels of the machine. A blast of steam and a wash of heat emerged before the cup reappeared, now empty. The planets of the orrery turned and spun, several lamps lit seemingly by magic before fading again. There was an enormous belching noise accompanied by a gust of sweet, lemony vapour. Then, up one of the screw-lifts there rose a somewhat gooey yellow blob. As it was rolled upwards, it took a slightly elongated ovoid shape, and visibly hardened. There was a leathery sound as the lemon pith was deposited in box under the machine, joining its brethren in an off-white heap. The yellow sweet, by now, had been discharged into a tray filled with the waxy residues from the honeycomb and, as it rolled, it became coated with the tiny flakes of honey-scented wax before disappearing once more inside the machine. An asthmatic wheezing heralded the re-emergence of the sweet from the machine, now glazed and sugar dusted as it rolled down a chute and into a large, glass, sweet-jar. A moment later, a polished bicycle wheel turned, there was a loud "PAARP" - and the process began all over again. After watching for several minutes, Hermione noticed a cast, brass sign on the body of the machine. CARACTACUS POTTS' LEMON DROPPER MAJOR Mk XVI 'HEX' Harry simply shook his head, wondering about the sanity of the headmaster. At least he now knew where Dumbledore's lemon drops came from. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 72 - The Arch by Polydicta Another bunny arising from the ramblings in the Caer Azkaban group. What if the arch of the Veil of Death were something else …. A bit of a cross-over. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 72 - The Arch . As Harry left the chamber in pursuit of Bellatrix, the arch lit up, the barely visible runes etched into the surface shining with an unearthly light. A modulated screaming emerged from the now static veil, dopplering ever closer until two screaming figures burst through the archway and promptly ended up on their faces as they ran over the edge of the stone plinth on which the arch stood. The glimpse that the fighters caught were of a wild eyed Sirius Black and a tall, lean figure with a scraggly gingerish beard, a faded orange robe and a tatty wizard's hat of a similar colour, all shedding sequins like confetti. The latter figure seemed to be muttering a mantra of, "nonononononooooo ... I'm gonna die i'm gonna die I'm gonna die ..." A moment later, a gnarly stick was launched from the veil, landing next to the figure in orange. A betentacled head emerged from the arch and, somehow, enunciated, "... and damn-well stay out!" The head disappeared and, a moment later, a foot like appendage emerged, launching a box of some kind across the death chamber. "… and take your damned Devil-Box with you!" Radiating anger, the box righted itself and charged at the veil, travelling on hundreds of dear little legs. As the foot disappeared behind the veil once more, the arch began to return to its darkened, inactive state, finally closing as the box disappeared through it once more. . Up in the atrium of the Ministry of Magic, a Battle Royale was taking place. A thoroughly cursed Bellatrix Lestrange was cowering behind a column while a dazed and angry Harry Potter was taking shelter behind the pool of the Fountain of Magical Bretheren. Albus Dumblefdore and Lord Voldemort were slugging it out mightily, duelling magically and rearranging the entire décor of the place - the curse craters and burns, in Harry's opinion, gave the place a bit of a face lift, but there again, he detested glossy-tiled walls. Without warning, a blue foxfire blossomed close to one wall and a flaming rip in the fabric of reality opened up, the portal revealing a mind-wrenching scene of a yellowish-purple-green Cold Hell, and in that moment, the box came running out. The rip sealed itself just as the box knocked Dumbledore out of the way of Voldemort's killing curse. The green light of the curse hit the box and launched it into one of the tiled walls, collapsing large amounts of rubble on to it. Rubble which moved. Rubble which was pushed aside, to reveal the box. The box, now visible as some kind of travelling trunk, turned, the soot-stain of the killing curse's magic marring the undamaged wood at one end. Somehow, the trunk managed to look … upset. It began a charge at Voldemort just as the Ministr of Magic arrived. Blasting curses, flame hexes and even Fiendfyre were launched at the trunk as it charged, all to no avail. Soot-covered and now far beyond the Anger Event-Horizon, the chest ploughed into a still furiously casting Dark Lord. The resulting scene was one of carnage and more carnage. Horrified, the audience witnessed the demise of the Dread Dark Lord Voldemort, trampled to death by someone's travelling chest. At length, the … thing stepped away from the smear that has been a Dark Lord, scuffed its feet as if to clear them of any stain and wandered over to the scruffy wizard in tatty orange, conspiring to look for all the world like a lost puppy returning to its master. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 73 - The Arch 2 by Polydicta A continuation from Chapter 72 (The Arch) A bit of a cross-over. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 73 - The Arch 2 . Nobody had noticed the tall figure in black until is began to walk toward the remains of the former Dark Lord. The tick-tick of boney feet against the tiled floor concentrated the wizards' minds wonderfully. The figure stood and regarded the mess. A skeletal hand emerged from the dark robes and plucked something from the crushed remains. Something dark, vaporous and very, very thin. "NO, THIS WILL NOT DO AT ALL. IT IS MOST IRREGULAR." The voice spoke in the manner of slamming lead coffin-lids and bronze mausoleum doors. The figure looked up and regarded the gathered wizards and witches. The blue pinpricks of light settled on Harry. He stalked over to Harry Potter, who stood defiantly. "AH YES, MR. POTTER … I HAVE HEARD OF YOU. NOW … THIS WILL NOT HURT." Lightning swift, a bony extremity flashed out and siezed something inside Harry's scar. A tattered shadow, the same size and overall shape of the shade in Death's other hand was pulled out, making Harry wince. The figure addressed the shade, "YOU HAVE BEEN A VERY NAUGHTY BOY, MR RIDDLE, AND YOU HAVE GIVEN ME A GREAT DEAL OF EXTRA WORK TODAY." Death regarded Harry for a moment. "WE WILL BE SEEING MUCH OF EACH OTHER IN THE FUTURE, MR POTTER. UNTIL THEN, ADIEU." The figure walked away, seeming to shrink into the distance, and finally winked out. . The next day saw reports of a break in at Gringotts, though nothing appeared to have been disturbed, let alone taken; two magical disturbances in a tiny hamlet called Little Hangleton; and, finally, screaming coming from behind a wall on the seventh floor of Hogwarts. Of Lord Voldemort, nothing further was heard. His Death Eaters, on the other hand, were a different matter. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 74 - Occlumensis by Polydicta Harry's first occlumency lesson with Snape goes just a little different. A series of Just Desserts in three fits. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 74 - Occlumensis . "You are here to learn how to defend your mind, Potter. Now clear your mind. Legilimens!" Harry felt something slam into his mind and suddenly he was experiencing memory after terrible memory. After an eternity, and with a head that felt like someone was using a chainsaw on it, he was released from the curse. "Pathetic! Again. Legilimens!" This time, Harry managed to close his eyes as the pain started, and suddenly he was in what looked like the physical education store room from his old school with someone ransacking the place and throwing things on the floor. Snape! I wish he were dead … An idea formed in Harry's mind. He grabbed the vague figure and screamed in his mind, 'LEGILIMENS!' He was assaulted by a flood of images from Snape's life which appeared, unknown to Harry, as a series of black boxing gloves in a tatty cardboard box labelled 'DEATH EATERS - SNAPE' . As the flow ended, he came back to himself, still holding the weakly struggling figure in his mental hands. Harry tightened his grip and, without conscious volition, murmured, 'avada kavadra.' He was suddenly aware of his surroundings again, the Greasebat's dungeon. And he became aware of the figure of Snape, the Late Professor Severus Snape hitting the floor with an expression of utter terror and disbelief on his face. -::::::::- Albus Dumbledore's expression was one of extreme disappointment as he regarded Harry Potter. He was certain that this proved that young Mr Potter had gone dark. He looked into the eyes of his student and dived into the boy's mind. The reflex reaction of said mind, now that it had experienced repelling an attack, was to grab a hold of the intruder and to drain the accompanying mind of all of its memories. 132 years of the Intimate History of Albus Dumbledore filled a series of plastic boxes in the gym store of Harry's mind. Ping-pong balls and wiffle balls piled into the boxes. Harry's conscious thought, while this was going on, was 'why don't you just go and screw some goats instead of accusing me of going dark. You know that Snape was just a murdering bully.' "I am sorry, Harry, but I thought that Severus would be able to put his enmity behind him, even so what you did was …." The Headmaster got a far-away look in his eyes. "I'm sorry, Harry, but there is something I must attend to." He ushered Harry from the office with all undue haste. . Dumbledore wasn't present for the dinner that evening and nort was he there for breakfast the following morning. The Daily Prophet, when it arrived, answered all questions. An 84 point, flashing headline proclaimed, "Dumbledore arrested for indecent acts with goats in public places." A faint smile briefly crossed Harry's lips. -::::::::- It was during his History of Magic exam that the vision came from Lord Voldemort - a vision of Sirius being tortured by Lord Voldemort himself. At some level, Harry subconsciously saw this as an attack, and within moments, he had the shadowy form of Lord Voldemort in his mental grasp. A large bin (marked BIOHAZARD) appeared in Harry's mindscape, a bin which was being filled with pungent and rather disgusting, used socks. He also noted that Tom Riddle was sat in a quiet room somewhere, and not stood in … Riddle's memory supplied the name of the place … the Department of Mysteries (Hall of Prophesies). As before, Harry's conscious thought was on what Lort Voldemort should do -'you should torture any deatheaters close by to insanity brefore killing them and taking an un-tortured, living Wormtail to the ministry, confess to everything, tell them that Sirius Black was never one of yours, and then A-K yourself for the amusement of Susan Bones' aunt. Tell them that Harry sent you.' . The next morning's Daily Prophet was filled with headlines and articles that brought nervous smiles to the faces of many students, and a face-splitting grin to Harry's in particular. "HARRY SENT ME" was the one that made him feel best. A sudden thought crossed his mind: Since the Umbitch would likely be leaving today, Harry thought that he'd better go and wish her a proper goodbye … .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 75 - Water Level by Polydicta It is said that water always finds its own level. So does magic. A very short tale of Albus Dumbledore. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 75 - Water Level . "I promise, should the worst happen, that I will ensure that I do my best for Harry and Sirius, and, of course, Peter here," Dumbledore said as he finished casting the fidelius charm over the Potters' cottage in Godric's Hollow. He would do, he thought, what needed to be done regardless of any vague promises. No one except for young Harry Potter noticed the momentary glow that enveloped Albus Dumbledore signifying a magically bound promise. No one. Not Lily, not James and not Sirius. Harry just giggled. . Albus was surprised that young Harry had survived. Surprised and just a little happy. It took a few days, but soon enough young Harry Potter was placed with his aunt and uncle while Sirius Black was sent to Azkaban for something he didn't do. It had all worked out quite nicely, he thought. Dumping young Harry on the muggles was good enough. Black was out of his hair and The Traitor was dead. He hadn't even needed to waste the effort of getting that cut on the child's forehead healed at all. . The first time that Petunia Dursley back-handed Harry for crying (he as hungry, having not been fed in 24 hours), Dumbledore apparated into number 4 Privet Drive to repair the worst of the damage to the child. As he obliviated the aunt, he felt a pain behind his eyes. . That afternoon, after having the Hogwarts wards shift to her, Minerva McGonnagall apparated to the place Dumbledore had said he was going … "to check up on young Harry". She found, in the front room, a totally mind-wiped Petunia Dursley, the victim of a botched obliviation, and a drooling Albus Dumbledore who's best was now precisely at the level of what he had inflicted on young Harry Potter. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 76 - Silent Casting by Polydicta Sometimes a student will not use silent casting for reasons other than being unable to use it. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 76 - Silent Casting . "I said silent casting, Potter, or are you too stupid to listen? " "But sir ..." "... or maybe you would do better trying to jinx me than to defend? Silent stunner, Potter!" Harry raised his wand and fed a silent stupify through it. A beam of red light emerged, the thickness of the wand and as bright as Colin Creevy's camera flash. A Severus Snape slumped down in two neatly cauterised halves, divided from crotch to crown. As he fell, he revealed a smoking, fused slot in the granite wall of the classroom. "I tried to warn you," was Harry's only comment as he turned to go and fetch his head of house. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 77 - A Taste of Absinthe by Polydicta After the events in Rorschach's Blot's Absinthe Makes the Heart Grow Fonder [story ID: 3621894 on FF dot net], the twins decide to celebrate Neville's stag night by giving Harry a new drink - a Tequila Absinthe Sour ... Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 77 - A Taste of Absinthe . It was late December 2001 and the Gryffindor lads were doing a pub-crawl through London in aid of Neville Longbottom's impending nuptuals. The girls were doing the same gor Ginny. Harry Potter had a number of thoughts on the matter, but there was no way he would share them with his friend - not the least thought was better him than me. Harry was always a happy drunk, but his magic tended to act up a bit during a binge, and he ended toward the zany - some might even say crazy. Somehow, he usually ended up losing his clothes and claiming that he was invisible. Somehow, most people seemed to ignore him in such a state, leaving him to wake up a week later wondering what happened. The boys were currently drinking in The Electric Jellyfish, a nightclub in Camden, trying the most horrendous mix of criminally overpriced cocktails when the twins handed an already grinning Harry Potter an octagonal glass containing something that resembled cloudy lemonade with ice and some cirtus peel. As the drink gradually disappeared, Harry's grin got wider and he began to bounce in his seat. . "BOOYAH!" The entire club stopped at Harry's magic enhanced shout. The entire club saw the man with black, messy hair and intense green eyes leap into the air and disappear, leaving his clothes behind. "Oh bugger," was Neville's quiet comment. . The police would have been in pursuit of the midwinter streaker as he came to be known, but they were a bit busy right then with rather more serious matters. Serious matters involving the year's seasonal Alien Invasion. No one had any idea why it was that the universe at large wanted to invade Britain every Christmas, but it was what it was. No one really bothered about a naked madman running around, knocking out blond men with a rounders bat while yelling 'stupidfy!' - at least, not when the Ice Warriors were busy running around killing people with their sonic disruptors. . The invasion was just reaching it's usual climax with UNIT facing the Ice Warriors when said naked man appeared on the scene, eating what looked like a pizza-flavoured ice cream. All action stopped. The military were looking on in disbelief, the invaders were trying to figure out what was going on and a certain dapper, white-haired timelord was doing a facepalm. "Oh, cool. Army men ..." The figure swivelled round, wanting to see what the army men had been shooting at. He saw the Martian team for the invasion and rather fixated on their claw-like appendages. "Hey, life-sized Lego figures ... that's just not right ..." A hand was waved and the figure said, "Legolimens!" . Nobody saw where the man disappeared to, but the 2001 annual Christmas invasion saw the birth of a new line in Lego Mini-Figure Collectables, and a rather embarrassed Martian Supreme Commander surviving by doing Mr Frostee Ice Cream commercials. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 78 - The Null Prank by Polydicta Bill Weasley tries to pay back the Weasley family's life debt to Harry after he saves Ginny. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 78 - The Null Prank . "Why the long faces guys?" "We're trying to come up with a simple but effective prank that is completely new. We feel as though we're getting a bit ..." "... samey" "I have the very thing! Be right back!" With that, Harry disappeared up to his dorm room, reappearing a minute later with something hidden under his cloak. "Right, can you conjure me one of your paper bags?" George did so, and Harry emptied a few biscuits into it. "Wha...?" "Muggle biscuits. Lemon puffs to be specific. Nothing magical or surprising about them at all." "So how ...?" "Let me show you ..." Harry ate one of his biscuits. "Ron? C'm on over here please?" "What ya want, Harry?" "I want you to try one of these that the twins have ..." Ron backed up a pace. "I just had one, and they're good for a laugh - not embarrassing, but, well, good." Ron hesitated a moment ... "Well, if you're sure..." Harry nodded and Ron took a biscuit. He bit into it. "Hey, these are good. What do they do?" "Finish it Ron ..." Ron did, and then he waited. Harry said, "Wait a moment ... ... ... here it comes ..." A look of confusion crossed Ron's face. "Yes, there it is ... the Null Prank!" Three redheads together said, "What?" "The null prank. I just pranked Ron because he believed he was about to be pranked by you guys, but it never happened." Harry turned to Ron. "Thanks mate, they're just muggle biscuits, but the look of anticipation and confusion on your face was a picture." "Whatever, mate. Can I have another? And can we get Seamus next?" .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 79 - Immortality by Polydicta This bunny has been bugging me for a few days now. It is based off of am idea I first came across in "Standing Woman" by Yasutaka Tsutsui. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 79 - Immortality . After chatting with Bill Weasley back at the beginning of third year, Harry had secretly been studying Arithmancy and Ancient Runes. Secretly, because he couldn't face Ron's whinging or Hermione's excessive pushing. He was studying for his pleasure. During the early part of fourth year, Harry had discovered the fun to be found in Spell Creation and simple warding. He wasn't beyond the most simple things by the time he escaped from Voldemort's clutches, but he was progressing., The Idea (with the capital letters) came to him when he read through a book analysing the transformative properties of plants. Finding the arithmantic descriptions of various organisms in The Arithmantic Compendium (Volumes 1 to 137) led him to the what as well as the how. By the end of fifth year, Harry was ready to give his special curse it's first field trip. He had purchased a bottle of Polyjuice potion, and had prepared it using his chosen targets. That was important since using a spell alone would have needed him to cast his curse over a period of nearly two hours. He had perfected his portkey spell, linking to a portkey target he had carved laboriously into the underside of a boulder in a clearing downriver from The Black Lake, one definitely outside of the Hogwarts wards. He had chosen his test target, one Dolores Umbridge, and all he had to do was wait for an opportunity. An opportunity that came after Harry's History of Magic OWL exam. Once outside of the Hogwarts wards, he stunned her and poured a dose of his special, clear, olive-green polyjuice potion down her throat, while ignoring Hermione's rantings. He portkeyed the three of them to his target location and cast his curse, which took two minutes, at the toad-like woman before burying her up to her knees in the rich loam of the forest clearing soil. "Harry ...?" "It'll keep her out of our way is all, Hermione." . During the fight in the Department of Mysteries, each Death Eater that was stunned was treated to a dose of Harry's special polyjuice and portkeyed out. Dolohov, Yaxley, Malfoy, the three Lestranges and a half dozen anonymous individuals. When they arrived at the Ministry Atrium, they were intercepted by Lord Voldemort in all of his snake-like glory. Five students distracted him while Harry managed to banish a dose of brilliant red polyjuice into the Snake Lord's mouth. The start of the transformation rendered him hors de combat, and he was soon stunned, bound and portkeyed out. Finally, Harry took the five others to his clearing. Lord Voldemort was first, as he was starting to regain consciousness. He was cursed and buried to his knees in the middle of the clearing, and then the other Death Eaters were likewise dealt with in a circle around the Dark Lord. There was a pile of wands and other magical artefacts out of reach of any of the death eaters. Hermione went to Dolores Umbridge, and was surprised at the changes that had already begun. . "What have you done, Boy? I will destroy you and everything you hold dear ..." "I've given you exactly what you always wanted, Tom. You will live forever." "I have already gone further down ..." "Yes, yes, yes, and I have given you something much more secure. Your inner circle, around you, have been spliced with the essence of oak trees combined with the tenacity of the creosote bush. You, on the other hand, will command this part of the valley as a creosote-giant redwood hybrid. "Very soon, your body will begin to stiffen and you will take on a more wooden character, your thoughts will slow and your magic will be entirely bound into your growth as a tree. You may well live forever, Tom, provided no one decides to use you for firewood." . It was the day before the end of term when Harry took the headmaster to the clearing. Lord Voldemort was already twelve feet tall and extremely tree-like. His face was creased and bark like, his speech somewhat hollow and dry. The death eaters were more tree like, but still had some of the suppleness of the creatures they had been, arms raised and already sprouting twig and leaf, they, unlike real oak trees, shouted obscenities at the two wizards. Dumbledore shook his head sadly, but agreed that the punishment certainly fit their crimes. . Coda: Death Eaters invaded Hogwarts the following June, let in by Draco Malfoy. Each was dealt with in the same way as the previous year, except that Harry used rowan tree essence to splice them with. The headmaster, whose cursed hand was progressing painfully, begged Harry to use the curse on him. . By the shore of the Black Lake, on the lawn before Hogwarts main gate stands a unique tree. An aspen with some of the genetic material from the immortal creosote bush gazes across the waters to the station where the students arrive at the beginning of each year. If you speak to it, and listen carefully, it will tell stories of Hogwarts under Albus Dumbledore's time as headmaster. . Fin.
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 80 - The Other by Polydicta "Today, we will explore the nebulous art of prophetic intrepretation ..." Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 80 - The Other . The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... . Harry Potter had developed a bit of an odd habit over the past year. He had finally kept Severus Snape out of his head by singing Gilbert and Sullivan Patter songs in his head. Because of the nature of the beast, Harry had started singing those songs out loud. Quietly, but audibly. He was so good at them that his audience could no longer follow the words. He and Neville had been cornered in one of the offices of the Department of Mysteries. During the firefight, Neville had dropped the prophesy orb, and they had both heard Sybil Trelawney's voice predicting the end of The Dark Lord. They looked at each other and shrugged, then they waded back into battle. . The gloves had come off and the teenages were no longer playing nice. Dolohov had already dies at the point of his own wand when Hermione used the impotens curse on his wand. Ron had been injured badly by Bellatrix Lestrange, the last Death Eater standing, and was currently being pursued up to the Atrium level. As the mad woman collapsed at the feet of her newly arrived master, Harry was singing, "I am the very model of a modern bombarda reducto, I've everbero'ed animal, vegetable and percutio! ..." All four charms hit the dark witch, who took on the appearance of the meeting of man and snow-blower ... landing (mainly) on the Dark Lord, who looked a trifle peeved. Harry shifted tempo, and started using the Llama song as his rhythm, slinging spells at Voldemort at an inhuman rate. While it pressed Voldemort, who couldn't follow Harry's incantation, a few of the spells did get through. Neville went and sat down to watch, and to get used to using Lucius Malfoy's wand as his own had been broken. Now, Neville had been using an unmatched wand for five years, and since he had disarmed Malfoy (literally), he now had a posh, new wand that gave him its allegiance. Of course, Neville had become used to pushing everything he had down his old wand, and so when he pushed out a 'reducto' there was roiling ball of magic went hurtling cross the atrium toward Harry and Lord Voldemort - in fact, straight toward Harry's back. Harry dodged a killing curse from Voldemort, and the Dark Lord's face showed utter disbelief at the magical pulse heading toward him, through the space just vacated by Harry. There was a wet noise, and Lord Voldemort went the same way as Bellatrix a few minutes earlier, depositing a heavy film of Essence of Dark Lord over the ministry toadies who had just arrived. The disconnected head, complete with shocked expression was caught by Cornelius Fudge, who threw it away, to be caught be Percy Weasley. The left arm of that now deceased Dark Lord bounced off of Albus Dumbledore's cranium, stunning the old mage and leaving him sat and bewildered, mbuch to the amusement of his Phoenix companion, but that is another story entirely. . It was only later that the boys realised that the prophesy was completely accurate, Voldemort had died at the hand of The Other. Dumbledore, on the other hand, never really recovered from being laid low by Voldemort's left hand. He retired that summer to write his memoirs or, as most people later agreed, Albus Dumbledore's Ripping Yarn. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 81 - Knockers by Polydicta Miners are every bit as superstitious as sailors. Both professions involve going into an environment that is intrinsically unstable and hostile to human life. Not all superstitions are rooted in irrationality, though. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 81 - Knockers . Miners are every bit as superstitious as sailors. Both professions involve going into an environment that is intrinsically unstable and hostile to human life. Not all superstitions are rooted in irrationality, though, and the Potter family in particular, were quick to exploit this. In a large, seventeenth century factory building deep in the heary of Cornwall's mining country, the overnight workforce paused in their work. As one, expressions of grief passed over their faces - to be replaced a few minutes later by an expression of mixed sadness and relief. "We's be telling The Agent when he collects the wages at morning shift," said the supervisor. And so, the nights work continued as normal in the hidden premises of Potter's Prime Pasty Mill. . At five A.M, sharp, The Agent arrived at the mill to collect the day's wages - Cornish Pasties for two hundred and thirty two miners and their families, along with ale, small beer and the other necessities of life for the miners. Silver changed hands, as it ever did. Silver hard-won from the deep granites under Cornwall. Silver that was easier to sell than the gold which was also hard won. The Agent took, also, news of the upper world as the Pasty Mill underwent the first of their twice-daily shift changes. She was contemplative, and quite looking forward to introducing the Young Master to the mines. . Three days later, and the Young Master hadn't arrived at Plas Hepken-an-Tyller. The staff were worried, the link to the Young Master was ... muted. "Nobby thinks The Agent needs to know that Young Master is being hidden." There was a chorus of solemn nods. "Bessie thinks that The Mill needs to be hidden from Old Perfessy Whiskerses." More nods. "And The Mine and The Plas," said an ancient elf, one Bobba'gas, "and more, we needs to be conserving magics." "What shoulds we be doing, ancient elf Bobba'gas?" "Hibernation under Bothyl Menydh, and Skellyboney Crew at The Mill. We's will survive." "What of The Mine? What of Toll Down?" "The Agent will know, The Agent will do what is necessary." . The Agent, when She arrived, made a counter offer. "There is an old shop front in Helston, it is owned by The House, by the Young Master. Restore it and call it The Pasty Mines, and open it as a Pasty Restaurant. Pay a young Witch Maid from the town to run it. The passing of many muggledy folks through the shop will keep magic flowing into The Mill, as they pull magic behind them as a wizard does his shadow." And so it was. . The Agent had other plans, plans to retrieve the Young Master. Long plans. Deep plans. . It took three years, driving a shaft, driving a tunnel and finally a second shaft up from The Basement. Three long, hot and exhausing years. Years where little ore was raised, just an eternity of barren rock from the 11,000 fathom level, a level nearly 300 miles long. With little in the way of correction, the miners made their way up the 12 miles of shaft toward an ordinary house on an ordinary street in a rather extraordinarily ordinary New Town. A place so normal that it would make your teeth hurt. Above them, in his room, an understairs cupboard, a four year old Harry Potter heard the tapping and clinking of the approaching miners. "Knockers. The Knockers are coming ..." He had been listening for four days, and had stockpiled whatever food he could spare to give as offerings. Deep in his Potter psyche, he knew these people. It was after a beating by his Uncle Vernon that little Harry Potter was slumped in his so-called room and a section of the concrete slab on which the house was built simply disappeared under the tap-tap-tapping of the elven miners. . The dark, narrow faces of the piskies who had arrived regarded their Young Master with solemn, dark eyes, and ill-concealed fury. "A runner to The Wad! We must tell Her what has befallen the Young Master!" And a runner was sent. As denizens of the dark, dangerous places of The Earth, they knew how to heal, and so they did. By the time that the child was healed and sleeping, therunner had arrived in Cornwall. The Wad, known to most as The Agent, waxed wroth that an Elf Friend had been willfully harmed by his uncle. "They must be rewarded as is Our way. An insult for an insult, an eye for an eye, and three-times thrice threefold justice for an willful act. Sink them to The Depths." . Three days later, little Harry Potter had been spirited away from that ordinary house of horrors, and as dawn rose on that third day, number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, was swallowed by the collapse of a mine shaft that it had been built over. The remains of the house were lodged on a choke three hundred and thirty three fathoms down and buried under tons of collapsed rock. The bodies of the Dursleys were never recovered. . Albus Dumbledore, self-appointed Regent of House Potter, embezzeler, thief, self-proclaimed Leader of The Light suffered a heart attack when he saw what had become of the place he had stowed The Boy Who Lived. by the time he had recovered, the Goblins of Gringott's had heard what he had done to the Master of Plas Hepken an Tyller. Heads had rolled and a full audit of Albus Dumbledore's banking activities was underway. The right ancient Scottish House of Dumbledore was stripped of its wealth in reparations and bank charges, and the elder brother, Albus, was put under a Goblin Interdict - entry to any Goblin territory carried, ever after, a sentence of immediate execution. -::::::::- When he was eleven, Harry Potter arrived at Hogwarts. A tall, muscular boy with laughing eyes, dark skin and clever fingers. The lad spoke with a strong Cornish accent that put the listener in mind of ocean voyages and the deep places of The Earth. Occasionally, he would speak in Cornish, once in a while, he would put tongue to a phrase or a word that sounded like the sliding of gravel and rocks in the darkness. And in his pocket, he always carried a silver talisman of The Wad for protection, a tallow candle for light, and a handful of the Dark Cornish Earth, that he never be far from home. . Afterwords: The Wad is a powerful faerie guardian of the Cornish Lands, a Piskie of much renown, unlike the blue mischief-makers of the common lands. Many refuse to refer to her by name, hence The Agent. Knockers and Spriggans are faerie miners - and you can hear them tap-tap-tapping whenever you go deep into the Mines of Cornwall. It is best to leave offerings of candle-ends, food and ale for them. They are said to have taught the Cornish Housewife the secret of making pasties that they always have victuals when at work in the deep alongside Men. Fathoms. All Cornish mines depths are measured in fathoms - 1 fathom = 6 ft. 880 fathoms = 1 mile. Plas Hepken-an-Tyller - Just-a-Place Place. Plas is literally a plaza or a courtyard, but is used as the name for courtyard houses. Bobba'gas - You Fool. If he were an English elf, he'd have been called 'Clumsy'. Bothyl Menydh - Lumpy Hill - supposedly a place where the Fay realm meets The Land Under Sky (the Mortal Realm) Toll Down - (literally: Deep Hole) - a mythical mine on the supposed Mother Lode of All Mines. (As the name given to the Potter Mine it is actually called Wheal Toll Down). Cornish - An ancient, Brythonnic (Celtic) language which is spoken exclusively in Cornwall. It engenders in its speakers an accent reminiscent of the Hollywood Pirate Crew. Yarrrrr! It sounds like a Cornish cream tea. .
Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 82 - Lemon by Polydicta I was challenged to write an unexpected and gratuitous Harry Potter lemon scene … you didn't expect anything else?:. Disclaimer: All fiction is derivative and fan fiction doubly so. I make no claim to own any part of any of the following, all I have done is an attempt to put together the elements in a novel fashion, using words and ideas like Lego ™ bricks. There is no money involved – all I do is to share what I do for my own amusement. -::::::::- . Hidden Tales From The Chamber of Secrets - 82 - Lemon . Harry caressed the smooth skin under his fingers. He squeezed gently and felt the flesh give slightly. He adjusted his grip and applied a little more pressure. He was rewarded by a feeling of wetness on his fingers. He brought his hand to his lips and sampled the sweet juices thereon. | He smiled, and murmured his joy. . "Ahhh... Lemon drizzle made with fresh lemons ... "
