A/N: I came up with the concept of this story JUST before going to sleep one night. It's going to be long, so that's why the pacing might seem a bit slow at first. There will be a lot of Sirius/OC at the beginning, but this is a Severus/OC story. YOU'LL SEE. Things have to happen first. Enjoy! -C She ran her fingers along the familiar edge of the picture frame, her fingertips numb to the sensation of the wood grains on her skin; she'd been doing it for so long. Lily would be by soon. The Evans's were giving Lydia a ride to King's Cross again, for the fifth year in a row. The picture was of Lydia, Lily, and Severus in their first year, the best of friends, the three students in their year from their part of their city. They didn't even live in a wizarding area. The three of them had been so happy then, happy to have found each other and become such good friends, happy to have vowed to be friends forever. But that had all changed just a few months ago when Severus had called Lily a Mudblood in front of the whole of their year and now Lydia didn't know where anything stood anymore. With a final sigh she tucked the picture carefully into a corner of her quite-full trunk and took one last look around her bedroom to make sure she wasn't leaving anything behind. Satisfied that everything important was packed, Lydia closed and latched her trunk, dragging it toward the door and pulling on her jacket. Just as she was tucking her wand into her pocket, Lydia heard the Evans's car pull into the drive and she rushed down the stairs so that they didn't have to ring the doorbell. "Mr. Evans, Lily," Lydia said with a smile. "My parents are sleeping again. Everything's ready, I just need some help with my trunk." "Have you eaten breakfast today?" Mr. Evans asked, smiling but obviously concerned that her parents never got up to see her off. "Yes," Lydia lied easily as she always did, leading Mr. Evans up to her room where he heaved up her trunk and carried it down to the car, the two girls following him, giggling as the climbed into the back seat together. "Good morning, Lydia," Mrs. Evans said kindly. "How are you?" "Very well, Mrs. Evans, thank you," Lydia lied, even easier than the last time she'd said it. "And you, Mrs. Evans?" "Excellent, dear," the kindly woman beamed. Mr. Evans then got into the car and started it up, driving away from Lydia's house, which she didn't look back at. She never did. "So," Lily said excitedly once they were on the motorway, "have you written any letters this summer?" Of course Lily and Lydia didn't need to write to each other. They lived close enough that they could meet in the park, or at Lily's house when Petunia was out. But Lydia knew exactly what Lily was referring to and she blushed, shaking her head. Lily clicked her tongue disappointedly. "Lydia, dear, you know you ought to be more proactive!" the redhead said excitedly. "Would you like for me to mention you to him during the prefects meeting?" "No," Lydia said quickly, blushing slightly. Lily would do it anyway, but she wanted to make her objection known. "It won't do any good, Lily." "Nonsense," Lily protested. "This is your year!" "You say that every year," Lydia grumbled slightly, turning to watch the countryside whiz by out of the window rather than face her friend's match-making brainstorm session all over again. The truth of the matter was that, yes, Lydia Rowe was desperately in love with Remus Lupin. She had been for years. The other truth of the matter was that the last thing Lydia needed to do was be more proactive, because there wasn't a soul in all of Hogwarts who didn't know that Lydia had asked the bookish Marauder out dozens of times, and been turned down politely but consistently each time. Her failures at her love life were nearly as famous as James Potter frequently asking out Lily and being publically humiliated each time. But Lydia was not James Potter. She was embarrassed that somehow everyone knew her failures and desperation, no matter how discrete she was. She also knew that it wasn't that Remus disliked her or even necessarily didn't have feelings for her: He was a werewolf. To him that meant that dating would be putting someone in unnecessary danger, socially and physically, and putting them under constant undue stress. He couldn't seem to understand that Lydia didn't care that he was a werewolf or all of the things that would entail if she was with him. She just wanted to be with him. Didn't he realize that she was broken too? But of course he didn't, she chastised herself. No one knew. No one except... Severus. Severus had been there, been at her house when it happened, and he was the only person who understood how painful going home each summer was. He usually visited, but he hadn't this past summer. Perhaps he wouldn't speak to her now that he and Lily were not speaking, and hadn't been speaking for months. Lydia wanted to ask where they all stood, but she was too afraid to bring him up. The last time Lily had talked about Severus, she'd gotten so angry that she started throwing things around their dormitory, and Lily hardly ever threw things. It was always a long ride to London, but the girls scrambled out and waited while Mr. Evans fetched trolleys for their things and set them up to push their things to the barrier between platforms nine and ten. When they had gotten onto platform nine and three quarters, they said their fond goodbyes to Lily's parents and got their things onto the train. "I'm going to the meeting, all right?" Lily said happily, giving her friend a quick hug. "Find us a compartment, will you?" Lydia dutifully found an empty compartment, settling down near the window with a potions book Severus had given her three years ago for her birthday, with various tips and notations in the margins for her. She'd never had the natural facility in Potions that Severus and Lily had, but with diligence and Severus's tips she'd managed to be near the top of the class consistently. She'd just begun to read a section on Healing Potions when the compartment door slid open to reveal the faces of three Marauders looking in at her. "Hey, Rowe," James Potter said, grinning broadly. "We're going to join you." She scowled up at him. "Lily won't like it," she pointed out as the boys came in and sat down anyway, Sirius sitting beside her, James and Peter sitting on the opposite part of the compartment. "She's going to be cross with you, and you know how tense she already is when she has to patrol the train." James just laughed, winking at her. "Relax, we know you don't really want us to go. Remus goes where we go, after all." Lydia was too busy trying to hide her blush behind her book that she barely noticed that Sirius tensed at the reminder of her continued embarrassment. "What are you reading, Rowe?" Sirius said, but he never said her surname with the same harshness James did. James was her Quidditch captain, and therefore he was so used to yelling her name from across the pitch that he couldn't seem to speak to her as if she were a normal person. She tried not to take it personally. "Potions book," she muttered, not looking up at Sirius. Lydia, like many other females, found it difficult to look at Sirius, and at the same time incredibly difficult not to look at him. He was one of those people, like Lily, who was far too good looking for it to be humanly possible, and yet there he was. He had always been especially strange to Lydia because she always thought of herself as plain at best, especially compared with Lily. Lily had beautiful auburn hair; Lydia had limp sand-colored strands. Lily's bright green eyes were always alight with some passionate emotion; Lydia's grayish-brown eyes were dull unless the light was just right, and she was convinced that it hardly ever was. Sirius lowered the book to see what she was reading over her shoulder and she let him, entirely sure what to say or do in that situation. Sirius Black pretty much did whatever he wanted, and Lydia didn't feel like he was being so intruding that she had a right to be the person who told him not to do what he pleased. He frowned deeply, though, when he looked at the pages she was on. "That handwriting seems familiar... Really familiar... Whose is it? It's not yours, I know that much." Why would he know her handwriting? But then Lydia realized that the Marauders shared everything. He must have read the notes and letters she'd given to Remus and shared in a laugh with James over them. She blushed again, but didn't answer the question, merely shifting her book to its previous position. After all, it was debatable whether James or Sirius hated Severus most, or whether Severus hated James and Sirius most. Lydia knew they all had ample reason to hate each other, but she liked them all well enough and desperately didn't want to get in the middle of it. Thankfully, before Sirius insisted on an answer, Lily and Remus opened the compartment door. "Potter, what are you doing in here, bugging Lydia?" Lily growled. "She let us in," James said, trying to defend himself. "She wanted us here." "Likely," Lily said dryly, motioning for Remus to take the seat across from Lydia in a not so sly way, taking the spot next to Sirius in order to force Remus closer to her best friend. Lydia blushed even brighter, pretending not to notice as her eyes scanned Severus's notes unseeing. "How was the meeting, Remus?" Sirius said lazily, stretching out a bit and shifting slightly closer to Lydia in this motion. "Exactly the same as always," Remus said softly, watching Lydia as best he could over the top of her book. She knew all he could see was the very top of her bright-red forehead, but it did please her to know he was looking, nonetheless. James tried regularly throughout the train ride to talk to Lily, but he was utterly unsuccessful. She did little more in regards to him than ignore his very presence, which Lydia thought was actually very kind of her compared with what Lydia had been expecting. Sirius, James, and Remus carried the conversation, and Sirius kept trying to involve Lydia in everything they were discussing. "What do you think, Lydia?" Sirius asked when she'd nearly finished the section on Healing Potions and the world outside the train was quite dark and wild country. She was so surprised to have been addressed again that she put her book down, blinking up at him, confused. "What?" she asked, but whatever they were drawing her into, she would never know, because Peter suddenly spoke up for the first time all day. "It's Snape's! The handwriting is Snivellus's!" Lydia's eyes grew wide and she looked up at Sirius apologetically as he turned a brilliant shade of red, a vein in his neck seeming ready to burst out. "Why is Snivellus's handwriting in your book?" he demanded, and Lydia backed away, a bit worried he might actually hurt her, but there wasn't a lot of space to move away from him. "Sirius," Remus said in a warning voice, but Sirius didn't appear able to hear him. "He gave it to me," Lydia said softly. "As a present. I... He... It was a long time ago." Sirius flexed and unflexed his fingers repeatedly, staring at Lydia with wild gray eyes, apparently looking through her. "Get rid of it," he said, almost viciously. "Black," Lily said sharply. "You're being cruel." Sirius didn't seem to be able to hear anything but what Lydia said in direct response to him. "No!" she said anxiously. "It's my best potions book!" "Then get rid of his writing!" "No!" Lydia said roughly. "What's it to you, anyway? It's not your book, it's mine!" He opened his mouth forcefully as if to shout something at her, but then he closed it again, the redness in his face not dying down, but he seemed to have realized that there wasn't a proper, logical outlet for whatever was going on in his head, so he got up, stormed out of the compartment, and left the remaining five teenagers looking at the slammed compartment door, confused. "What was that about?" Lydia asked, bewildered and a bit frightened. "You ought to know," James said accusingly. "But since you don't I suppose I've got a mess to clean up. Excuse me. I need to calm him down before he kills somebody." James then stood up calmly and marched out of the compartment, closing the door much more gently behind him. "What just happened?" Lily asked, bewildered. "I shouldn't have said anything," Peter said, frowning slightly. "I was just so excited that I knew the answer that I didn't stop and think..." "Stop and think about what?" Lydia pressed, thinking that between Peter and Remus one of them would have to tell the girls what was going on with Sirius. This was far worse than anything she'd ever seen when Sirius and Severus were fighting. "Nothing," Peter squeaked, blushing and tapping his fingers on the seat nervously. Remus just shook his head and sighed. "What was James being so cryptic about?" Lydia pressed Remus. Remus looked at her with a small thoughtful frown for a moment and then said, "Do you remember when we talked about secrets?" How could Lydia forget? Finding out that Remus was a werewolf, telling him that she had secrets of her own and understood, secrets she couldn't begin to speak out loud for fear she'd have to face them... It was a conversation that haunted her every time she thought of asking him out again, because what if her unwillingness to come forward with her own secrets was part of the reason he was turning her away? "Yes," Lydia said softly, watching his face carefully for some sort of sign, some sort of anything that would make her feel he might be capable of loving her after all. Not that she needed a sign. It was the lie she told herself every morning when she woke up. "Well this isn't my secret to tell," he said gently. "If you really want to know, Sirius is going to have to be the one to tell you. When he's ready." Lily sighed, slightly annoyed, but she understood secrets, too. Not as well as Lydia, but she had been keeping Remus's secret about his being a werewolf for just as long. What Lily didn't know, though, was the other Marauder secret, that all of the other three were illegal Animagi and spent the full moon with Remus. Sirius and Remus had told her this, with permission of the others, in order for her to understand just how difficult and really impossible it would be for her to really be with Remus. They meant to scare her, she supposed, because she was terrible at Transfiguration that involved humans in any way, so the likelihood she could even come close to being an Animagus was very near to zero. But it took more than that to scare away Lydia Rowe. In a strange way, Lydia was especially proud of herself that she knew the secret and Lily did not, and even more so for having kept it so well from her best friend. No doubt James wanted Lily to know, thought it would impress her into wanting to be with him, and maybe it would, if Lily could get over the part that it was illegal and focus on how it was amazing magic and wonderfully loyal friendship. But the other Marauder likely continued to overturn James on that matter, because after all, Lily turned them in for their shenanigans frequently, and it wasn't even illegal. Sirius and James did not return for the rest of the train ride, so it was a very silent compartment, Lily, Lydia, and Remus all reading and Peter sitting there, watching them read. Lydia briefly thought about telling Peter that he was bothering her, but as they were nearly to the school and he was already so embarrassed she decided not to be cruel and stuck to her book, trying to ignore him. The train stopped and the teenagers filed out onto the platform. Lily and Remus were helping direct first years toward Hagrid, so Peter and Lydia walked up to where the carriages were in silence. When they reached them, Lydia heard a voice calling her name. She turned to see two of her roommates standing there, waving at her. "Lydia!" Artemis Rutgers said happily. "Peter! Come on, we've got a carriage!" Peter looked as though he might object to sitting on a carriage with Mary MacDonald, Artemis, and Lydia, being a bit uncomfortable around so many girls at once, but he climbed in after Mary and the carriage took off toward the school. "Good summer, then?" Mary asked politely. "Great," Lydia lied without a second thought. "Yours?" "We had a wicked time," Artemis said excitedly. "I threw that party I've been planning for years. I invited you, you know. You didn't come." "My parents said I couldn't," Lydia lied, and Artemis gave her a sympathetic look. "Anyway, it was great," Artemis said excitedly. "Sirius got Remus drunk and he started going on about how pretty you are. I thought Sirius regretted it a bit, but once he got him going there was no stopping him." Lydia blushed, looked down, and suddenly wished she'd decided to go to the party after all. Maybe Lily was right. Maybe this was her year.
A/N: Just a quick note, this chapter is October, 1976. As I've said, this is a long story, and fully outlined comes to 526 chapters... Yes, that's a REALLY LONG STORY but I will not abandon it and I hope to keep it going at as steady of a pace as possible. Buckle in for the ride! -C It was October when James ordered the very first Quidditch practice of the year. He hadn't bothered with trials... The current team had been together for three years and won the Quidditch Cup each year. If they hadn't been so dominant, Professor McGonagall might have made him actually hold trials, but she really couldn't complain when his methods worked so well. Lydia found herself bleary-eyed and eating breakfast so that she didn't pass out, even though she knew she was going to be late for practice. Remus was there, as Sirius and Peter were sleeping in and James was already at the pitch, and so Lydia and Remus had a bit of time alone, which was rare to come by. "Marmalade?" Remus asked politely, finishing spreading some on his own toast. Lydia shook her head, picking at the porridge she'd dished up for herself. He frowned at her. "Is that all you're going to eat?" Lydia merely shrugged, trying not to blush under all the attention from him. "Lydia, I hardly ever see you eat." "Obviously I eat, or I'd be dead," she sighed, wishing he would drop her eating habits. In truth, it was the only way she could manage not to feel like she was starving all summer, making sure she didn't eat too much during the school year. She didn't want her stomach to have to go through growing and shrinking all the time. But Remus didn't need to know that. In fact, she'd rather he didn't. "Barely," he sighed. "Please eat more than that," he said urgently. "Please, I'll be bothered all day if you don't." Lydia shifted uncomfortably in her seat, knowing that he'd only said it that way because he knew that she would do just about anything he asked of her. But if she ate too much food she'd be absolutely sick. She looked up at his amber eyes, though, and sighed heavily. "Fine, pass me a banana or something," she grumbled. Remus cheerily grabbed a banana and passed it over to her. Compliantly, Lydia peeled the banana and sliced it so that each slice landed in her porridge. It had been a bland porridge, anyway. He seemed satisfied about her eating at that, perhaps because it was more nutritionally sound, perhaps because he knew that was all he was getting out of her, and then he turned to companionable conversation, which Lydia would have been far more thrilled about had she been some semblance of a morning person, rather than desperately trying to stay awake and be half-sane for practice. She hated when James made her run extra when she was already miserable. "How are classes?" Remus asked. "You're in Arithmancy, right? Lily's been complaining about it all the time." "Yeah, I am," Lydia replied. "It's fine. Lily's just bad with numbers." Remus chuckled softly, although it could equally be what Lydia had said or the zombie-like way in which Lydia had said it. "Sirius loves that class," Remus said softly, watching Lydia as she sipped some pumpkin juice. She put down her juice and snorted, "He's awful at it." Perhaps that wasn't fair of her. It was by far her best subject, she'd been top of the year since they'd started taking it, and everyone was terrible compared with her. Remus shrugged and smiled a little. "He loves it anyway," he said in an almost sly way that Lydia would have been surprised at had she been awake enough to fully appreciate it. "Don't tell me you're not going to finish that," he then said disapprovingly, because Lydia had begun to push away the remainder of her banana porridge. She huffed. "But James will yell at me if I'm late," she whined. "I'll vouch for you," Remus said kindly. "It will be all my fault and he can yell at me to his heart's content. Now eat." Lydia could hardly argue with that and so she managed to force herself to finish the porridge while Remus talked to her, keeping her company rather kindly as she knew he had a thousand things that were better uses of his time. Still, she debated over whether to eat faster so as not to anger James or eat slower to have an excuse to spend more time with Remus. Her head was spinning from her options. Still, all too soon her porridge was gone and she smiled up at Remus sadly. "Guess I'll see you later," Lydia said. "James will want me at practice, after all." Remus nodded, waved goodbye, and Lydia marched out to the Quidditch pitch, muttering to herself about how ridiculous it was that she and everyone else had to wake up early for Quidditch practice just because James managed to procure so many detentions that they couldn't do it in the evening like everyone else. That's not to say that they got evenings off. No, in fact, any evening James hadn't procured a detention that wasn't already booked by another team was up for practice, meaning that the Gryffindor Quidditch team was sometimes practicing nine or more times a week. If dedication was all it took to win the Cup, James Potter would have won it all by himself every year. Alas, it took an actual Quidditch team to win, with actual Quidditch practices, and once James found out everything he could about each of his players he was determined to milk them dry. That included Lydia, who had joined the Quidditch team in her third year because Mary MacDonald said it was fun, and she sorely regretted it from the moment James took over captaincy in their fifth year. "Late, Rowe," James barked. "Remus detained me," she said with a blush, ignoring the knowing giggle of Mary, who was blocking shots from Gaynor Akerman, a fifth year Chaser. "He'll have to confirm that later," James said disapprovingly, and one might have thought in that moment that James was the responsible one and Remus an incorrigible troublemaker. "I want you up at the hoops, give Akerman some time to work on passing with me. I'm putting the Bludgers out now, too." Lydia glanced over at Melissa and Gena, the Beaters, and noted that they were very disappointed by this news. The girls were the smallest Beaters in the school, but they'd proven themselves worthy of their role time and time again, able to keep up with the Bludgers in a way no one else could, with killer aim and surprising strength for their size. Still, Lydia knew they found the job exhausting, and if they weren't trying to get Sirius Black's attention by spending so much time with James, they probably would have quit ages ago. Not wanting to be made to fly laps, however, Lydia pushed Melissa and Gena from her mind and mounted her broom quickly, kicking off the ground and soaring up toward Mary. "Do you have the replacement Quaffle?" she called to James. He gave her an annoyed look, which meant that she was obviously supposed to have assumed that he had it, and when she reached Mary at the posts, Lydia rolled her eyes. "He's a bloody tyrant. Can we start an uprising, already?" "I can hear you, Rowe!" James screeched. She raised her eyebrows. All of the Marauders had unnaturally good hearing, and Sirius's had gotten especially good of late. She thought they might have done something to magically enhance the sense, but as she'd not found a permanent spell for such a thing, she really was stumped. "Anyway," Mary giggled, "how's Remus?" Lydia blushed again, taking the Quaffle and tossing experimentally between her hands. She didn't want to talk about Remus, not when James could so obviously hear her, but Mary wouldn't relent until she did. "He's fine," Lydia replied casually, flying a bit away from Mary and trying to decide how she would attempt to beat her friend on this particular morning. "He… he looked healthier." "Did you to snog?" Mary teased. "That would put a bit of color in his cheeks." If Lydia thought she was blushing before, it was nothing to how flushed her whole face became at the thought of her and Remus locked in a tight embrace, lips eagerly exploring each other, desperately snogging. "MacDonald, Rowe, get your arses in gear or you'll be doing an extra hour of practice!" "We have class, you dolt!" Lydia growled. "We'll schedule it during your dinner break," James cried. Clearly, he wasn't playing around, if he was willing to sacrifice his precious meal time to make Lydia and Mary suffer for not working as hard as he thought they ought to do. Lydia decided that buckling down was the best option. Mary and Lydia had done the same exercises together hundreds of times, and then hundreds more. James not only wanted Lydia to perfect her technique in scoring, which was very good but not as good as his, but he also wanted her to be their primary defensive player, which was her best skill. In this way, Lydia could almost read Mary's mind on what was needed at their own goalposts, and she was able to defend more effectively than any other Chaser in the league. This was James's own stroke of brilliance, because in dire moments, they basically had two Keepers instead of the one, which made them close to invincible. Still, James was never wholly satisfied, so Mary and Lydia were constantly becoming more and more in tune with each other both very proud of their skill in this area, and really anxious not to be yelled at and punished by James for mistakes. Because a small mistake could be forgiven, but a mistake that led to a loss would be punished for months on end. And Lydia and Mary neither wanted to deal with such a thing. As Lydia did figure-eights and attempted to score on Mary, she contemplated the ways in which this connection benefited them in non-Quidditch pursuits as well. After Mary had been used as wannabe-Death-Eater target practice, for example, Lydia was the first to recognize that something was very, very wrong with Mary. She'd mentioned it to Lily, who did a bit of Lily Evans snooping, and it was then brought to the attention of Professor McGonagall, who was able to confirm that Mary Evans had been used for practicing Unforgivable Curses. Lydia hadn't been praised as the hero in that situation, as Lily had been taken as the hero in that situation, but Mary knew it had been Lydia, and had thanked her profusely for getting her help. "So," Lydia finally said when they were in the locker room, changing into less sweaty robes, "How's Artemis?" Artemis was Mary's best friend, not Lydia, in spite of the constant understanding of each other. Because in spite of their connection, Mary and Lydia did not share secrets. Lydia actually wasn't sure if Mary and Artemis shared secrets, but she assumed they did, because everyone had to share secrets with someone. Even if it was just one person. "Same as always," Mary said with a laugh. She then went on to talk more about the crazy party Artemis had thrown over summer holidays, which Lydia had been hearing about for the whole month they had been back at school. Lydia tuned it out, then, not needing to hear about the antics of the Marauders for the millionth time. Besides, she had a day to get through, which included a lot of homework before going to sleep. The day was an average day like every other, and Lydia found herself in one of the armchairs by the fireplace that evening, trying to focus on her homework. Lily was on the floor at Lydia's feet, pouring over a Potions essay that Lydia had been putting off. After all, her Arthimancy was so much more interesting. But she wouldn't be able to put it off forever, and she kept glancing anxiously at Lily as she worked on the essay, hoping that it would give her a stroke of inspiration on her own essay. Suddenly, there was a disturbance in the common room of a completely uncommon sort. Sirius Black was in the corner with James and Remus and Peter, the four of them with their heads together as always. That wasn't the strange bit. The strange bit was the fact that Sirius seemed to be getting more and more upset about something, to the point where people around them were starting to stop whatever they were doing and watching the building strangeness at the Marauder table. Lily even put down her quill with a frown and looked over at the Marauders for a long moment, prompting Lydia to set her book down and to the same. Sirius was very red in the face at this point, speaking in a low but urgent tone to Remus. It seemed as though they were... fighting? Remus seemed a bit alarmed, but otherwise calm, which was Remus through and through. Very little could rattle the bookish Marauder enough to make him raise his voice, and whatever was bothering Sirius was obviously not among those things. "Can you hear them?" Lydia asked Lily, who had the better hearing out of the two of them. Lily shook her head, narrowing her eyes a little and trying to decide whether or not she could read their lips. At this point, though, Lydia saw that Remus motioned over to the fireplace and the other Marauders looked over at the girls with their curious, confused expressions and all intense whispering at that table ceased. After a moment, Remus muttered something to the other Marauders and Sirius grew pale almost instantly, then turned bright red, spat something that seemed vicious by the look on his face, and then got up abruptly and started to storm off to his dormitory. "Sirius, c'mon," James called after him and Sirius turned around sharply and glared at his best friend, causing the room to grow almost eerily quiet. "No," Sirius said harshly. "No, James, I'm not sitting and listening to this. I won't." "Sirius, I'm sorry," Remus said, truly looking incredibly abashed for whatever he'd supposedly done. "I know that-" "Don't say another word," James said sharply, looking over at Lily and Lydia, who were watching them intently, interestedly. "What are they talking about?" Lydia whispered as Sirius continued to storm out of the room, this time unhindered by his friends. "I'm... I'm not sure," Lily said slowly, picking up her quill again and frowning at it. "But I'm getting the feeling that they were talking about you." Lydia couldn't quite fathom why they would have such controversy over her, but she also couldn't imagine Sirius behaving so strangely after talking about Lily. It bothered Lydia slightly that in spite of knowing the Marauder's secrets she still couldn't decipher all of their strange moods and behaviors. Sirius, Sirius was the one who really seemed a mystery lately. His behavior was growing increasingly bipolar and sporadic since the train ride, and Lydia was finding it both intriguing and exhausting to deal with. She never knew if he was going to yell at her or be sweet as pie, and trying to anticipate was driving her crazy. "I should probably check on him," she heard James sigh, and she watched him pick up his wand and go upstairs after Sirius, noting that Remus and Peter were squirming uncomfortably in their seats, probably still thinking about whatever the fight had actually been over. "I'll be back," Lydia muttered, putting down her book and walking over to the boys where they were sitting, noting that the rest of the common room appeared to have gone back to their usual and previous activities. "Lydia!" Peter squeaked nervously. "Hi." "Hi, Peter," Lydia said, clinging to his greeting as an excuse to sit down. "Is... is Sirius okay? I don't think I've seen him so upset about something in a while. Well, unless you count the train." Remus flinched a little at the mention of the incident on the train and Lydia got the sense that the two outbursts were somehow related. She nodded a little to herself and looked down at the blank bit of parchment in front of them that looked strangely familiar. But that was crazy, because parchment all looked more or less alike... didn't it? "He'll be all right," Remus finally said. "I... He's just a bit tense at the moment. He'll be fine." Something about the weak way Remus offered up this assurance meant that it didn't ring true to Lydia, but she just nodded, glancing over at the armchair where her book sat and wondering what she was supposed to say or do next. "He's... he's just been a bit off lately, so I was worried," she said slowly. Artemis came downstairs and settled with Lily on the floor in front of the fireplace. "I guess I'll leave you to your homework again, then," she finally said, not knowing what else to say. "Right, homework. Right," Peter squeaked, and Lydia looked at him with concern before going back to her chair and hearing Remus smack Peter lightly as she walked away. "Those bloody boys," Lydia sighed. "Those boys are going to be the death of me. Peter's being weird." "Being weird, or being weird for Peter?" Artemis asked without looking up from her Herbology book. Lydia frowned slightly, trying to decide as she settled back into her chair. "Just being weird, I suppose," she admitted. "Then I wouldn't be too worried," Artemis said firmly. "Anyway, I think they're just stressed. A lot's going on, you know, with seventh year and everything. Even the Marauders have to make sense underneath all their strangeness." And Lydia supposed that Artemis must be right, she just wished that she knew what sense they were making.
A/N: My computer is behaving poorly... or rather, misbehaving. This chapter is being written from Missing Triforce's computer, or at least begun there. SIGH. I've got the outline done, though, so hopefully nothing will stop the flow of chapters! :D -C Lily ran the comb through her auburn hair once more and gave her reflection a nod. "All right," she told Lydia. "I think we're ready to go." Lydia bit back a comment that it had taken her best friend long enough. But if she was being fair, the cold November air was doing a number on Lily's incredibly sensitive skin and Lily's refusal to go out when her skin looked so blotchy was more than understandable. But Lydia couldn't help but be jealous that Lily not looking perfect just when she woke up in the morning was a big deal somehow. They bundled up and headed down to the common room, where the Marauders were already gathered, huddled around the fire, discussing their course of action for the second Hogsmeade weekend of the year. "Hello, ladies!" James said in his bright, friendly, everyone-wants-to-punch-you-for-being-thus-so-earl y-in-the-morning sort of way. "Get a life, Potter," Lily snapped unnecessarily, and James froze for a moment, perhaps wondering what he'd done, but Lydia gave him an apologetic shrug and followed her best friend out into the corridor. "He was just being nice, Lily," Lydia said gently, but Lily wasn't listening. They made their way down to the entrance hall, out the doors into the cold morning air, and crossed the grounds with increasing swiftness. "We are having a girl's day," Lily finally said firmly. "We will not let those boys spoil our special girl's day." "Of course not," Lydia conceded, thinking that perhaps Lily needed to get a sharp kick of reality if she thought that a friendly greeting was an attempt to spoil something. As fun as it was to spend time with her best friend since first year, Lydia had often thought that Lily got a bit nutty about girl's days, and it seemed to only have gotten worse since Lily and Severus stopped talking. Lily was even touchier than she'd ever been, and the girl had always had a temper that worked perfectly with her red hair. "Now," Lily said firmly, "we should start with a quick breakfast in the Great Hall, then off to Hogsmeade." "Of course," Lydia chimed, knowing that nothing was going to change in their perfectly worked out routine. "We could start off at Gladrags," Lily said thoughtfully, as if this wasn't where they started every time. "Then Honeydukes, of course." "Naturally," Lydia said, not really listening anymore to what now felt like a carefully rehearsed speech. By the time they got to the Great Hall, Lily had finished detailing their plans for the day and Lydia had absently agreed to everything, sitting down and eagerly gobbling up her bacon and eggs, lamenting that she had not the time to drink tea properly. She thought with a sad twinge that Severus would tease her about it, if he were with them, but then she just poured a bit of water and turned to her food. "Right," Lily said when the two girls finished their breakfast. "Let's go to Hogsmeade!" The familiar path down to the quaint village seemed shorter every year, and when they reached the village their feet took them directly to Gladrag's as if they'd ordered their feet to do so by merely discussing it earlier that morning. It was remarkable how habits manifested themselves. The girls spent the morning perusing the racks in the shop and chatting with the owner about the latest styles. Lily tried on dozens of clothes. Lydia tried on nothing, merely complimenting her beautiful friend. "Miss Rowe, I believe this would suit your coloring," said the shopkeeper eagerly, always trying to entice her into trying something on, although she never did. They came to his shop because of Lily's love of clothes, not because Lydia took any pleasure out of pretty clothes that she knew she could never feel right wearing. "No, thank you, really," she said as kindly as she could, but Lily had gotten excited. "Oh, Lydia, do try it!" Lily pressed. "You never try anything and it's very dull of you. Come on, just this one!" But Lydia took one look at the dress and could almost picture herself in the fitting room, stripped down and about to defile the beautiful blue garment with her malnourished, unworthy body. She shivered. "No, really, Lily, I feel not in the mood to try on clothes," Lydia said, not untruthfully. She was never in the mood. "Besides, you still have three to go," she told her friend, motioning to the robes Lily hadn't yet tried on that they'd picked out from the racks. They spent the rest of the day doing their favorite things, but Lydia couldn't help but feel a bit off, thinking of how Lily kept looking at her, wondering why she wouldn't just try on the robes. Finally, when they sat down in the Three Broomsticks for lunch and Lily had ordered, Lydia buried her face in her hands and told her best friend, "Can we just pretend it didn't happen?" "No," Lily said. "Because it did happen. I won't ask if you don't want me to, but it did happen, Lydia. You know that." "I know," Lydia sighed. "We'll probably talk about it another time, anyway," Lily said with a shrug, smiling a little as Rosmerta brought their order to the table. "Let's enjoy today and deal with it later." Lydia nodded in agreement, knowing full well that she would always try to find a way to put off talking about her home life with Lily, and everyone else, just a little bit longer. Maybe forever, although she suspected Lily would find out sooner or later, even if Lydia managed to keep it from everyone else. At the end of their girl's day, they headed back up to the dormitory with Lily's new robes and loads of sweets, ready to show off the pretty lavender robes to the other girls. Lily tried the robes on once more, and to say that everyone was jealous of beautiful Lily in her beautiful new clothes would have been a vast understatement. Lydia just smiled at her pretty friend, wondering if there would ever come a day when Lily would look back at pictures of herself from school and wonder at how her beauty had faded. Perhaps it was a cruel thing to think, but Lydia wasn't feeling especially kind that day. When the freshness of the new robes had worn off and people had gone about their business, Lydia decided that she should take a shower, get rid of the almost unseemly thoughts of the day by washing them away. Severus would laugh at her when she did things like this, but Lydia insisted that it always made her feel better, cleaner. What she hadn't expected to find was the sound of someone crying near the shower in the back of the bathroom they shared. Lydia inched forward quietly, not wanting to startle whoever it was, trying desperately to think of who had been missing when she'd left the room. She rounded the corner to find Mary crying into her knees, arms wrapped tightly around her folded legs, shaking all through as though something had absolutely terrified her. "Mary?" Lydia said gently, hoping to get a glimpse of her friend's eyes, desperate to know that it was anything but the Imperius Curse. A nightmare, perhaps, or being sick... Anything would be better than this. Mary looked up, tears streaking her cheeks. Lydia put a hand on her friend's knee and sighed. No Imperius Curse. Just bloodshot eyes from crying. "Mary, what's wrong?" Mary just shook her head, refusing to answer. At first, Lydia was perturbed, upset, wanting to force her friend to explain the nature of these tears. But then she recalled how close she herself had been to crying earlier that day and how Lily had not pressed her, perhaps sensing just how close Lydia had been to breaking down. Mary had already broken down. There was really no point in pressing her further. And how hypocritical would it be for Lydia to press Mary where Lily had backed off on Lydia? "It's all right," Lydia said gently. "You don't have to say." Mary just looked at her for a long moment, blinking at Lydia as if trying to decide what to say. "Thank you," she finally choked. "Can you stay with me?" "I... I guess," Lydia said slowly, feeling awkward, knowing that Mary wanted her to sit and watch her cry without an explanation as to why. "I mean, I was going to take a shower, but-" "Oh, don't let me keep you," Mary said, sniffling once last time, wiping her eyes and then taking out her wand, removing the redness from her eyes and puffiness from her skin with a practiced air that made Lydia wonder how long this had been going on. Mary left the room; leaving Lydia alone to undress turned carefully away from the mirror as always, and climb into the shower. She turned the water on in her habitual way, waiting only a moment before the water adjusted to the temperature she preferred. She ran her fingers through her hair to make sure it all wet down as quickly as possible. Did anyone else know Mary was crying alone in the bathroom? Had Organza or Artemis caught her at it? If Lily had done, knowing Mary's history, surely they would all know, if only to keep an eye on things. Should Lydia tell the others? She scrubbed up with the body wash Severus had gotten her more of at Christmas because it was what she'd asked him for, knowing that Lily already wanted to get her something new. She breathed in the scent of vanilla sugar as she let the warm water wash away the suds. But perhaps they already knew, or everyone but Lily at least, and then she would look like an idiot for not realizing sooner. What kind of friend would that make her? She ran the shampoo through her soaking hair, trying to decide what the best thing would be, for Mary. She could tell Lily, but she didn't think Lily would have been as understanding about Mary crying alone in the bathroom as she'd been about Lydia refusing to try on clothes at a store. For all Lily knew, Lydia was on her time of the month. For all Lydia knew, Mary was. Except she thought about it carefully and realized that Mary couldn't be, because she and Mary were at the same time. It was always hell, playing Quidditch during that week. Well, that meant that there must actually be something wrong with Mary, whatever it might be. Maybe Lily would be right to make a production, however Lydia didn't feel like it would be right to bring it up to Lily or anyone else, no matter what they may or may not already know. With that decision done, Lydia rinsed her hair, turned off the water, and climbed out of the shower, hastily pulling on a towel and drying herself thoroughly and systematically. With a quick nod in the mirror she called out to Lily to send in her night clothes, which Lily brought in dutifully. "Feeling better?" Lily asked kindly. "You were a bit off today." Lydia wanted to shriek that if Lily had to deal with herself on mornings which she did not wake up looking perfect she would understand what off was, but she swallowed those words and merely smiled at her best friend. "Much, thanks," she sighed, taking her things from Lily, who stood there for a moment as if trying to decide whether or not Lydia was lying before leaving the room. With a satisfied nod Lydia was left to dress in privacy. It was the following day, however, which really put Lydia into a decidedly bad mood. On her way to Defense Against the Dark Arts, Severus bumped into Lydia, and during class she discovered a note he'd slipped into her bag during the interaction. She hid it, nervous about what her friends would say if they saw it. Everyone knew she was still friends with Severus, but she really didn't interact with him at school, and leaving notes in each other's bags would almost seem like a secret romance or something. That was certainly the last thing she needed the Marauders thinking. During her free period, Lydia opened up the note in the Charms courtyard, frowning as she read the familiar, tight, spindly writing. Lydia, I know you're upset with me, and perhaps you have every right to be. I know I haven't been the best friend lately, even by our standards. But you need to be careful. Black is behaving strangely around you, and I think the Marauders - stupidest name - are up to something. I'm worried they'll pull you and Lily into their stupidity. Please, I hope you're still not upset about what I said to Lily. You know I didn't mean it, you heard me apologize every time, but... I don't know what to do. Has she said anything about me? Has she... Has she told you anything about what I tried to write to her this summer? I mean, you were there when I wrote the letter, but did she say anything about it? Has she mentioned me at all? I expect you to burn this after reading it, and I hope that you'll write me back promptly. I'm afraid that we won't be able to actually talk about this without fear of being overheard. You understand. Don't let Lily or Black see this, especially. -Sev Lydia rolled her eyes, folding up the parchment again and considering whether or not she would burn the letter. She decided she would hide it away, put it in the box in which she kept all of the letters he told her to burn. She didn't like not keeping a record of things, and what if she needed it again later? Lydia was fairly certain that Severus knew she did this, but she'd never actually asked or told him. But she also decided not to reply. It would only encourage him, and she knew Lily wouldn't be pleased. Perhaps it was a bit silly of Lydia to care what Lily thought about Lydia's continued friendship with Severus, especially when Lily was being so unreasonably self-righteous about the whole thing, but Severus had been rather hurtful. And Lydia knew what that kind of hurt felt like, so she tried to be considerate to her best friend. In fact, Lydia got to experience a healthy dose of that hurt at dinner that very night, when Organza sat down across from her. Organza Oldington was, to put it kindly, a first class bitch. For example, one of her favorite things in the world was to get attention for herself. And one of her favorite ways to get that attention was to make other people the butt of her every joke. And her favorite joke-butt was Lydia, actually. They'd lived in the same dorm for now six years with more-or-less strained friendliness, but they had both known that this was only to keep Lily from making them 'talk through their problems' and the like. Organza had taken a specific delight in the fact that Lydia pined so obviously over Remus, and she made a point of teasing her for it whenever Lily wasn't around, but apparently her boldness had reached new heights. "You know, Lydia," Organza said with a cruel glint in her eyes, "I thought for a moment that I saw you and Remus snogging in a corridor, but then I realized you couldn't have been because you two are pathetic." Lily raised her eyebrows with shock, but before she could put out the flames, Organza continued. "Is it because he's gay for Sirius and James, or is it because you're so utterly boring and repulsive that'd he'd rather be gay than have to admit he just doesn't like you?" Mary actually dropped her fork and with the clattering of it onto the plate Lydia realized with horror that the entire table had heard what Organza had just said. That included Remus, whose ears were pricked up and bright red with embarrassment. Lydia could think of a dozen things she wanted to say to Organza, things that deserved to be said, but instead she just looked at the girl to avoid looking at the Marauders, or all the people who were staring at her. She bit the inside of her mouth so that Organza couldn't see, and Artemis squeezed her hand supportively under the table. "Tell me, Organza," Artemis said smoothly, "did you really get detention for being in a broom cupboard with Connor Pilkington? I imagine McGonagall was livid. I almost feel sorry for her, having to see you behaving like the slut that you are." Organza turned red and was getting ready to retort when Lily interjected and calmed things down, returning dinner back to its typical, if uneasy, tenor. But Organza had gotten what she wanted - attention at Lydia's expense. Virtually all of Gryffindor had heard, and by morning the rest of the school would know. Lydia could almost hear Severus chiding her, telling her how absurd she was for not standing up for herself when she was perfectly capable, or telling her that it was despicable for her to allow Artemis to fight her battles for her. Swallowing a particularly large forkful of peas, Lydia glanced down the table to where the Marauders sat, Remus determinedly staring at his plate, James eagerly telling Peter something, and Sirius kept glancing thoughtfully over at the girls as if trying to decide something. When he caught Lydia's eye he smiled a little, looked down at his fork, and began to look back up at her again, but Lydia turned away quickly, hoping she wasn't blushing and trying to think of why it would even matter.
"Are you sure you won't come along?" Artemis said with a pout. "My mum said she'd love to take you to Spain." "No, it's fine, really," Lydia insisted, shaking her head at her friend. "My parents said you could certainly stay with us over the break again," Lily said softly. "Mary's coming, too, and Petunia's off with her own friends to Germany, so we could make a proper run of things." "Really, Lily, I'd rather stay here, but thank you," Lydia lied. The fact of the matter was she couldn't stand the idea of going to Lily's house for Christmas. The last time she'd spent a Christmas with the Evans family, it was because her own house was so repulsive to her and she couldn't admit it to the others, so she'd had to make arrangements with Lily at the last minute. Of course, Lydia had learned her lesson and stayed at Hogwarts if she didn't have an offer from someone she really couldn't find a way to refuse. But she did really want to stay at Hogwarts this year, alone, to have some time to sort out her feelings about the future and what she would have to do once she left school in a couple of years. "I'll be fine," Lydia insisted. "Peter's staying-" "No, he's not," Organza said in her awful, sing-song voice, teasing Lydia. "I happen to know that Peter is going to Greece with the Potters and Sirius. I think they'll have a right good time, shag many Greek girls-" "Organza, could you please shut up?" Artemis sighed. She then turned to Lydia and smiled helpfully. "Spain looking a little better?" "I'm not going, Artemis," Lydia said with an amused smile. "But thanks." She watched her friends finish up with their packing and she bit her lip, wondering when she would start regretting her decision in full. "Lydia, have you seen my blue sweater?" Lily asked, going through her things, frowning. "I borrowed it last week, Lily," Mary said with a smile. "It's somewhere in my trunk, so it'll make it to your place." Lydia picked at the loose strings of her duvet, wondering how long they'd been there and when the house elves would fix them. "I'm so excited for France," Organza sighed, ignoring the fact that nobody was listening to her. "Paris in the winter-" "Is bleak," Artemis muttered. "And the French boys-" "Are poofs," Mary hissed at Artemis and Lydia barely under her breath. Lydia and Artemis giggled and Lily rolled her eyes, although at Organza or about the antics of the other girls, it was impossible to say. Organza, although certainly having heard the other girls, was still avidly ignoring them. She smiled, sighing dramatically and falling onto the foot of her bed with a bounce. "Oh, Lydia, I hope you don't spend too much of your holiday wishing you were me," Organza said with a smirk. "I know it will be hard for you, but soldier on." Lydia curled her nails up until they were digging rather painfully into her palms, but she just smiled inanely. "We'll miss the train if we don't go soon, girls," Lily said sharply, cutting off the nonsense and reminding everyone, as she often did, that she was in charge of the situation thank-you-very-much, and she would get the whole thing cleaned up. "Right," Artemis said with a smile. She kissed them all on the cheek, excepting a scowling Organza, and Mary and Lily followed suit, and Lydia was left alone in the dormitory, staring out the window at the grounds, almost wishing already that she'd taken up on one of the offers she'd been given this year. She was just about to pull the covers over her head when she heard a tapping at the window. Frowning with confusion, Lydia got up to let in the owl at the window. "Hi, there," she said to the shivering school owl, giving it a treat and taking the note from it. "What on earth?" She unfolded the notes that held the familiar scrawl of Severus on it, and she sighed. At least the Marauders and Lily couldn't see this. Lydia, I heard Lily and MacDonald talking about you staying for the holidays. I hope they haven't managed to talk you into going back with them, because it just so happens that I'm the only Slytherin staying, and you're the only Gryffindor in your year staying, from what I've heard. I know we haven't really spent as much time together since N.E.W.T.s, but I think this could be a good time for us to sit down, talk it out and maybe come to some sort of understanding. Maybe I won't ever sort things out with Lily, but at least we could still be friends. Right? I'll be at the Charms Courtyard after lunch today if you're wanting to sort things out. -Sev Lydia sighed. It wasn't that she didn't want to spend time with Severus, but he of course ignored the fact that there were other Gryffindors staying over the holidays, and they were bound to mention her hanging out with Severus to the others. It would get around to Lily and the Marauders, and she hated the thought of what might happen to the pair of them when that happened. But maybe... maybe she could figure out something. She turned the note over, scribbled on the back of it that she'd meet him in their secret place, and sent the bird away again, feeling bad about the cold it had to fly into. Lydia then curled up under her covers as she had intended to do and hoped that she would have a not-so-very miserable holiday this year. Maybe, she thought with a smile, she and Severus could have some good fun if they were careful about things. She hugged her pillow a bit tighter and sighed, thinking of the Hogwarts Express taking her friends to London at that very moment and how she'd never been happier to be apart from them. They spent almost every day of break together, as it turned out, exploring Hogwarts, playing gobstones, and gossiping. On Christmas day, they decided to play hooky of a sort and skipping the organized Christmas meal to eat in a false corridor on the sixth floor that Remus had showed Lydia back before things had become awkward with her feelings for him. "Thank you for the chocolates, by the way," Lydia said with a smile. "And the lovely scarf. Did you actually pick it out yourself?" "It wasn't hard," Severus replied wryly. "It's the same style you always wear." Lydia smirked at the scarf wondering if she was truly so predictable, or if Severus just knew her very well. "Well, anyway," he said, clearly proud of himself for getting the right gift, "thank you for the robes, although you shouldn't have." "Don't mention it," Lydia said with a laugh. "Literally, don't. It'll spoil the Marauder's next big prank, which I won't tell you about, thank you very much, but you'll thank me even more later." "I'm sure I will," Severus grumbled. "Well, you really shouldn't have spent so much on me. That's a week's worth of food this summer." "I'll manage," Lydia said with a dismissive shrug. Severus gave her a disapproving look, which she ignored. She would manage, somehow. She was ignoring the fact, as well, that her gifts to other friends were not simply baubles she could have transfigured from buttons. "I sent Lily something," Severus said with a frown. "Do you think she'll burn it?" Lydia shrugged noncommittally and said, "Maybe." But they both knew it was a lie to protect his pride. Lily was almost certainly burning his present at that very moment, whatever it was. "Ah, well," Severus said dismissively, although Lydia knew his pride was hurt. "Maybe they're roasting something over the fire." In spite of herself, Lydia's lips curled up into a little smile and she pulled her cloak tighter around her shoulders. "Do you remember that time we roasted marshmallows over the fire we made out of our parents' things?" she asked. "Yes," he replied, frowning. "It was stupid." "Best marshmallows I ever had," Lydia argued. "Have you forgotten the beating I got after?" Severus asked softly. Lydia frowned, but she didn't answer. She had forgotten, but when he mentioned it she remembered the blood running down his lips, down his chin, onto his clothes. She shivered a little, thinking of how long it had taken for her to fix him up again, how much she'd apologized, how sullen he'd been for days. "I don't think it was worth it." "No," she agreed with a sigh. "No, I guess it really wasn't. Still, we did have fun before... before that." "I suppose we did," he conceded, yawning and stretching a bit. "You're cold, aren't you?" "No," Lydia lied, but she shivered again and pulled her cloak tighter still, blushing. Severus took out his wand, pulled a bit of spare parchment out of his pocket, and set it on fire with bluebell flames they'd learned in charms, letting it go in the middle of the room. "There," he sighed, watching the flames flicker on the walls. "Want to get the house-elves to bring us marshmallows?" Lydia smirked, leaning over to lean against Severus as he pressed his back to the wall. She rested her head on his chest and he stroked her hair. "No thanks," she said. "I'm pretty happy like this." They just sat there for several minutes, not talking, watching the bluebell flames flicker on top of the parchment without consuming it. "Don't you wish we could do this more?" Lydia asked, sighing and turning her head to make herself more comfortable. "I mean, whenever we want." "Of course I do," Severus said softly. "But you insist on caring what those dunderheads think of you, so we are thus limited." She rolled her eyes. "They're my friends, Severus. Do you honestly think your friends would be all right with us being like this?" "Yes," he said softly, running his fingers through her hair. He'd said many a time how incredibly soft her hair was, how jealous he was. "Several of them have lamented that your impure blood makes you a less-than-ideal marriage prospect." "Ew," Lydia groaned. "I haven't even told you who," Severus teased. "No, they think you have the proper temperament and look for a pureblooded wife. Just not the blood." "Sure they're not all purebloods," Lydia reasoned. "But I suppose none of them would risk sinking any lower with a less than impeccable wife, yes?" "Precisely," Severus drawled. "It's all silliness when you get past the Mudbloods-" "Don't say that," Lydia said stiffly. "Please." "Apologies." She sat up and looked down at his lazy face, which had tensed slightly at the admonishment. "It's nothing to do with Lily," she said softly, smiling at him sadly. "I know you have to use words like that when you're amongst the other Slytherins. I get it. But Mary and Lily are my best friends and it's a disgusting word that makes my skin crawl when I think of how people use it. And I hate hearing it when you say it because you're one of my best friends. I like the sound of your voice, Sev. Don't make me hate it." "I am sorry," he said sadly. "I know," Lydia sighed, settling back in against his chest. "Let's just enjoy today, shall we?" "Of course," he whispered, running his fingers through her hair again, and they watched the bluebell flames once more. "Happy Christmas, Sev," Lydia sighed contentedly. "Happy Christmas, Lydia." They sat like that until Lydia was nearly asleep against Severus's chest, when he suggested that she get a cup of tea, wake herself up, and freshen up so that nobody got suspicious about what she'd been up to all day. "Right," she muttered sleepily. "See you soon, Sev." He put out the flames and nodded. Lydia went back to her room, made a cup of tea from the tea bags she kept in her trunk, a mug, and hot water her wand produced. While she let the tea steep, she began pulling off her clothes, contemplating a shower, when an owl began knocking at the window. "That's odd," she muttered, fairly certain that it wasn't from Severus. After all, she'd just left him and they'd already made plans to meet up again. There was really no reason to write her. Opening the window, Lydia watched the owl flopped in, carrying a package. "Right," she sighed, closing the window quickly and untying the parcel so that the bird could reorient itself. "Right, let's see if there's something I can feed you." She managed to find some owl treats in Lily's drawer and put some water in a fresh mug, setting both in front of the haggard owl. "Let's see what this is, shall we?" she told the owl brightly, taking the teabag out of her mug before turning to unwrap the parcel, curious. It was a Christmas present, she realized, although she had already opened presents from everyone she'd expected one from. She opened the small box and saw a beautiful crystal pendant, with a delicate blue crystal hanging from a silver chain. She didn't buy jewelry often enough to know how much it was, but she guessed it was rather expensive. There was no card or letter, just a small, scribbled note in a hand she didn't quite recognize that said, "For the most beautiful girl." Her heart pounded for a moment thinking perhaps it was from Remus, or a secret admirer or something. Of course, she wouldn't put it past Artemis to do something like this to boot her confidence. "Well," Lydia sighed, lifting the pendant out of the box. "Well, it's certainly pretty, isn't it?" The owl cooed and she looked over to see it had finished the owl treats and was lapping eagerly at the water. "Right," Lydia muttered. "I'm talking to an owl. Right." When the owl had fully rested Lydia let it back out to fly back to wherever it was from and she drank her tea, putting on her dressing gown and curling up on her bed, looking at the pendant as it spun in the candlelight. "Hmm," she muttered. "Definitely expensive." The most negative thing about that was that it was almost certainly not from Remus. He'd already gotten her a present that he could probably barely afford. The likelihood that he could afford to get her a straw on top of it was virtually impossible, much less an expensive pendant. Artemis could certainly afford it, and Sirius and James, but she didn't think either of those boys would write a note that said what the note had said. Artemis was possible. But, she thought, it was possibly a secret admirer. Of course, the notion was silly, as she knew she wasn't even the most attractive girl in her dormitory, much less "the most beautiful girl." Not unless he was blind. Lydia sat up a bit straighter, thinking through all the boys she knew, trying to think if she knew anyone who was blind. Well, everyone had suspected that Davey Gudgeon had suffered a bit in the vision department after his run-in with the Whomping Willow, but nobody had actually found any evidence of it. She really didn't know what Davey's hand-writing looked like, but the very idea of poor Davey Gudgeon sending Lydia expensive jewelry made her feel a bit uncomfortable. "No," she sighed, setting the pendant down on her bedside table and finishing her tea. "Not Davey." Placing the mug on the bedside table by the pendant, Lydia got up, took off her dressing gown, and made her way into the bathroom where she started the shower, adjusting the temperature carefully. One good thing about having the dormitory to herself was that Lydia could feel free. No one would walk in on her. No one would see her body or judge her. No one but the mirror, and she knew where every mirror in the castle was. She could avoid mirrors when she wanted. When the water was perfect Lydia stepped in, mind still turning over the pendant. She let the warm water run down her body and closed her eyes, not wanting to look at herself from the unflattering angle of her own perspective. The mirror was a bit better, but legs always looked fatter, tummies curvier, arms flabbier, from the first person perspective. Instead of thinking about her body she ran her fingers through her hair to wet it for shampoo and tried to think about how likely Artemis was to send her such a gift. The strangest thing about it, Lydia decided as she lathered in the shampoo, was that Artemis wasn't a very anonymous person. She would pull a stunt like sending Lydia an expensive gift with a falsely positive note, but she would sign her name, wouldn't send a decoy gift. Perhaps she bought the first gift in England and decided that something she saw in Spain suited Lydia so well that she had to send it, but then why not sign her name to the note? And the handwriting didn't look anything like Artemis's writing, and while it did strike a chord in her memory Lydia couldn't seem to figure out which chord. She took her shower, dried off slowly, relishing the unrushed feeling of being alone. Then Lydia brushed and dried her hair, putting on nightclothes and climbing into bed, turning over in her bed to look at the pendant lying on the bedside table. Whoever sent it, she supposed, would remain a mystery for a while, at least until the other students came back in January. With a frustrated sigh, Lydia tried to push the whole thing from her mind and turned onto the other side, waving her wand to put out the candles before setting it, too, on the bedside table. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on nothing but elusive sleep.
James sent out a letter the day after New Year's that they would have their first Quidditch practice back on the first day of term, so everyone but Lydia had barely gotten settled in when they had to wake up at ungodly hours of the morning once more to satisfy their vicious dictator, James Potter. "I can't feel my face," Mary moaned as the girls walked out to the pitch together. "I can't feel my fingers," Lydia admitted. "Rowe!" James shrieked. "MacDonald! Get your arses down here before I make you do a double practice!" "Why does he always threaten us with that?" Mary whimpered. "Can't he get an imagination?" "If this is how cruel he is without an imagination I shudder to think what he's like with one," Lydia muttered, getting on her broom as soon as she reached the pitch and kicking off the snow-covered ground to come level with James in the air. "Run our tactical Chaser approach for Slytherin," he barked. "MacDonald, I want you thinking like the Slytherin Keeper for the first half. I want you to treat us like you're an ugly Slytherin ape and you're -" "I know, James," Mary sighed. "I'm on it." "Good," he said with disgruntled approval. James didn't like being interrupted, especially whilst giving first-practice-of-term instructions. He finished up the instructions, including putting out the Bludgers first thing. "No Snitch," he ordered. "If you could just play as an opposing Chaser, that'd be great. Melissa, if anyone gets hurt at this practice you're doing an extra set of laps!" Lydia barely spared a moment of pity for Melissa, who'd been having a hard time doing her usual spectacular job in the cold, before she was doing exactly what James had asked, getting into formation on the left wing, watching James for the signals she was supposed to have memorized. The truth was Lydia went almost entirely on instinct instead of the plays James had given her, especially when she was fresh off a holiday, because she found studying plays boring and James rarely yelled at her for making instinctual mistakes. Practice was cold, miserable, but surprisingly productive. Apparently James knew what he was doing, dragging them out in the snow, because everyone listened to his instructions better for the utter desire to get back inside by a fireplace. "All right!" James called, having them circle in with the Beaters on alert for the still-circling Bludgers. "Great job, everyone! Melissa, I want you to help me collect the Bludgers and we can all go inside!" Lydia and Mary were on the far side of the field, and just out of habit they decided to fly down at an angle so the landing was relatively soft, and it turned out, in this case, that it was the best thing Lydia could have done. She was about five feet from the ground when a Bludger came out of nowhere and hit her in the thigh. "Sorry!" Melissa cried, horrified. "I'm so sorry!" "I've got it!" James cried, catching the Bludger in question and re-chaining it in the box. Lydia had fallen onto the ground, her broom landing beside her in the snow. She groaned, feeling her leg begin to throb. James landed beside her, rolling her over in the snow and saying, "Where did it hurt?" "Thigh," she groaned. He pulled out his wand and began to scan her thighs with it. "No broken bones," he said. "Knowing you, it'll bruise, maybe swell, but if you go see Remus he's got something that should help with that. Melissa can do extra laps next time, since we've already called an end to practice, and MacDonald! Take Rowe to find Remus and report back!" "We're not in an army, James," Mary growled. "I'll take her, but because she's my friend, not because you want me to report to you." She helped Lydia get out of James's earshot and muttered, "Bloody tyrant." "He means well," Lydia gasped. "Let's just get there quickly, it's already starting to swell." "Well, falling in the snow probably helped," she said weakly, smiling. "Like nature's icepack!" But Lydia was too much in pain to be amused. She wanted to compose herself enough that Remus didn't see her as a sobbing wreck, but it was difficult with the distance they had to cover. "Almost there," Mary said as they hobbled across the common room, and nearly ran into Remus, who was coming down the stairs, perhaps to get breakfast. "Lydia?" he yelped in surprise. "What happened? Quidditch?" "Bludger," Lydia muttered. "Large bruise likely. Swelling. James said you had something-" "A salve, yeah," Remus said nervously, taking her from Mary. "Thanks, Mary, I've got her from here. C'mon, Lydia, let's get you settled." If she hadn't been gritting her teeth to keep from crying, Lydia would have been able to appreciate Remus holding her. "I thought you guys were done with practice," Remus said. "What happened?" "They were getting the Bludgers, but Melissa missed one as I was landing," Lydia sighed. "I should have been paying more attention, but I was just so happy to be done that I didn't really think about it. And Melissa had been doing really well all morning. I guess James might be right. Our reflexes really are off when we come back from holiday." "Or maybe accidents just happen," Remus said reasonably helping her hobble up the staircase. "I hope James doesn't blame Melissa for this. She's under a lot of stress." "What d'you mean?" Lydia asked, wishing they didn't keep getting higher up the tower as they got older. "Just that Melissa's having a hard time in Transfiguration," Remus said softly. "I found her crying in the library the other day. If she doesn't get a passing grade soon, she's going to have to quit the team. I told James about it, and he's going to get a tutor for her, but he doesn't think it'd be appropriate if it's one of us." "Lily would do it," Lydia said as Remus helped her into the dormitory. He took off to the bathroom and Lydia sat down on a chair between his bed and Sirius's. "She might," he agreed. "Thanks for doing this," Lydia called, lifting her leg up to the bed nearest her, pulling her robes up to examine the swelling welt growing on her thigh. It was already a deep, unappetizing shade of purple that Lydia was certain skin as pale as hers should never be. "No problem," came Remus's voice. "I know we've got this salve somewhere. James..." There was a crashing sound. "Damn it! He keeps moving things, he thinks it's clever or cute or something to reorganize whenever he's bored." "No worries," Lydia said, glancing around the room. "It's not like I'm dying. Time is not of the essence." She bit back a groan as she shifted, settling in more comfortably for a possibly long wait. What caught her eye as she began looking around was the nearest bedside table, where there was a large stack of letters. Perhaps she shouldn't have picked them up, but Lydia had instantly recognized her own hand and was curious to see what this collection was. Almost in the moment she picked them up she recognized them as all the letters she had ever written to Remus, but as she flipped through them, she realized they all bore one major alteration: In every place she had written Remus's name, it had been crossed out by another hand and Sirius's name had been written in its place. Lydia's heart pounded as she tried to make sense of this, looking over at the place she had lifted them from, seeing nothing to signify that it was Remus's table, but instead a dueling medal Sirius had won the year before, a detention notice from McGonagall made out to Sirius, and his Arithmancy notes. Or rather, what she could only imagine were meant to be his Arithmancy notes from the hastily scribbled formulae and undefined terms that scattered the margins of the parchment. In the focus of each sheaf, each folio, were incredibly well-done sketches of a girl so beautiful Lydia was sure she couldn't exist. And yet, that was the way Lydia tucked her hair behind her ear when she was writing, and that was exactly the way her nose crinkled when she laughed, down to the last fold and freckle. Somehow these beautiful sketches were of some glorified version of Lydia herself. The thought that anyone could see her that way was incomprehensible. The fact that it was Sirius she could scarcely imagine. In her piqued curiosity, Lydia opened the drawer to find barely-sorted letters to her, all slightly crumpled with frustration, all bearing the unfinished declaration of something so seemingly urgent that Lydia wished she would find a finished thought somewhere, in anyone of them, just to begin to grasp what she was finding. Pictures, then, when she ran out of letters. Ones she'd posed for at parties, Quidditch team photos, pictures she couldn't even recall the event of and that she certainly hadn't posed for. There was a word forming in her mind, one she scarcely wanted to acknowledge even within her own mind because she couldn't bear to be wrong, but... Love. It would seem, to the desperate, confused eye of Lydia, that Sirius Black was in love with her. She thought of telling herself that it was simply her need to be wanted that read into what she was finding, but she knew she was lying to herself. "Got it!" came Remus's voice, and she turned, hand still in the drawer as she saw him come into the room, salve in hand, frozen with wide eyes as he took in the scene before him. His eyes darted all around the bedside table and with every moment, more and more comprehension dawned on his face. "Right," he finally muttered. "Right. Well, let's deal with your leg first and then we'll talk, okay?" Lydia had no objections to that, as her leg had swollen considerably, so he sat on what she assumed was Sirius's bed, taking the lid off the salve and setting it gently on top of the stack of letters. He daubed his fingers into the pale purple salve and began gently spreading it along her bruising, swelling thigh. Lydia closed her eyes as his fingers gently massaged her tender skin. "There," he said far too quickly. "The swelling is already going down, and the discoloration should fade throughout the day." She opened her eyes, looking up into his gentle amber irises, biting back a disappointed sigh. "Thanks," Lydia muttered, gingerly putting her leg off the bed and letting her robes fall to cover it again. They sat there awkwardly for a moment. "Well, then," Remus finally sighed. "I suppose we should talk about this, then." He exhaled heavily, nodded, and then said, "We need to start by talking about us, I guess. James and Sirius...they got fed up with me turning you down quite a lot, and Sirius got this grand plan he thought would be absolutely foolproof. He wanted to make me jealous. He started collecting pictures, tweaking your letters..." Remus sighed and shook his head. "Somewhere along the line, though, he started drawing you, started to realize that he was falling in love with you. He's...he's been struggling, trying to find a way to tell you how he feels, but I know it's hard for him when you keep going after me." Love. Lydia glanced at the sketches, touching the one on top, a sketch of Lydia studying by the window in the common room. "Is this really what I look like?" she whispered. Remus gave her a sad smile, nodding a bit absently. "I know it sounds a bit silly," he said softly, looking down at the sketch, "but I don't think you'll ever really know how beautiful you are, especially to us." She looked up at Remus, the scars lining his face, the far-off twinkle in his amber eyes, and she wondered if he would ever see how utterly beautiful he was. "I...I should probably go," Lydia finally said softly. "Thank you for help with the leg. I... Lily will be worried about me." "Of course," Remus said gently, hoarsely helping Lydia to her feet and watching her without apology. Lydia made her way to the common room in a bit of a daze, so she barely noticed that Sirius ran right into her. "Oh, sorry," Sirius said earnestly, grinning at her. "You all right?" "Yeah," she replied, only fibbing a bit. "I'm okay. We...um...I..." "I had a question, actually," Sirius said smoothly, talking straight over her fumbling words. "I was wondering if you wouldn't be able to help me with something." "Yes?" "Um," Sirius muttered. "Could you tutor me in Arithmancy? I...I could use a bit of help, and you're so good at it." This couldn't be happening. Lydia needed time to process and understand her new information. The last thing she'd wanted to do was deal with Sirius's quest to spend more time with her, which seemed so obvious now that she knew. "I...um," Lydia muttered, well aware of her blushing. "I'll need to check my schedule," she said nervously. "I...I'm fairly busy. You know...Quidditch and all that." "Of course," Sirius said quickly. "Let me know whenever is convenient for you." Before he could come up with another line of conversation, Lydia nodded hurriedly and ran up the stairs to her own dormitory, vaguely aware that he'd taken her attempt to put him off and turned it into a sort of agreement to tutor him. /-/ Sirius frowned after Lydia. Perhaps it was his imagination but he felt as though she'd just run away from him. Still, he shook it off and thought instead of the feeling of her body crashing into his as she rushed toward the girls' staircase. This thought in his mind, Sirius began to whistle and hopped up the steps to his own dormitory to find Remus sitting on Sirius's bed looking incredibly frazzled. "What's up, Mooney?" Remus looked up at Sirius and the carefree Marauder took a step back at the swirling frustration and fury and despair in his friend's amber eyes. "I hate you," Remus growled. "Why can't you ever learn to clean up after yourself?" Sirius blinked at him, confused. What was going on? Remus did tell all of them that they were excessively messy, but never in an angry way. It hardly merited the word 'hate.' The only time Sirius had seen Remus so upset and enraged was when Sirius had almost killed Snape by tricking him into going to the Shrieking Shack while Remus transformed. It was difficult for Sirius not to get distracted with furious thoughts of how close Lydia and Snape had been before Snape and Evans had their very public falling out. The fury Sirius had felt, seeing Snape hugging Lydia, holding her the way Sirius so longed to do still coursed through him no matter how he tried to get it out of his mind. "What did I do?" Sirius asked slowly, softly. Skiddish an angry animals had to be dealt with calmly, and Remus was often the same. "What happened?" "Lydia," Remus moaned, "found them." Found...what? Sirius looked over to his bedside table where his sketches and her letters were sitting out. His throat began to constrict. "What happened?" he managed to rasp out. Remus shook his head and said, "She got hurt during practice and I couldn't find the stupid salve because of James and his stupid habits. By the time I got out here she was looking in the drawer." Sirius closed his eyes tightly, his mind reeling. The drawer! How much had she seen? How much did she know? "I had to tell her," Remus whispered. That was the anger, then. As long as Lydia didn't know that someone loved her, maybe she would never fall in love with anyone else. Remus might have pushed her away dozens, hundreds of times, but Sirius knew better than anyone how much Remus's self-love was tied to his knowing that Lydia loved him. Sirius could taste through the tension in the air the possibility for change that could destroy the balance the two boys had found on the matter. "That's why she was so weird just now," Sirius finally said, unsure of what else to say. "I asked her to tutor me in Arithmancy and she said she'd think about it and sort of ran away." Remus sighed. The boys just sat there together, contemplating the implications of this turn of events, even as Lydia was doing the same in her own bed, elsewhere in Gryffindor Tower.
Artemis and the Marauders through a Valentine's Day Extravaganza in the common room every year, but this was one year Lydia couldn't console herself with the idea of sitting in a corner and eating chocolate until she was sick. No, this year she knew that Sirius Black would be watching her, and she didn't want anyone else to know about it because she still wasn't sure how she felt about the whole disaster. And she was still hoping, somehow, that she would have a Valentine from Remus, even though she knew she wouldn't, and that any secret, anonymous cards she received would almost certainly be from Sirius. "Is that what you're wearing, Lydia?" Mary asked softly. "You know, to the party." "I dunno if I want to go to the party," Lydia said with a shrug. "I'm not feeling well." "But you like this one," Mary said, confused. "I said I feel ill," Lydia complained, crawling into her bed and pulling the covers up to make her point. Mary raised her eyebrows and made certain they were alone. "This isn't about Sirius, is it?" she asked softly. Lydia's eyes opened wide and she sat up, mortified. "You know about that?" "The way that boy drools over you?" Mary scoffed. "I'm surprised the whole of Hogwarts hasn't figured it out. Have you seen the drawings yet?" "Yes," Lydia groaned, putting her pillow over her face. "Aren't they beautiful?" Mary sighed. "I wish a boy would do something like that for me. I really had no idea he was artistic until I saw those. Maybe Sirius really has a sensitive side." "I don't care," Lydia pouted. "His obsession with me is going to ruin my chances with Remus, and thereby, my chances for happiness." Mary giggled. "Aren't you the least bit pleased that Sirius Black is mad for you?" she sighed. "Most of the girls in the school would be thrilled, and I think even Lily would be a bit flattered, even if she didn't admit it out loud." "Of course I'm flattered," Lydia sighed. "But that's what makes this so complicated." "There is nothing complicated about the Valentine's Day Extravaganza," Mary said sternly, almost sounding like Artemis in that moment. "Now put on your pretty green lace dress and get your arse down to the common room like the rest of us." "Mary..." "Now," Mary said with a grin, and Lydia nodded, knowing she had to go now that she'd nodded. Lydia put on the dress in question, brushed out her hair, and put on a bit of lip gloss, not wanting to give anyone any reason to actually talk to her. She went down to the party, got a drink from Peter, who was running the bar at that moment, and found a corner of the common room to read in. "Same book?" Lily said sadly, sitting across from her. "What's so important about that Potions book, anyway?" "You know what," Lydia said softly, running her fingers along the close writing all around the margins. "You're not still friends with him, are you?" Lily asked, and her voice sounded calm but Lydia knew that Lily was hurt at the thought that Lydia might continue that friendship with Severus. "When would I find the time?" she sighed, flipping over another page. "Besides, there's a lot of good advice in these pages. It's saved my Potions grade more times than I can count." "Hello, ladies," Sirius said, sitting down beside Lily, his eyes darkening when he saw the book in Lydia's hands. "Not enjoying the party, Lydia?" "I'm not feeling well," she lied. "Maybe you'd feel better if you danced with me," Sirius said, grinning, obviously making himself get over the book for the sake of not fighting about it again. Or perhaps simply saving the fight for a day that wasn't intended for wooing. Lydia was torn between being flattered and being upset. Perhaps if Remus had asked, she might have, but Sirius... "I really don't feel up to it," she whispered. "But thank you." Lily raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Sirius took his defeat moderately well, as well as could be expected for him. He still lingered near her all night, watching her as she read, occasionally coming over to try to coax her into various social activities and bringing her drinks, but Lydia began to lie less and less, truly starting to feel ill after a few hours. "I think I'm going to bed," she said to Artemis. "I've developed a headache." "Lydia," Artemis whined, but Lydia shook her head faintly, heading up toward the dormitory. "Rowe?" James asked sharply, and she paused at the foot of the stairs. "You okay?" "No, James," she whispered, not looking at him, tears forming, so she closed her eyes to keep from crying. "No, I'm feeling sick. I'm going to bed." "Oh," he said, sounding very confused. "Was it the drinks? Because I can have a chat with Peter if-" "No, I wasn't feeling well to begin with," she lied. "Good night, James." With that Lydia ran upstairs before someone could have a further attempt to talk her out of it. She took a small vial for her headache and pulled off her clothes, ignoring everything else as she crawled into bed and drew the covers around her bed. It was taking longer that it probably should have for her to decide what to do about Sirius, but Lydia was not the most decisive person. She couldn't decide to ditch her Gryffindor friends for Severus, but without Severus she would feel all alone even with the Gryffindors all around her. And she could not decide what to do about Sirius because she was too worried to make a wrong move and lose all shot at Remus no matter what she did. Feeling just a little bit sick to her stomach, Lydia curled up, closed her eyes, and pretended to be asleep until she finally, mercifully, fell asleep, not after the other girls came back from the party downstairs. About a week later, Lydia was walking back to her common room for her free period, which she shared with Lily. They would spend the hour studying as usual, whatever Lily felt they needed the most work on. Before Lydia got there, however, someone pulled her into an abandoned classroom. "Severus," Lydia sighed. "You've really got to stop doing this." He did not let go of her wrist, holding her against a wall and speaking softly. "You need to talk to Lily," he hissed. "You need to get her to talk with me again." "I can't do that, Sev, and please stop asking," she sighed, leaning her head back against the wall. She never judged Severus because it felt too much like judging herself, but sometimes his teeth freaked her out. They were yellow and crooked, and hers might not be perfect but it didn't keep her from being a bit uncomfortable about his. "Please," he said, not really begging, more using a nice word for his demands. "She doesn't want anything to do with you," Lydia whispered, "and I cannot change that. Stop putting me in the middle." "You've been in the middle for years," Severus hissed. "I didn't put you there." Lydia tried to pull her arm away from him, but his grip tightened. "Let me go," she said. "Don't forget, Lydia," he said in a low, dark voice. "I know all your little secrets." "Stop it." "I know everything you lie about, every cover-up you've ever done, every single thing you hate about yourself-" "Stop it!" she shrieked, but he wasn't listening. "I could tell the world-" "You're not going to blackmail me into talking to Lily for you, Severus," Lydia hissed. "I refuse to be your pawn." His eyes flashed, but not with the anger she was so familiar with. She didn't know what it was. "Lydia, I'm not trying to blackmail you," he said earnestly. "But I worry about you, and it's painful for me, not getting to keep as close of an eye on you-" "I don't need your protection, Sev," Lydia replied firmly, frowning at him. "I'm not a child anymore. I've seen a lot." "I know," he said, his voice a bit hoarse. "And there are things about you that I could tell too," she continued confidently. "Don't put me in that position, Severus. Don't start a war between us." He sighed. "That's just the problem, Lydia," he whispered, putting his free hand on the wall beside her head. If Sirius could see them now he'd probably rip out Severus's throat, she thought as he kept talking. "This war. It's... I'm worried about you. I wish you would join me." She raised her eyebrows. Was Severus really asking her to become...a Death Eater? "Sev-" "No, just hear me out," he whispered. "I told you, plenty of people think you would make a good marriage. If you curry favor with the Dark Lord there's not a soul among his followers who wouldn't consider you as a bride-" "I don't want a pureblood," Lydia spat. "I want Remus." She didn't think of the implications of what that might mean with the whole mess with Remus and Sirius, so focused she was on her anger at what Severus was asking of her. "Lydia, you don't have to marry. Bellatrix-" "Is marrying Lestrange, Sev, everybody knows that," Lydia sighed. "Let's face it, it is expected for a woman to marry in those circles, and I doubt anyone would approve of Remus as my husband. And if I joined those circles, any chance I've ever had with him would be gone." "Did you have a chance in the first place?" Severus asked darkly. "Lydia, please. You'll be safer with the Dark Lord. And he can help you. The rage in you, Lydia, it's such a good conductor for Dark Magic-" "I don't want to be Dark, Severus!" Lydia cried. "I don't want to lose my friends, my convictions, just for a bit of safety! Have you considered the thought that he might lose, Sev? What then? Would I be safer going to jail with you all, or Merlin forbid, dying?" Severus squeezed her wrist hard for a moment, then let go and backed away from her, his eyes swirling and dark as tears filled her eyes. "I'm sorry I've upset you," he said, his voice hollow. "Perhaps we should not talk about this now." If Lydia had been someone else she might have insisted that they finish talking it out then and there and end the whole discussion once and for all, but Lydia was afraid, afraid of losing one of her best friends by being stubborn, and afraid of the topic of death, although she'd been the one to bring it up. Shaking slightly, she stepped off the wall, their eyes still interlocked as he watched her touch her wrist, not letting herself wince at the tenderness she felt there and not looking down at it. She would not let him know he'd hurt her or he'd be upset with himself and they'd be on even worse footing the next time they had the fight. Lydia left the room by backing out of the door, but Severus did not follow her into the corridor, so she turned on her heel and ran the rest of the way back to Gryffindor Tower. As she ran she thought of Severus's offer, the idea of her being a Death Eater, Dark Magic... But she had seen what Dark Magic had done to Severus, had done to his relationships, had done to his heart. It had taken the rage inside of him, and perhaps he was right about the rage feeding the Dark Magic, but she had a feeling that the Dark Magic fed the rage inside of him in equal measure, and the things he'd said since joining in with that crowd. She shivered slightly as the portrait swung forward, but composed herself before stepping into the common room and sitting down across from Lily. "You're late," Lily said, raising an eyebrow. "Sorry," Lydia said hastily, pulling out her things. "Had to stop at the toilet and there was a line. Which class are we doing today?" "I was thinking Herbology," Lily said, frowning. She believed Lydia, or she would have ignored the question and pressed some questions of her own. "I'd really rather not," Lydia sighed, rubbing her temples, tired. "It's been a long day already and the last thing I want is to feel like a failure at something right now." "You're not a failure!" "Yet," Lydia mumbled, finding herself to be too tired to argue further, so she pulled out her Herbology notes and a quill and ink, looking expectantly at Lily, who was still looking at her strangely. "Is there something on my face?" Lydia asked slowly, more jokingly than anything. If there had been something on her face that would make Lily look at her like that, she wouldn't want to know, she would just like to find the nearest corner to cry in. "No, sorry," Lily muttered, opening her textbook. "Something was just bugging me." "Wanna tell me what?" Lydia pressed, confused. Lily nibbled lightly on her lip, thinking. Finally, she looked up and said, "Your wrist." Eyes widening slightly, Lydia held out her good wrist and said, "Why, what's wrong with it?" Unconvinced that Lydia had picked that wrist for no good reason, Lily raised an eyebrow coolly and said, "The other one, Lydia." Lydia swallowed, trying to quickly come up with some good reason why her wrist had something wrong with it. Was it red? Had it bruised? Oh, who was she kidding? It was her skin; of course her wrist was bruised. Braving it, she pulled up her sleeve to show the marks to her own eyes, and to Lily's. "What happened?" Lily whispered, brushing her skin across the tender bruises gently, careful not to apply pressure. "Dunno," Lydia said with a shrug. "It's nothing, I'm sure. You know how easily I bruise, Lily. When I went to sleep last night I didn't have it, and it was there when I woke up. Maybe I was sleeping on it funny. I don't honestly care to think much about it. It doesn't hurt if I don't grab it, which I'm not apt to do." Lily just looked at the bruises, hesitating. "You know, the bruising...it could mean something, in the Muggle world-" "People with magical blood can't get cancer, Lily," Lydia reminded her for what felt like the hundredth time. "I just bruise easily. My grandmother did too. It's nothing, Lily. I promise." Although she didn't seem to want to, Lily did eventually drop it, nodding and turning to Herbology. As Lily read aloud passages and explained them in a way that she thought would be easier for Lydia to understand, Lydia's mind was back in that classroom with Severus, fighting that fight with him all over again. Was he right about her rage? She didn't feel like she was full of rage, not like Severus, but he always told her she was, that she had it within her, but hadn't recognized it or dealt with it yet. Lydia had always told herself that Severus was projecting his own rage onto her because of what he thought she ought to feel, going through what she had. But Lydia had always thought that she felt more...hurt than rage. And Severus never stopped to wallow in the hurt before jumping to the rage, jumping to the extreme solutions every time. Like Dark Magic. "Lydia?" "Yeah, sorry," Lydia said sharply, smiling up at Lily. "Um, I wasn't listening. I'm just...I've got a lot to think about right now, you know?" Everyone seemed to know that Sirius was turning attention to her. Lily hadn't really expressed her thoughts on it, which was more troubling to Lydia than the event itself. It meant the winds were changing between her group of friends and the Marauders, and that could mean any number of things. But it couldn't be good for Severus's chances of patching things up with Lily, no matter what the outcome. Even though Lydia didn't want to get in the middle of things and try to negotiate some sort of talk, even if a peace was out of her hands, she still did hold out a tiny scrap of hope that her friends would reconnect and at least be civil about things once more. And civil in Lily's terms, where she didn't ignore that he was in the room unless she was forced to by a class. Sometimes, even Lily could be cruel, and the worst part was Lydia didn't think Lily even knew just how cruel she was being. "Lunch!" cried Sirius as he burst into the common room. "I was sent to get you girls!" "Coming," Lily said, putting her things quickly in her bag. "Sirius, can I get some of that bruise paste Remus gave me the other day?" Lydia asked. "The salve." "Are you okay?" he asked, concerned. "It's nothing really bad," she insisted. "Just annoying." "Sure, c'mon," he said cheerfully, leading her upstairs. "We'll be down as soon as we're done." Lydia followed him up to his dormitory, moving past him toward the bathroom. "I know what it looks like," she said, wanting him to leave her alone. "And I don't want help with this one. It's not something I'd want to show to someone else." "How did you get it?" Sirius asked through the door, amused, as Lydia opened the salve and quickly but carefully dabbed it over the bruising patterns on her wrist before Lily could get a better look at it and ask more questions. "Sleeping funny, I suppose," she lied. "Woke up and it was there. Happens a lot." She quickly replaced the salve, covered her wrist, and walked out into the dormitory. Sirius looked at her for a long moment and she wished it had been Remus, or even James or Peter... Anything to not be alone with him and have him looking at her like that. "Lydia," he said, his voice slightly raspy, but she couldn't do this. She couldn't have this discussion or whatever it was he wanted because she still didn't know what she wanted, what she wanted to do. "Lunch," she said brightly, rushing off down to the Great Hall, pretending she didn't know that his face fell when she brushed him off and that he stared after her for a long moment before following her with uncharacteristic melancholy.
It took Lydia far too long to make the most obvious and simple of deductions, and once she did she realized that she'd gone and made a complicated mess into a disgustingly complicated mess. Sirius, it would seem, had been the one to send her the pendant at Christmas. Perhaps she should have realized it before spring rolled around, but she had never been especially perceptive. She'd worn the pendant several times, hoping that someone would actually comment to her on it, other than people who obviously just thought it was pretty. She was hoping someone would make some hint that they'd bought it, but that had never been Sirius's style. No, she eventually noticed that when she wore it, he would get closer to her, seem happier. One day, when she was wearing it, he didn't even make pretenses of spending long periods of Arithmancy staring at her. When she saw on the way out that he'd been sketching her wearing it, she knew for certain. Sirius Black had given her the pendant. And now she really had a problem. If the boys knew, then they knew that she was wearing it actually quite a lot, and how would Remus understand that? Sirius seemed to think it was a sign of her interest, and if he did it wasn't such a big stretch to think that Remus would take it the same. She paced the dormitory, frustrated. Why couldn't boys just accept that girls liked wearing pretty jewelry and leave it at that? Why did they have to read in all these hidden meanings, give sneaky gifts to decipher Lydia's emotional leanings? Lydia didn't even know her own mind! How were her accessorizing patterns supposed to tell something she herself didn't know? Well, she knew she wanted Remus, that she loved Remus, but the whole thing with Sirius was still up in the air. She didn't realize she was twirling the pendant between her fingers for a long moment, another bad habit she'd picked up. She'd seen Severus glaring at the thing and she had a feeling he knew exactly where she'd gotten it. It wasn't like she could just suddenly stop wearing the thing. After all, she really did love wearing it, and she'd gotten a lot of compliments. Just taking it off and never putting it on again would make a lot of people very curious. Especially her friends, who thought it was one of the prettiest things any of them owned. That made her a bit proud touching the pendant as she looked at herself in the mirror beside Lily's bed. She didn't think it suited her, exactly. It was far too pretty for her and she knew it. But she had liked the way it looked on her in Sirius's drawing of her, from what she could see of the admittedly rough sketch. She wished, wished so badly, that she could look in the mirror and see herself the way Sirius seemed to see her. "Are you okay?" Mary asked, coming into the room, watching Lydia gripping the pendant while looking in the mirror. "M'fine," Lydia said, dropping the pendant, letting it fall back against her chest, and quickly adjusting her hair. It was silly because she knew Mary had seen what she was doing, but somehow she still felt the need to hide. "Sirius and I were studying the other day," she said slowly, sitting down and touching the chain of the pendant thoughtfully. "I saw his drawing of you as he was flipping through his notes. It was quite good, if unfinished. He's very proud when you wear it." Did everyone know, or was Mary just that good at noticing things? "Maybe I shouldn't wear it," Lydia sighed, running her fingers absent through her hair. "No," Mary said with a small frown. "Not unless you want to upset him. I mean, have you decided what you want to do about him yet?" "No," Lydia admitted, rubbing her hands together. "I mean, I certainly don't want to upset him. But I want Remus, Mary. Everyone knows that." "But you can want more than one thing," Mary said with a shrug. "I want chocolate and pie, but I don't feel like I need to choose between them." Lydia certainly did feel the need to choose between them, so she really couldn't understand her friend's explanation, but she simply nodded quietly, resisting the urge to touch the pendant and twirl it between her fingers again. "Dinner soon," Mary finally supplied when it became clear that Lydia would say no more on the subject of the necklace. "Do you want to go down?" "Yeah, just a secondly," Lydia said, putting her hair up quickly, since it had been bugging her most of the day. When she'd finished, the two girls made their way slowly to the Great Hall. They sat down with Artemis and Lily, just down the table from the Marauders, and Lydia could feel Sirius's eyes on her as she sat forward a bit to reach the soup, the pendant moving away from her breast, dangling from her neck. She tried not to look at him, not to catch his eye, but she really couldn't help herself, sitting up again and glancing over to find him staring unabashedly at her. He smiled slightly when she caught his eye and she felt heat pool in her cheeks, looking back down at the soup she was dishing up, knowing that he was still watching her. All of this distraction with Sirius had Lydia well off her guard, and trying to focus on the fact that he kept looking at her even when he returned to his food along with the soup she was trying to casually eat had left her more vulnerable than she'd been in public for a while. Certain people take advantage of such vulnerabilities with ease and confidence, and Organza was certainly one such person. She could feel Sirius's eyes on her again and so pointedly wasn't looking at him when she felt the pendant fall from her neck into her soup. Lydia blinked at it. "Wow, your costume jewelry is so cheap it can't even stay around your neck," Organza said loudly, and people started to look over as Lydia closed her eyes, mortified. It was starting all over again and all she wanted to do was crawl into a corner of the castle and hide forever. "You know it wasn't costume jewelry, Organza," Artemis scoffed. Some of the other tables were turning in interest to look at them now. "You were the one who was so outraged about it when we got back from break because it was more expensive than anything you own!" Organza stood up and Lydia shrank a bit in her seat. She wanted to disappear. She wanted to just vanish on the spot and rematerialize somewhere, anywhere else. Even the other side of the room would be okay. She just didn't want to be where she was sitting. "We all know she can't afford stuff like that, so she must have gotten it for opening her legs for someone." "Organza!" Lily gasped, but she didn't shut her up, merely egged her on with this response. "So who are you whoring yourself out to, you little slut?" she snarled. Lydia was paralyzed with fear and mortification. Organza had been mean in the past, but this was so much worse than ever before. Had Organza discovered who had given her the pendant? Was she jealous? Lydia had never gotten the sense that Organza was particularly interested in Sirius, but there were always surprises were the Marauders were concerned. And what seemed worse was that no one was really standing up for Lydia, who wanted little more than to sink under the table and be forgotten. Couldn't somebody do something? Even the Slytherins were starting to pay attention, Lydia realized, catching Severus's furious eye from across the room. "Leave it, Organza," James said firmly. Lydia knew he didn't particularly care, but he was her Quidditch Captain and he really didn't need someone thinking Lydia was sleeping with their boyfriend and attacking her. Girl fights were worse than the pre-Gryffindor-Slytherin match antics that happened every year. Mary had been accused of sleeping with a Ravenclaw she'd never even spoken to once and she was in the hospital wing for a week of practices. "Why defending her, Potter?" Organza said, smirking. "Is it you? Merlin knows you've got the money for a trinket like that, and maybe she's been doing you favors in the Quidditch changing rooms." James was turning red, and Lydia could tell that Lily was furious as well, but it had already gotten well out of hand. Ravenclaws were whispering to each other behind their hands. The Hufflepuff Quidditch team was eyeing Lydia with interest. The Slytherins looked positively gleeful, with Severus as the exception. He looked ready to murder. The scariest part was that Lydia was fairly certain he was capable of it. "Excuse me," Lydia said softly, feeling her blush reaching to her ears as she got up, attempting to leave the situation as gracefully as possible so she could find some quiet place to cry. She saw Mary fishing the pendant out of the untouched soup as she walked away, but she didn't even get to the doorway before she felt a Trip Jinx at her ankles and she stumbled onto the stone floor face first. For a split second Lydia thought her nose was bleeding, but then she realized the warm liquid was her tears as laughter and horrified gasps rose up across the Hall. Without a second thought she scrambled to her feet and ran, ran as far as she could as fast as she could, ignoring any voices she heard in case they were calling her name. She didn't want to see anyone. She just wanted to find a nice quiet broom closet to cry in. Finally, when Lydia felt she'd gotten far enough away, she climbed into an empty classroom and locked the door with every spell she could think of, conjuring a mirror. Her eyes were red and puffy, her cheeks covered in tears and streaks where other tears had already been. There was a large scrape on her knee where she'd slid across the stone floor of the Great Hall, and as she watched it began to bleed. She wiped her eyes with her left hand as she used her right to pull out her wand, cleaning the wound before closing it up. She then cleaned off her socks, which were streaked with dirt that had been tracked in by feet on the way to dinner and had yet to be swept up by Filch. He really ought to thank her for making his job easier. Her skirt had a bit of a tear that Lily would have to deal with later. Lydia was horrible at mending, so much so that if she ripped something when she wasn't at school she would call up Severus or Lily, or if it was close enough to the return to school she'd bring it along for Lily to mend. At least it was just a little tear. She sighed, sitting down in a chair and rubbing her temples. Sometimes she actually had nightmares about Organza, and she wasn't sure what hurt most about this whole mess. Perhaps the fact that nobody had really defended her. Not Remus. Not Sirius. Nobody did anything. She could almost hear Severus in her head telling her that she needed to be the one to stand up for herself, but she couldn't. Hadn't he ever known what it was like to be frozen in horror? She knew he had. She'd been there when James and Sirius tormented him. Feeling less shaken, Lydia sighed, getting up, deciding to go back to the common room. It wasn't as if she could hide from someone who lived with her all the time. But Organza, Lydia learned quickly, would not be returning to Gryffindor Tower for several days. She was in the hospital wing, had been sneak-attacked in the corridor, and apparently had several particularly nasty and inventive curses thrown at her. If it hadn't been things completely beyond Lydia's ken, she apparently would have been the prime suspect. Sirius and the other Marauders had been questioned, but they all had airtight alibis. To the whole school, what happened to Organza was a mystery. But not to Lydia. She found him sitting in their spot, starting at a stone in the wall as if it was insulting him. She sat beside him, curling into his side until he wrapped an arm around her waist. "Why did you do it, Sev?" "Do what?" he said softly, not his dangerous voice, but he was clearly fuming just under the surface. "You can tell me, Severus," Lydia said, not looking at him, knowing he wasn't looking at her. "I know those curses better than anyone but you. I couldn't do them. You're the only one who could, Half-Blood-" "Don't," he hissed. "Don't call me that." Lydia's mouth closed again, her chest rising and falling easily. Most things were easy with Severus, like the silence they sat in for about ten minutes. "How's your leg?" he asked. "Fine," Lydia said with a shrug. "I fixed it up all right. It's my stupid skirt I couldn't-" Severus pulled out his wand and smoothed her skirt over her leg, touching the tear with his wand. She watched as it laced itself back together. How was it that Severus was so good at everything? "She deserved it," Severus said softly. "People like her; they shouldn't be allowed to speak." "And that's why you decided to twist her larynx?" Lydia said dully. She glanced at him and saw the corners of his mouth turning into a self-satisfied smirk. She sighed. "Sev, you know I'm glad you're willing to stick up for me. But I really don't want you to kill for me." "She wasn't going to die," he said unconvincingly. "She nearly did from the sound of things," Lydia said, rubbing her forehead. "I was there," Severus snorted. "You're getting this from the rumor mill. She was fine. I wouldn't have let her die. I know you don't want blood on your hands." She didn't want blood on his, either, but she said nothing. They sat there quietly for a while longer, Severus still gripping his wand. He was still angry at Organza, although Lydia's anger had faded the moment she learned what Severus had done. She found it difficult to be feeling anything else when she was worried, and it seemed that she was often worried about Severus. "Please," she finally whispered, "don't do it again." "What?" he asked. "That spell?" "Don't attack Organza on my behalf," she sighed. "Just don't." He snorted. After several moments he said, "You want Lupin and Black and Potter to defend you, but you never seem pleased when I-" "You could have killed her!" Lydia snapped. "You're not infallible, Severus. What if something had happened to you? Or worse, what if you'd been caught? They would have thrown you in Azkaban." "Now, we both know that's not true," Severus said softly, tapping his fingers absently on her waist. He was probably right about that. Everyone knew it was Mulciber who had attacked Mary, and with an Unforgivable no less, but nothing anyone could discern had happened to him. A slap on the wrists, and he might have killed her. "Your father can't buy your way out of trouble," she whispered. "James, Sirius, they can. They probably will, if it ever comes to that." Severus stiffened, but finally he nodded at her slowly and she realized he was agreeing not to attack Organza again. Lydia let out a sigh of relief and rested her head on Severus's shoulder. "I really hate her," Lydia muttered, feeling his arm tighten around her. "I believe the feeling is mutual," Severus said dryly. After a long pause, he continued, "You could always stand up to her, you know. You don't have to just sit there every time she picks on you." Lydia just shook her head, not listening to him. They'd had this talk a hundred times before, every time someone picked on her, and especially when it was Organza. Severus hated Organza almost as much as Lydia did, but never before had he gone this far. She felt his finger move to her chin, forcing her to look at his black eyes as he stared her down. "You're worth so much more than she is, Lydia," he said sternly. Not according to your blood supremacy people, she thought wryly. Lydia Rowe was a half-blood. On those stakes, the stakes on which Severus was living his life, she would never be able to amount to Organza. Nor, for that matter, would Severus. So Lydia said nothing, smiling sadly at him for a moment before getting to her feet, brushing off her newly repaired skirt. "I need to be getting back," she said slowly. "They'll be worried about me." She didn't want to say Lily's name to him, not so soon after the break. Still, even without saying it she could see the pain in his eyes. He knew what she was omitting. "Do you want me to walk you back?" he asked, although he already knew her answer. "No, thank you, Severus," she said softly, smiling at him at the strangely Gryffindor gesture. He did that sometimes, just like the way he'd attacked Organza. "I reckon I know the way." His black eyes looked darker than usual as she held their gaze in that moment, and then she turned away, left him sitting alone in their spot, still staring at the wall. The walk back to the dormitory seemed a bit more lonely than usual, and Lydia was surprised that no one even stared at her when she got to the common room. Perhaps everyone had already moved on to the next thing after all.
Lydia had nearly forgotten about the issues with Severus by the time mid-April rolled around, but as always she underestimated Severus's persistence and desperation. She was on her way down to dinner when someone pulled her against him, out of sight and into an alcove that he allowed a tapestry to fall over once they were within it. Lydia didn't even have to look to know that Severus had grabbed her, so familiar he was to her in all ways. "I thought we were past this," she said dryly. "Lydia -" "I've already told you I won't do it, Severus," Lydia continued boldly, turning to face him. "I'm not joining you and I'm not letting you bully me -" "Why not?" Severus hissed. "You let everyone else!" Lydia took a step back from him, but he grabbed her by the wrist as he had a few months prior, not as tightly, but he didn't free her when it was clear she would stay. "No, Lydia, I know you. I could destroy you in ways that Oldington could only dream of. I could make you talk to Lily if I wanted. I know you couldn't resist." "You say this," Lydia whispered, trying not to think about Mary's own experience with such curses. Lydia was even weaker than Mary; everyone knew that. "You say this all the time, but you never do anything." "Do you think I want that?" Severus said urgently, squeezing her wrist a bit. "Do you think I want to hurt you? Lydia, I've spent the last six years looking for ways to help you. The last thing I want is to hurt you, but if you leave me without a choice…" Lydia shook her head. He was protective of her and Lily by nature, always had been, but he couldn't seem to see that there was no bridging the gap he'd built between them. Lydia could have sued every way she knew; once Lily had decided that Severus was no longer their friend there would never be any changing the redhead's mind. Severus knew her as well as Lydia; he must have known this too, but his desperation was obviously overriding his sense. "I can't help you, Severus," Lydia said sadly. "I wish you'd please stop asking." His grip on her wrist tightened considerably and Lydia winced, attempting to wrench her arm from his iron grasp to no avail. She gave out a guttural sound of frustration, but he was unchanged by her eagerness to break free. "Severus, please," Lydia gasped, knowing from the hard glint in his black eyes that he was unaware of her pain. "Let me go." "You're not going anywhere until you promise to talk to Lily," Severus said in his silkiest, most dangerous voice and Lydia nearly shivered as it dawned on her just how not-himself he'd become in that moment. He'd never, ever used that tone with her, and Lydia knew that if she didn't think carefully there might be an Imperious Curse involved after all, one she knew without a doubt that he would later regret. "Please," she whimpered, utilizing her well-practiced ability of looking as pitiful as possible. "Severus, let go of my wrist and we'll talk about this, I promise." Maybe if she could get him to let go she could get him to see sense. Severus wasn't buying it, however. "Talking with you isn't a guarantee you're listening," he countered. It was impossible to lie to Severus and had been for several years. "But I need you to listen, Lydia. I have nothing left. Nothing. You, of all people, should understand that." Lydia realized that she was very close to Severus enacting something horrible and that she needed to try something different. She stopped struggling, going as limp as she could while Severus held her arm tightly, continuing to grasp her as she frowned at him. "Severus," she said thickly, and he blinked at the change in her tone of voice. Lydia bit back a sigh of relief. "Severus, you're hurting me again." He blinked at her once more, this time with confusion. Slowly, carefully, he loosened his hold on her wrist, looking down at the bruise that was already beginning to form. "Lydia," he breathed, looking up at her with horror in his sad eyes. "I'm so sorry. I…. You know I would never…" Lydia couldn't make herself ignore that he'd just been threatening to kill or curse her now he was insisting he would never hurt her. She knew he really believed he would never hurt her, but she'd seen him at his most furious and she had no doubt that he was capable of hurting her. But she didn't think he would live with it afterwards. "You did it before, too," she said softly as he shifted her wrist to examine the bruise. "Lily saw it, but I shook it off. She…. Severus, that hurts." "Sorry," he muttered, lifting her wrist to his lips. "Better?" Her heart softened at the action he hadn't done since they were children. They still were children, in a sense. It was terrifying to think about how much responsibility would be placed on them so suddenly, so soon. "Yes," she said softly. It didn't actually feel any better, but she hated seeing the self-loathing in his eyes. "You're not going to talk to her, are you?" Severus asked sadly. "You know I can't," Lydia whispered, pulling her arm from his hands now that she knew he wouldn't overreact. He shook his head. "You could," he muttered. "But you won't. You don't want to upset Lily and you can't stand the thought of upsetting those numbskulls you call friends." Lydia felt anger rising up in her. She took a deep breath and said, "What about your so-called friends? You know what they did to Mary. You did nothing! Who's the one afraid of rocking the boat?" "Don't you dare," he said, again in his most dangerous voice. "I'm the reason it was her and not you." She went to hit him so she didn't have to think through the implications of what he was saying, but instead he grabbed her wrists against, forcefully turning her and pinning her to the wall. "Don't flatter yourself or your little friends, Lydia," he snarled. "Macnair in particularly wanted to have a little fun with you, but he knows that if he touches you I'll kill him. You talk about making Lily an exception as if you're not, but if Avery or Macnair didn't have incentive to leave you alone, do you really think your precious Marauders could protect you?" Lydia turned her head, not wanting to look him in the eye, but he leaned forward so that his silky voice poured right into her ear. "You should be thanking me on bended knee, Lydia. You should be eager to help me. But I know you're a slow learner. So I'll give you time to think on it." He released her wrists and left her alone in the alcove. She stood there, stunned, until she realized that she was both crying and about to be missing dinner, so she wiped her eyes, calmed herself, and smoothed out her robes before going down to the Great Hall. She slid in to the empty seat between Artemis and Sirius, across from Lily. Severus was watching her from the Slytherin table, but he turned away after a moment because Avery was saying something to him. Lydia let out a small sigh and began to dish up dinner. "Sorry," she said happily. "I got caught on a staircase as it was moving and I don't know the castle as well as some people." Sirius laughed his bark-like laugh and Lily rolled her eyes. "I was starting to worry," Lily said, pouring herself more pumpkin juice. "I'm fine," Lydia lied, putting some potatoes on her plate. "I hope I didn't miss anything important." That was more teasing than anything else, knowing that the most important thing they would have discussed was James's thoughts on the new Keeper for the Montrose Magpies. And Lydia had already been inundated with that particular rant. "Nothing too important," Artemis said wryly, glancing over at Sirius. Lydia tried not to blush as she felt Sirius shift beside her, getting almost imperceptibly closer to her. She was aware that he was looking at her, but she wasn't going to acknowledge his behavior. Instead, she looked over at Remus, whose amber eyes had darkened. "Oh?" Lydia managed to say, looking down at her plate as she tried to think of what to do next. She heard James sniggering on the other side of Artemis, and then she heard Artemis smack him and the sniggering stopped. "Yeah, I don't know about that," Sirius said softly in that purr she'd heard him use before with girls he wanted attention from. She was very aware of the fact that she was blushing furiously. "I'd say it was very important." Lydia found that she had such a morbid curiosity to know what had been said, and also she wanted badly to change the topic. She looked over at Lily, who was both blushing and clearly annoyed, and Lydia decided that she certainly didn't want to know. "Can't imagine it was that important," she said dismissively, still not looking up at Sirius, whose leg was now resting against hers. Breathing was becoming more difficult, and Lydia looked up to find Severus watching her with a dark expression. Was she fighting against Sirius's interest because of her own objections, or because of Severus? And if she ever did give in, would Severus stop protecting her? Was Severus right that Sirius would never properly be able to keep her safe? "Why's that?" Sirius murmured, and she realized with horror that he was so close that she could feel his warm breath on her neck. She tried to think of a proper response to him that would turn the conversation away from flirtation, but it was so hard to think properly when the heat radiating off his body was so distracting. Did he always smell so good? "Can someone pass the salt?" Lydia asked breathlessly, feeling more than a little bit dazed. Peter picked up the salt and passed it across the table. Lydia didn't think about it when she reached across the table to take it, and her sleeve shifted to reveal a bit of her bruised wrist. "What happened?" Artemis said anxiously. "What did you do to your wrist?" "What?" Lydia said, not fully processing the situation for a moment. "Oh, that. It's nothing." "But what happened?" Artemis pressed. "That looked nasty." "Oh, well, you know I bruise easily," Lydia pointed out, pleased that she wasn't lying. She felt comfort in telling half-truths. "But what happened?" Mary echoed, staring at the spot where Lydia's bruise would have been. Lydia wracked her brain for some sort of excuse or explanation. Finally, she put down the salt shaker and said, "I tripped. Not a big deal." It seemed that the topic was dropped, and Lydia let out a mental sigh of relief, missing the thoughtful look on Lily's face, the expression that of one trying to recall something just out of reach. "Lily, can you pass the potatoes?" Mary asked in her sweet, gentle voice. But Lily did not appear to hear, still looking intently at Lydia, who had looked up and finally realized she was being watched. The girls held each other's gaze in silence, forgetting all about Mary and the potatoes. Lydia's heart pounded as she tried to think of how to get out of what was sure to come. "Problem, Evans?" Sirius asked, amused, handing the potatoes to Mary after stretching to reach them. "Maybe," Lily said slowly. "It's just…. Well, she's had that bruise before. It was the same one, I'm sure of it." "So?" Artemis asked. "She falls all the time." Was that sweat on Lydia's forehead? She still stared directly at Lily's eyes. "Except last time," Lily said, finally looking at Artemis, "Lydia said she'd slept on it funny." Just as Lydia was trying to decide what to do, Sirius grabbed her forearm and pulled the sleeve down to reveal the bruise. Lydia wriggled a bit, but he pulled out his wand and muttered, "Petrificus bracchius." She opened her mouth to protest and he said, "Wouldn't want to bruise you again. Well, Evans? Same bruise?" Lily nodded, staring at the now deep-purple marking, and Lydia realized there was no way out. "Let's see, then," Sirius said, turning her arm as she used her other hand to fish through her pocket for her wand. "I don't know what you all see, but this looks to me an awful lot like a hand." Artemis gasped as Lydia found her wand and began to wordlessly undo Sirius's jinx, which had never been one of her strong suits. "Merlin," Artemis said. "It is!" "So whose hand is it, Lydia?" Sirius asked firmly. "Who's been hurting you?" Lydia was trying to focus on her counter-jinx, but her eyes did flicker up to the Slytherin table in spite of her best efforts. If she'd had a free hand she would have smacked herself in the face. "Evans," Sirius barked sharply, "how large are Snivellus's hands?" Lily blinked at him, confused. "I-I don't know…. I -" "Did you ever put your hand up to his, compare the size?" "N-no," Lily said slowly. "Lydia did, though. They did it every year…. I think the last time the tips of her fingers came up to his top knuckle. He could almost curl them over her fingers." Lydia realized she had finally freed her arm as Sirius placed his palm against hers, adjusting so that the heels of their palms were lined up and he moved his hand against hers to line up their fingers. She was mesmerized by the feel of his skin against her hand and she stared. Sirius then curled his fingers over hers a little and said, "Like that?" "Yes," Lily whispered, watching as Sirius tenderly aligned his hand with Lydia's bruise. "There," Sirius said, turning her arm over again. "That's just about a perfect fit." "No," Lydia whimpered, and Sirius moved his hand up her arm, perhaps thinking he'd hurt her. "Lydia," Remus said gently, "what really happened?" She looked up at his sad, amber eyes and saw a fire beginning in them that she'd never seen there before. Lydia had never believed that Remus could be dangerous, but her stomach churned a bit in fear. Sirius's hand was still on her arm and every eye was on her and she really could only think of one thing. And the tears were already forming, anyway. What she hadn't thought of when she began to cry was that Sirius would become even more furious. "Snivellus is hurtin you, isn't he?" he growled. "He did this to you, didn't he? Answer me." Why were all the boys in her life being so demanding all at once? "Please," she sobbed. "Sirius, calm down," Artemis ordered, but his body remained tense and his eyes continued to swirl and seethe furiously. "I knew something like this would happen," he muttered. "I told you, Moony. I said he was toxic for her." Eyes had turned away from Lydia, everyone now focused on the dangerously furious Sirius. Even James seemed very uneasy about how Sirius might behave. "Padfoot," Remus said gently, "she's okay. She's going to be okay. All right?" Sirius shook his head. "I'm going to kill him," Sirius hissed. "I'm going to break his fingers one by one, make him beg for mercy, and then rip out his throat and watch him bleed." Lydia's eyes widened. Much in the way that she was sure that a sufficiently frustrated Severus could hurt her, Lydia had no doubts that Sirius could work himself into enough of a frenzy to actually follow through on those threats. "Black, you need to calm down," Lily said firmly. "You need to let go of Lydia and cool down, before you do something you regret." Sirius didn't seem to hear her, still clutching Lydia's arm with his sweaty hand and glaring over at the Slytherin table, the tell-tale signs of plans forming in his swirling gray eyes. "Padfoot, c'mon, you need to chill," James said, but Sirius didn't seem to hear him, either. Lydia could feel her heart racing as she took her hand and placed it over Sirius's hand. He jumped a little, looking at his fingers and hers touching. His grip loosened slightly, and his breathing began to become a bit more relaxed. "Sirius," she said softly. "Please don't overreact. "But -" His objections cut off when she ran her hand gently along his and he released her arm, staring as her fingers caressed the back of his hands. "Please," she whispered. "He didn't mean to and he won't do it again. We've come to an understanding." "Lydia," he began, but his voice was strained, and she knew he wouldn't hold on to his anger much longer. She laced her fingers between his, effectively holding his hand. He stared at their hands, stunned, actually, turning them over to see that he was, in fact, holding her hand. Sirius looked up at her, gray eyes no longer swirling, but bright and full of hope that she felt guilty for putting there. But it was better than him trying to kill Severus, for a variety of reasons. "Please," she said once more. "Please just let it go." Sirius slowly nodded, looking back down at their hands. "Okay," he said softly. "Okay." Some of the tension in the air dissipated, but not all. Lydia looked up at Remus to find that his face was carefully schooled to calm, but when his amber eyes met hers, filled with a storm of emotions she couldn't tease out, her heart skipped a beat. "You should eat, Lydia," Remus said in a measured voice. "We'll need to get that bruise taken care of." "Yes," she said, drawing her fingers away from Sirius's in order to take up her fork. A small sound of protest escaped his lips, but she raised her eyebrow and said, "I do need my hand to eat." "Right," he breathed, turning back to his own nearly empty plate. Lydia rushed through her meal, thrilled that Remus's reminder of her heath gave her an out, an excuse for getting away from dinner more quickly. As soon as she finished, she went with Remus to Gryffindor Tower. "I had to," she said softly. "You know that. He might have really tried to kill him again, and then where would we be?" "I know," Remus whispered. "I never questioned it. And it worked." Yes, it certainly had worked, and Lydia couldn't decide if that bothered her more, or the measured way Remus could talk about it, as if…as if he didn't care. Lydia did her best not to cry as he led her to his dormitory again. She'd spent enough tears on those boys for one day.
Lily became a monster when exams came around. She had her difficulties as a friend all the time, but when it was time for revision, Lydia had to work very hard to fight the urge to hide under or blanket or something, anything to get away. "It's not that hard, Lydia," Lily chided. "You always do so well in class." "In class I have Sev," Lydia said unthinkingly. Lily stiffened. Lydia did not call him Sev around her anymore, and the slip-up was a big error, even though the dinnertime confrontation had been almost a month ago. "He can't do your practical for you, Lydia," Lily said stiffly, gripping her book a bit more tightly. "I know," Lydia said, looking over the complex theory surrounding antidotes. "Can you just try explaining it in a different way, please? You're so good at that." Flattery was a typical tool when Lily was being difficult. It wasn't exactly that she expected her ego to be stroked, but even Lily Evans was only human, and sometimes it soothed her to compliment her. It wasn't that Lydia had to go fishing for them, anyway. There were plenty of genuine compliments to pay her friend. "I wish we could do this tomorrow," Lily groaned, rubbing her eyes. "You need to step back from it." They couldn't, though. James would kill Lydia if she missed Quidditch practice, especially if it was for revising she could do at another time. It didn't matter that the season was officially over and they couldn't even be "practices." It was more like regimented workouts and scrimmage, although James was just as much of a tyrant when he was supposed to be casual as when he was supposed to be their drill sergeant. "Mary explained that I can't," Lydia groaned, rubbing her temples at just the thought of James. "Let's just try to do this, okay?" They spent another hour trying different ways to understand the theory until it finally clicked and Lydia was able to explain it back to Lily and do a few problems. "Thank Merlin," Lily groaned. "I was worried we'd be doing that for weeks." Lydia knew there was no guarantee she would still be able to understand it in the morning, but she vowed to ask someone else, even if it was Slughorn, simply not to put Lily through the mess of having to deal with her incompetence. "Now," Lily said, "Do you have Arithmancy notes you can go over while I'm working on History?" Lydia nodded, pulling out her notes. She really didn't need to study Arithmancy, but it made both Lily and Lydia easier to assure themselves that they knew things. Lydia was perhaps less intense about it, but she found the exercise strangely comforting if Lily wasn't leading her through it. She would never understand the Marauders, not studying because they already knew it all. Well, James and Sirius. Remus studied. Remus was perfect. And Peter had to study or he would probably fail many things he'd managed to pass over the years. She went through the notes and found herself thinking about the sketches that were Sirius's notes. An unconscious smile played at her lips as she thought of the way he'd portrayed her. It was still so strange that a person could think of her that way, but flattering all the same. Lydia, like Lily, was human as well and reacted to flattery well, even if it wasn't intended as flattery. The most flattering part, actually, was the fact that Sirius had never intended for her to see any of the sketches. "All right," Lily finally said. "I think that should be about all for now. How do you feel about stopping?" "Fine," Lydia replied, perhaps a little too quickly. Lily quirked an eyebrow in almost-amusement, but said nothing about the speed of the reply. They gathered up their notes and books and filled their bags. Lily's bag always looked like it was about ready to split, and Lydia had actually done a charm to enlarge the inside of her own because she didn't want her bag looking like Lily's. There was something of a stigma about having a bag that looked full. The girls left the library and Lily asked, "So, are you and your family doing anything fun over the summer?" Lydia's stomach churned uncomfortably. "Um, probably just the same as always," Lydia said with a shrug. "Money's a bit tight for travel." Well, it wasn't a lie. "That's too bad," Lily said. "You know, you could always come along when we go to Greece…" Lydia politely declined. For one thing, she didn't like taking the generosity of the Evans family in such an expensive way. Rides to and from the train station were one thing. Trips to Greece were another. The girls walked in silence for a while before Lily said, "You know, maybe we should do a sleepover with the other girls at my place. Would you be up for that?" "Maybe," Lydia said honestly. "I mean, we are going into our last year. It would be a fun bonding experience. I'll…I'll have to see if it's okay." That was a flat-out lie that made her uncomfortable, and Lily gave her a considering look that made her feel uncomfortable. There was something about lying to Lily that never got any easier, even though Lydia had never been caught. "Well, we can talk about it more later," Lily said happily. "You know, I was thinking, maybe we should revise last year's notes too. There's a lot of material covered this year that depends on theories we learned last year, and…" Lydia tuned out her friend and inwardly shuddered at what she would be doing in a year's time, trying to survive Lily and studying for N.E.W.T.s, or more expressly, Lily studying for N.E.W.T.s. She gave Lily an affirmative, knowing she would have no rest until she agreed with Lily on study ideas, and she braced herself for a long, painful session when next they sat down to revise. When they got back to the common room, however, Lydia was shocked to find all of their friends standing there, grinning, and shouting "Surprise!" She had completely forgotten her own birthday. Lily was grinning at her, and Lydia realized that they'd done all of this purposefully, that they'd been planning this for Merlin knows how long, and she couldn't help but smile a little. "Who planned this?" she demanded as Artemis handed her slice of cake. "I did, obviously," Artemis said, rolling her eyes. "Lily helped." Lily cleared her throat. "Okay, Lily and I did it all together, but it was mostly me improving Lily's initial ideas." Lydia really didn't care who planned what and who tweaked what, but she hugged both of the girls happily as the Marauders started pouring everyone wine. "What is it?" Lydia asked, not being a particular fan of wine. "Not for you, that's what it is," Remus teased. "I've got gin and french here for you, birthday girl." She smiled, surprised that Remus went to the effort to make her drink. Tonic water, dry vermouth, gin, and a slice of lemon. She and Severus had taken to drinking them when her father forgot to lock the liquor cabinet. And Remus made them perfectly, right down to stirring it just right. They all sat in the circle of couches and armchairs Artemis had arranged, drank, and ate cake happily. "You really couldn't think of a better way to distract me than revising?" Lydia asked, half-joking. Artemis winced. "Lily thought it would be good to kill two birds with one stone, so to speak." It wasn't surprising, and Lily didn't look the least bit sheepish. "Well, if she's going to spend time hedonistically," she sniffed, "it's better she starts with something useful." "Hedonistic things can be useful," Sirius teased, his hand brushing Lydia's knee as he reached for the wine bottle. "Are you going to open your gifts, Lydia?" "Oh, right," Lydia laughed, putting down her empty plate, which Artemis then put another slice of cake onto unprompted. Lydia reached over to the pile of gifts and took the one on the top, which was from James. "You'll like this, Rowe," he said with a wink. She didn't have to ask what it was. From the terrible packaging job she could both see and feel the shape of it. New Quidditch gloves for a better Quaffle grip. It wasn't the most personal of gifts, but she did need some, and these were the top model. It was about as thoughtful as James could get. "Thank you, James," she said honestly. Peter got her chocolate, which was a safe but suitable gift. Lily got her a new set of robes, perhaps because she noticed that Lydia was still wearing ones that were too small because she hadn't bought new ones in several years. It was thoughtful, and perhaps too much so. Artemis gave her several of the leading books that had come out in the last year on Arithmancy. It was an especially kind gift, considering Lydia's knowledge that she would not have been able to otherwise afford such books. Mary gave Lydia both a set of robes and a new set of earrings. Lydia knew the earrings and robes were expensive and she wondered why Mary was getting her such expensive things, but she didn't argue. "Sirius?" she said, picking up the last box and shaking it. "You could fit a puppy in here." It was huge. There were no airholes, but there was no telling what he could pull off with magic. The others laughed and Sirius snapped his fingers playfully. "Should have thought of that," he teased. "Maybe next year." Lydia laughed, shaking her head and tearing the wrapping off the large present. She carefully opened the box and found that inside was a collection of books about Arithmancy, and not just any books. The Complete Collection of Arithmancy Equations, Theorems, and Conundrums. Her eyes were wide and she actually gasped. Lily was whispering something excitedly to Artemis, but Lydia didn't even bother trying to hear them. She turned the first volume of ten over in her hands, feeling the smooth leather of the binding. "Well?" he asked cheekily, grinning at her as she looked up at him. "Do you like it? Is everything okay?" "Yes," she said, smiling shyly, looking back down at the books. They must have cost a fortune. They must have…. But this was Sirius Black. Didn't he have a fortune? He certainly didn't have as much as he used to, not since he was disowned after running away. He surely couldn't afford to spend so much on her. But she couldn't bring herself to say that as she opened the cover and ran her fingers lovingly over the parchment of the table of contents. On the one hand, she could almost feel the disappointment in her stomach that there was no gift from Remus in the stack, but she tried to push that away with the knowledge that he probably couldn't afford to get her something that wouldn't emphasize how poor he was, especially beside the lavish gifts of their friends. And she tried to ignore the proud look Sirius was giving her as she flipped to one of her favorite theorems. "Thank you, guys," she whispered, closing the book gently and putting it back in the box with the others. "This was fantastic." She was hesitant to tell them that it was the best birthday she'd had, mostly because she was afraid of how they would try to top it the following year if she did. At this announcement, she returned to her cake and the girls took it upon themselves to move the gifts upstairs. Seeing how things were headed, James, Sirius, and Peter retreated up to their own dormitory before the girls could make them clean. Remus began tidying up the wrapping and moving furniture as Lydia finished her last slice of cake. She put the disposable plate and utensils in the trash bag Remus had started and then she stood to start moving an armchair. He put his hand on her arms and said, "Please, let me." Lydia raised an eyebrow as she just stood there, watching, as he returned the common room to its usual configuration. Perhaps it was her birthday, but she didn't mind helping, especially when the other Marauders had bailed. "I'm sorry I couldn't get you a proper gift," he said, blushing. "Even Sirius bought the alcohol. I have something for Christmas next year, but…" "It's fine, Remus," she said honestly. "I know what it's like for money to be tight." He raised his eyebrow and she was worried that he was about to ask her something about her family, like what her parents did. Nobody asked her questions and she liked it that way. Even Lily had not crossed the line, although she'd danced very close to it. Instead, he took a step toward her, the pair of them standing in the middle of the common room looking at each other. "But I do have a gift for you," he said softly. "That is, if you'll have it." Lydia frowned, confused. He took a step toward her again, close enough to touch. Her heart raced as he did, indeed, reach out and touch her, his hand on her cheek, brushing a bit of her hair behind her ear as he leaned forward. This was happening. This was really, really happening. She let her eyelids flutter closed as his lips touched hers, chaste, soft, pure…. And altogether too quick. He had pulled away again by the time she could fully process the sensation and her eyes opened again, to find his amber eyes alight as they gazed at her. "Happy birthday, Lydia," he breathed, and she opened her mouth to answer, but he had already pushed past her and was making his way up the stairs to his dormitory. Remus Lupin had just kissed her. It had been an unremarkable kiss, actually. No sparks, nothing like that at all, but everything was so fast that perhaps she had merely missed the marvelous sensations in the awe of the moment. Mary came downstairs and looked around at the rearranged room. "Boys held up their end, did they?" she asked, a bit stunned. "Um, it was Remus," Lydia muttered, looking at the room as well. "That figures," Mary sighed. "So, best present, probably Sirius, right?" "Hmm?" Lydia muttered, absently touching her cheek where Remus had. "Oh, I dunno. There were plenty of good ones." Did she want to tell her friends about the kiss? She already knew Remus wouldn't be telling the Marauders, and she didn't want to think about what might happen with Sirius and Remus if Sirius ever found out… "Lydia?" Mary said, frowning. "Are you okay? You're acting weird. Did you have too much to drink?" "No," Lydia said quickly, dropping her hand. "No, I'm fine." Mary's eyebrow quirked, but she held up the gloves James got Lydia anyway, which she had taken the trouble of removing the packaging of. "Try them on," she said, tossing them at Lydia. "They're wonderful gloves. I wish my mum could afford to get me ones like these." "Hint at James," Lydia teased. "He'll get you the latest model for your birthday." "Is that what you did?" Mary laughed, watching Lydia pull on the superb gloves. "You hinted?" "Not intentionally, but I think my complaining about my old ones gave him the idea. He knows I can't afford this sort of thing." She could have cursed at herself for bringing finances back up after doing such a good job of avoiding them. Finally she just smiled, though, and if Mary had been thinking of asking questions the moment had passed. There was no question on Mary's face as she took Lydia's gloved hand and turned it over for a better look. "I bet the grip's fantastic," she sighed. "I guess we'll get some good practice on it tomorrow, yeah?" "Are we scrimmaging tomorrow?" Lydia said with a yawn. "I was under the impression it was just workout tomorrow." Mary snorted. "Since when has James ever not done both, even when he's promised? Especially now he's given you these, Lydia. He's going to want to see them in action as much as I do, maybe more. I'm not complaining, though. It means less running." Lydia sighed. She hated Quidditch runs, although they were better in May than most of the year. She glanced over to the staircase where Sirius and Remus were coming down from their dormitory, chattering on about something. Her breath caught. "Oh, hello, ladies," Sirius said, grinning over at Lydia. "We were just going to the kitchens. Want to come?" "Didn't you just have four pieces of cake?" Mary asked. Sirius shrugged, his grin still firmly in place. "What's four pieces of cake, delicious though it was, when there's a whole world of food in the Hogwarts kitchens? Besides, I'm craving roast beef." Mary rolled her eyes good-naturedly. "The invitation is open, if you're not too full," Remus said softly, eyes fixed on Lydia, still glowing just a bit, although not as brightly as when he had kissed her. "Erm, I'm okay, thanks," Lydia said, smiling. She couldn't be around them together so soon after the kiss. "You sure?" Sirius pressed. "Yeah, I had maybe even a bit too much cake," she said, not entirely untruthfully. "Besides, I need to get some rest with practice tomorrow. So does Mary. But thanks for everything, guys. It was really great." "Well, sleep tight, birthday girl," Sirius said with a smile and a wink as she and Mary crossed to their staircase. "Just wait until we top it next year!" She could barely contain her groan as she hurried up the stairs with a giggling Mary. No doubt Artemis and Sirius had already begun their planning. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reviewer The Yoshinator, whose review was the impetus for my finishing this chapter. -C
"Begin." Lydia turned over her Arithmancy exam, glad that it had started and Sirius had stopped staring at her. Her eyes ran over the basic instructions at the top, noting quickly that they were the same as always. Still, it was better to be certain than to assume and make a mistake because of the assumption. Teachers were allowed to change their minds about things like exam rules. Lydia dipped her quill into her ink well as she read the first question, which was an exercise of three different theorems combined together, if one knew the theory behind the problem. If they didn't, they'd use a N.E.W.T. level construction that was incorrect instead of combining the O.W.L. level constructions that would yield the proper result. Exams were nearly done. Just this exam and then Charms when she was done. Lydia was both relieved and exhausted, but mostly relieved because Lily's psychotic exam behavior was half of what was exhausting her and everyone around her. Sirius was still watching her. Was he even bothering to attempt his Arithmancy exam? It would be strange if he didn't pass to the final year of it because he was too busy staring at her to care about it. She realized as she finished and began proofreading her exam what he was doing. They were the fastest test-takers in their year, possibly in all of Hogwarts. Both Sirius and Lydia only took about half a period to finish an exam, so he was watching her while she did hers, and when she left he would start in on his. Lydia tried to ignore him, focusing on the lines of her equations, making sure that she'd solved each stage properly. There was merely a comma missing in her essay, easy enough to fix, and when she'd looked it over one more time to make sure it was all legible, she put her things away and turned in her parchment to the professor. Sure enough, as she turned to leave the room she saw Sirius quickly looking down at his own test, putting quill to parchment as she left the room. Her heart pounded, but she tried to take advantage of the time between exams to get a bit of peace and quiet, free from interruptions. Exams were painful. They were stressful. They made people want to attack each other but gave them no energy to do so. They made Lily Evans certifiably insane and strangely seemed to almost mellow Sirius and James, who were exhausted by watching everyone else panic, but didn't seem to share the widespread feeling of inadequacy and lunacy spurred by exams. Lydia rubbed her eyes, sitting down for a moment outside her next class, knowing that it wouldn't be long until Lily arrived to start practicing for their Charms exam. Lily, knowing that Lydia would be out of her Arithmancy exam quickly, always planned on meeting for the next exam before the first was over. It was one of the more predictable things at Hogwarts, Lydia finishing exams early. The quiet didn't last long. "Lydia!" Lily squealed, sitting down at Lydia's feet holding her notes and holding them out frantically. "There's so much still to study!" "Lily, we've already gone over the whole course," Lydia said, incredulous. "From the beginning of first year!" "It's not enough, not enough." Lydia got the impression that Lily was seconds away from tearing at her hair, so she obliged her and they began to go over all of Lily's Charms notes from the very beginning of their time at Hogwarts. It went quickly because they'd done it last year for their O.W.L.s. They'd gotten through four years of material by the time they were let into the room and told to begin their written exams. They would go back at a later time for practical exams, but Lydia was glad that the written one looked not nearly as scary as the O.W.L.s had the year before. Professor was a lovely sort of exam giver. He didn't ask trick questions. He didn't try to make you feel bad about yourself. It was all very straightforward. If you did the reading and homework, if you paid attention and tried your best in class, you would at least pass. That was all Lydia was concerned about in that moment. Passing. Charms was a course she was good at, a course she enjoyed, but it wasn't her favorite and she didn't need it to do Arithmancy research, which was what she wanted. She might need to pay a bit more attention in Runes, but otherwise, Charms were only useful at the most basic level, which she'd gotten long ago. She liked Professor Flitwick as a professor and she enjoyed having a class with her friends, but those were really her only reasons for staying in the class. The exam was quick, although not as quick as the one she had taken before it, and she found herself thinking over it again that night after all her exams were done. Lydia sat on the floor of the dormitory, watching Lily pack, talking about their exams, what went well, what she thought she might have said a bit differently if she'd had more time to go over them, what she wished would have been on the test. "That's nice," Lydia lied, watching as Lily carefully put all of her well-catalogued notes into her trunk. It was exhausting, watching Lily do most things that she did with such energy, but especially when Lydia was already so tired, she did not want to pay attention. She zoned out over the next few days of leisure, moderately engaged with her friends but mostly not paying any particular attention to things. She had her mind elsewhere, on the summer holiday, on going back to her house. For most people, despite leaving their friends for a few months, this was a joyous sort of thing. They saw their parents, they enjoyed warm weather with their siblings, and they took the break off of school with glee. Lydia was different. Lydia hated going home. She spent her time packing in silence, interacting only when she had to, stuck in her head most of the time. She went to meals because she had to go to meals. She would look across the Great Hall and catch Sirius's eye and they would frown at each other because they no longer had to read each other's minds. They hated it, but they had to go back. Lydia had thought of asking to stay at Hogwarts over summers. Surely there had to be a precedent for that, especially for N.E.W.T. students hoping to take a scholarly route. She'd never asked, though, because she was afraid of the sorts of questions Dumbledore or McGonagall might ask. Perhaps they already knew the answers, but as long as she stayed on living her life they continued to let her, and she rather liked it that way. She was of age now, they couldn't do anything to her, but she hadn't really dealt with any of it yet, and she wanted to be allowed to do that in her own way, on her own terms. On her own. Getting her exam results was heartening, but not especially good for her ego. Lily had beat her in everything they had together, and although she'd topped the year in Arithmancy, she'd come in fifth or lower in everything else. "I couldn't do anything but studying Arithmancy for the rest of my life even if I wanted," she said mournfully to Mary. "If I'm failing so much now can you imagine what my N.E.W.T.s will look like?" Mary raised her eyebrow, amused. "Lydia, you aren't failing. Just because we have so many freakishly talented people in our year…. You're doing great." Lydia wanted to believe that, but it was hard to believe even though she knew the part about their year being freakishly talented was the absolute truth. Many professors had pointed it out, time after time. Maybe she wasn't failing, but she wasn't going to make a very good impression on the job market if she couldn't come closer to the top of her class. And Sirius and James didn't even study and they beat her in almost everything. It just wasn't fair. "C'mon, we'll be late for the feast," Mary said, closing her trunk and leading the way down to the Great Hall. Lydia took her seat between Mary and Artemis, waiting for the typical announcement of Gryffindor winning the House Cup, glancing blandly at the food. There was no point eating too much. She'd already counted her funds for the year. She knew how much she would be able to eat before her next trip to Gringotts, and she knew then how long she had to make her next trip's haul last for. "Lydia?" Sirius said from across the table, frowning. "Are you all right?" She blinked at him. "What?" she asked. "It's just that you haven't touched your food." She looked down at her plate, shrugged slightly, and picked up her fork, digging in. Lydia had no appetite, though, and she took small, rare bites throughout the meal simply to keep up the illusion of eating. Her stomach would need to shrink again. This was really the best way. If she told herself she wasn't hungry often enough she would no longer be hungry. Professor Dumbledore announced the win of Gryffindor and there was much rejoicing at the Gryffindor table as the feast went on. Lydia went back with her friends to their dormitory that night in remarkably good spirits, curling up in her bed with a smile on her face. As soon as the lights went off, though, she rolled onto her stomach, buried her face in her hands, and tried to not cry as she thought of the nightmares she was sure to have if she allowed herself to fall asleep. When she got home, she would have to dust because the house would be full of dust. She would have to check to see that her clothes and her mother's things in her size were not moth-eaten. She would have to stock the larder and medicine cabinet. Lydia began running through the house in her mind. There would be windows to clean, and as always when she got home laundry to do. She'd cleaned before leaving for Hogwarts, so it was more issues of accumulation. Now that she was of age she would be able to do much of it by magic, at least to get herself caught up. She didn't like using magic in a Muggle neighborhood. Maybe Severus would come over and help, if he wasn't too…busy with his own family and readjustment issues. Hopefully there would not be mold or mildew or other such issues. Cleaning had never been a particular strong suit of Lydia's, and things that weren't dust or vacuuming disgusted her just a little bit. Ah, vacuuming and moping. That would certainly need to be done, ahead of the windows. She never used the windows, but she used the floors every day. Hopefully nothing would need repairs. She had Severus if she really needed him, but she didn't like feeling dependent on him. Sure, he was glad to help, to have an excuse to come over and take his mind off his own life, but it still felt wrong to depend on him too much. It was a long way down to sleep, but Lydia curled up on her side, hugging the duvet tightly, thinking of the daunting task ahead of her, dealing with her life at home again. She had a vague thought about how to keep Lily from helping her take her trunk in when they got back to their neighborhood, but she could feel her mind growing dull with drowsiness and she could no longer even keep her eyes open for longer than a moment or two before they closed once more. She gave up trying and gave in to sleep. On the train ride back, Lydia found herself sitting with Lily and the Marauders somehow. Mary and Artemis had ended up in a different compartment, perhaps with Organza. Lydia didn't really know or care, although she did briefly wonder where Severus was. She pressed her face to the window, knowing that she couldn't allow herself to be separated from Lily even if she'd wanted to go looking for him. Lily was her ride. "Weird, knowing we've only gone one year left, isn't it?" James asked, propping his feet up on Remus's knees, who brushed them off a few moments later. "It is, a bit," Lily admitted. She was talking to the Marauders and not having a fit about it. How strange that was. "We're nearly adults," Sirius said proudly. "In all senses of the word. Not long now until we can really take on the world." Lydia didn't want to take on the world. Lydia wanted to hide in a corner of a place she didn't get nightmares in and bring Remus with her and just never have to worry about…about… She closed her eyes. Nothing was going to happen. No one was going to die that summer. No one she knew, anyway. "What are you doing for summer, Peter?" Lily asked kindly, smiling at Peter. "Erm, just spending it with my mum," he muttered, looking down at his hands. "Nothing special." That sounded perfectly special to Lydia, but she said nothing, watching as the train began to move, watching the platform of Hogsmeade station shrinking away out of sight as the landscape she'd become almost familiar with began to speed by ever faster. With her face pressed to the window the sensation of watching was almost dizzying, but she tried to keep watching, if simply for a way to stay out of talking. It didn't last long, though, the not talking. "Rowe, think you'll actually practice this summer?" She actually smiled to herself. "You know I live in a Muggle area, James," she said. "And there's no one to practice tossing a Quaffle with." "I could visit," Sirius said, smiling at her. "Or you could visit us at the Potters' and then you could fly as well." "Ah, I dunno," Lydia said softly, feeling herself blush. "Her parents don't let her visit people much over the holiday," Lily said sadly. "I don't know what goes on in their heads, but…." Lily blushed and stopped talking as she realized that she had essentially been talking about the details of Lydia's private life with people who did not know it, and what was more, with the Marauders. Sirius frowned when Lily cut off and looked over at Lydia, but she turned back to her window, blinking casually and not allowing herself to be offended or embarrassed. They might ask questions if she allowed herself either of those things, and she could not have them ask questions. Especially not Sirius. Sirius was clever. Sirius was observant. If he started poking around and asking questions of the wrong sort, he might actually figure it all out, and Lydia wasn't ready for anyone to know. Well, anyone but Severus. But it was too late for that now. Lydia was left more or less alone all the way back to London, with on a few questions directed at her, or at the compartment at large with the understanding that everyone was expected to answer. "Nearly back," Lily said excitedly as the countryside turned more into city. "I wonder where we're stopping for food this time." Mr. and Mrs. Evans always stopped somewhere to eat on the way back from King's Cross. It was partly necessity as they lived so far away from London, and party tradition at this point. Lydia shrugged, not particularly caring where they stopped. She was torn between appreciating not having to think about food for the night, and her desire to shrink her stomach and avoid charity, even from people who obviously cared about her and could afford such simple things as dinner, like Lily's parents. Sirius helped her get her trunk off the train, and James helped Lily. The waited in the usual line to go back out into the Muggle part of the station. When they crossed over, Mr. and Mrs. Evans were standing there, smiling at the girls, and Mr. Evans rushed forward with a trolley to get the trunks. "Have a good summer, Lydia," Sirius said, smiling at her before heading off after James to where Mr. and Mrs. Potter were. "Who was that, dear?" Mrs. Evans asked as she hugged Lydia. "Oh, that's Sirius Black," Lydia said casually. "He's in our year." "He's insufferable," Lily said, although it sounded more out of habit than conviction, and her mother seemed to notice this too, the way she smiled at her daughter. "Of course he is, dear," Mrs. Evans said. "Well, are you ladies ready?" They nodded, and Mr. Evans pushed the trolley out to the car, loading them in as the girls and Mrs. Evans got into the car. "How were the exams?" he asked when he got in, starting the car. "Great!" Lily said excitedly. "And you, Lydia, dear?" Mrs. Evans asked happily. Lydia smiled and shrugged. "She topped the year in Arithmancy," Lily said proudly, putting her arm around Lydia's shoulders. "That's the one like maths, right?" her father asked, and Lily nodded, giving a more detailed explanation of what was done in Arithmancy. Lydia settled into the car ride, expressed lazy pleasure when Lily's parents announced that they would be stopping for Indian food on the way, and then she tuned things out more or less all the way back to the north. How much quicker it would be if she could simply take the Knight Bus home, or even Muggle transportation. But then she wouldn't have these quality moments being normal with Lily. And Lydia didn't think she would be okay with that, whatever she felt in the moment.
Summer was essentially quiet for Lydia, except for the almost regular stream of owls going to and fro between herself and her friends. Mostly these were highly predictable letters, Lily and Mary and Artemis telling her all about what they were up to, asking what she was doing without them, her responding with as few lies as possible, and keeping careful track of each lie, just in case she would have to produce them again later. She did, however, receive a very out-of-the-ordinary letter about two weeks into July that summer. Dearest Lydia, I hope you're having a good summer. Perhaps I shouldn't have expected for you to write to me by now, but I have to say I'm a bit disappointed that you have yet to contact me. But you're probably really busy, so I thought I'd take a moment to make the effort and write you first. James and I have been having a great summer, being doted on thoroughly by Mrs. Potter as usual. It's great to be around the people I care about, but it would be better if I were with you. Maybe this is forward, maybe even too forward, but I decided there was no time like the present to finally say it. You probably already know this, but I am in love with you. You don't have to say anything if you don't know what to say, but I needed to say it, because I stay up at night thinking about you and how beautiful you are and how badly I want to tell you all the things I think about you, but I've always been too worried that I'll scare you away. I mean, you may not realize this, but you're quite shy. So, with nothing but hope to sustain me, your love always, Sirius Lydia had sighed, vaguely exasperated with this letter. First of all, of course she knew he was in love with her, and he knew she knew. The very idea of him sending the letter, then, was a bit of a ridiculous moot point. What was more, of course she knew she was shy! She knew better than anyone all of the fears that plagued her heart, all of the things she could never say to another human because there was just too much weighing on the reception of her words. Everyone knew she was shy, so of course she knew. But the part that bothered her most was where he talked about his summer with James, assuming that she wanted to hear all about it, assuming that it wouldn't bother her to hear about someone else's great summer, assuming that she was, in fact, having a good summer. As far as summers went for Lydia, it wasn't a bad one, but it wasn't the sort of summer she would particularly want to talk about when she went back to school for her final year. She sighed, putting down the letter, rubbing her eyes, and trying to decide what to say in response. Finally, she pulled out a fresh bit of parchment and began to write. Dear Sirius, Thank you for the letter. I'm having a perfectly agreeable summer. It's about the same as every year. I'm sorry I hadn't written. I wasn't aware that you were expecting me to write, and I've been very busy. I didn't want to upset you. I'm glad you're enjoying your summer. See you at school. Lydia She read it over three times before deciding that it was the only appropriate way she could respond, and then she sealed it and sent it off with Sirius's owl. Lydia did not know whether or not to expect a reply, but she hoped that it would be the end of the love letters for the summer. She'd never been very good at being on the receiving end of such things, and she shuddered, thinking of the first year who wrote her the love sonnet the year before. She'd embarrassed the poor boy just by trying to be polite. It had been a disaster, and Lily had chastised her for not handling it better. How was one even supposed to handle having a first year write them love poetry? Lydia didn't know. She knew even less how to handle Sirius while she tried to sort out her emotions, or rather put off trying to sort out her emotions. She watched after where the owl had flown away and she sighed, sipping her morning tea, thinking that perhaps she needed to really think about it after all. There was so much going on, so many things she needed to sort through…. Speaking of things to do, she had laundry she needed to address, including a load that she had air-drying upstairs. There was no point trying to air-dry laundry outside. The pollution in her neighborhood would make it so that she would just have to wash the clothes all over again. She took great precautions to ensure that dripping laundry would not damage floors and ceilings, but it was tiresome. Lydia went about washing her fresh load of laundry, careful to sort them so that nothing that couldn't be used in a dryer was in this load. Air-drying clothes was a painful imposition, even compared with hand-washing. She ran over the letter Sirius had sent her in her mind as she loaded the washing machine. On the one hand, it was an aggravating letter. But on the other hand, she hadn't expected him to actually ever finish writing her a love letter, much less send it. Sure, the starts he'd had on the others were better, but sending the letter felt like a big step forward for him, and Lydia didn't know what she was going to have to contend with when she saw him at school again. Would he be even more aggressive and obvious, or would he take her letter as a hint that she felt uncomfortable with such obvious attentions? There was no telling with Sirius. When she had finished laundry for the day, Lydia – inspired by the letter from Sirius – pulled out some parchment and began to write a love letter of her own. Dear Remus, Thank you for the letter. I'm doing well enough. You know, getting by, as always. Mostly I've just been writing to people. I know Lily wants me to come over for a girl's night, but I'm not sure I'll be able to go. I miss you all. I miss school, even. It's strange how lovely homework looks when you haven't done any in weeks. Granted, I'm not looking forward to N.E.W.T. year, but… Anyway, James will probably kill me when he finds out how I've once again not practiced. I'm not sure what part of "Muggle neighborhood" he's not understanding, but it's not as if I'd be able to practice in the house. Perhaps he'll buy it if I tell him I did practice. Although when he sees how out of shape I am come September he might not actually believe me. It's not entirely my fault, of course. Not only is playing Quidditch a bad idea in my neighborhood, but going running alone is as well. Don't worry, though, I'm quite safe. I know that once a year you'll tell me to be careful whether I want you to or not, but I don't leave the house much. The house itself is quite safe. My father took every precaution upon buying it, not really trusting the Muggles in the area. As far as Death Eaters, which I'm sure is your next thing, I'm fairly certain they wouldn't bother with me. I'm not high on the list, being a half-blood. And I've put extra protections on the more important rooms of the house, my bedroom for one. It's so nice, isn't it, being allowed to do magic at home! I don't do it much, just because I feel more occupied when I do most things the Muggle way, but it speeds up more unpleasant tasks, and that's a relief. I had so many chores to do when I got home, but I got to use my wand for most of them. Are you visiting the Potters at all this summer? I can't remember if you said on the train. If you do, don't tell James you've heard from me, especially when it comes to Quidditch. I've been ignoring his letters. Eventually I expect to get a Howler, but for now I'm contented to pretend they're not getting to me. I sincerely hope you're having a fantastic summer. I think we all need a good rest before N.E.W.T. year, right? I've been thinking of cutting my hair, just for a change. What do you think? The worst part of summer, of course, is not seeing you every day. I still see you, when I close my eyes. Most nights I dream about you. It's not the same, though. I think of the kiss you gave me for my birthday all of the time, but it's not as strong of a memory as it was. Lily mentioned in her last letter that you've not been writing as much as usual. Is everything okay? It's weird, right, getting reading for the last year at Hogwarts. The real world looks so much different than it did when I first when to school. Everything's changed, literally everything…. Oh, I think I discovered a new corollary to Barker's Theorem. I told you about Barker's Theorem, right? Very problematic for proponents of the virtues of the number three, but I think I've found a way to addend it to be more agreeable to three within correlation to sevens and refractory numbers…. Well, it's a bit complicated and I haven't fully tested it yet, but it's got promise I think. That's been my favorite part of summer, actually. I get so much uninterrupted time to just read, write, study…. I don't have to worry about drama at school or the war or anything else that makes life difficult. I can simply be. The books Artemis and Sirius got me have been immensely helpful additions to my library, and I think I'm making real progress toward something I can use to solidify career in academics. Anyway, I'm probably boring you with all sorts of technical information you don't even understand or care about, and you probably like to take time off work during the holidays. Everyone else seems to. Hope to hear from you soon! Maybe we'll bump into each other next month during shopping. I'll probably be alone again this year…. We could make a day of it, you, me, Lily, whoever shows up. Let me know if anyone has decided when they're going. Stay well, have fun! Love, Lydia She took a deep breath and read the letter three times to be sure of it. Perhaps not her best letter, but she would like to think that it was sight better than the one she'd received from Sirius. When she was satisfied that it was complete and without error, Lydia folded and sealed the letter, sending it on to Remus and looking out the window after the owl. What would it be like to sprout wings? She could fly, fly away. It wouldn't really solve her problems. She already had a broom after all. It wasn't that she had no way to leave, but that she had nowhere to go. She slid to the floor hugging her knees to her chest and thinking about Remus, closing her eyes and trying to picture his face. The scarring changed every time she saw him, always at least one more scar on his face. But his eyes, they were always the same, always a beautiful, dependable constant that she could stake her emotions and desires upon. Lydia could not feel his lips when she pursed hers together, but she could pretend that she did, and that was something. She only allowed herself to indulge for a few minutes though, before her stomach growled and she knew she had to eat something for dinner. Lydia made her way to the kitchen, began cooking some potatoes and making a quick salad, and she then put the kettle on. Lydia pulled out her list of things to do and went over it with a quill, crossing off a few menial tasks like laundry, which would no doubt be back on the list by the end of the week. She would need to get some more thread because she had no way of darning socks with magic. Not that she was particularly good at it without magic, but it had to be done. The kettle began to make noise, so she went back into the kitchen, prepared tea that she put on the coffee table, then she went and got the potatoes, prepared them, and stuck them on the plate next to the salad. She carried her plate out where her tea was and she sat across from the window that faced the house across the street, the Snape house. After a brief hesitation, she opened the blinds, not all the way, but just enough to see. She sat down on the sofa and began to eat as she watched the shadows she could see across the street in the windows. She could see the shadows of Eileen, Tobias, and Severus Snape almost every night if she felt like watching, until they turned off the lights and wet to sleep. Most nights, Lydia did not feel like watching. Most nights, Lydia would rather watch the news. At least when she watched the news, she didn't know the people suffering. It bothered her less when Tobias Snape was beating his wife, which he was doing while Lydia ate her potatoes. She hardly knew the woman. She looked like her son, not especially pretty but not awful when she worked at it. Lydia would never tell a soul, especially not Severus, but when she wanted to feel better about herself she would say that at least she would always be better-looking than Eileen Snape. Severus wore it better, anyway. And he wasn't particularly fond of his mother, although she wasn't as bad as his father. How could she be, with the awful man hitting her like she was a punching bag? Lydia shivered, sipping her tea. Maybe it was morbid, watching like this, but she felt better knowing what Severus was going through than hearing about it after and being blindsided. Severus was in his bedroom, reading a book. Likely he had put some sort of charm on the door so he didn't have to listen to his mother's screams. It was amazing that no one had called the police, actually, with how loud the violence got some nights. But then, that was Lydia's neighborhood. If you pretended you didn't see it, you couldn't be targeted later. She set down her tea and picked up her potatoes again. They were filling at least, even though she didn't eat many at a time. They also were a bit bland, but she didn't think spices were worth investing in. There was a sound of shrieking and she realized that Tobias Snape was now bashing Eileen's head against the wall. Severus apparently didn't have a silencing charm up, because she saw him freeze in the midst of turning the page at the sound. As the screams grew louder, he put his book down and Lydia shook her head, putting down her potatoes in horror. "No," she whispered. "No, please don't go downstairs, Severus. Please, please, please." She closed her eyes and she could hear him telling her that he would be right back. "Please don't leave me, Severus. Please." "Stay here, Lydia. Stay put." She did not stay put. If he was going to be foolish she had to follow him. She couldn't let…she couldn't…. She opened her eyes again, feeling the tears on her cheeks when she saw that Severus had reached the front room and was pulling his father off his mother. "No," she squeaked, torn between watching and closing the curtains. "Just let her die, Severus. It's not worth this." Tobias Snape had let go of his wife, though, and had turned his full attentions to his son. Lydia could see Eileen Snape slide down the wall. Perhaps she was dead. There was really no way to tell, from this distance. For a brief moment, Lydia thought of calling the police herself. It could be anonymous. No one would have to know it was her. Except Severus would know it was her, and he would be furious. If his father found out it was her, too, Severus might actually kill him to keep her from getting hurt, and Lydia wasn't sure she wanted that on her conscience. But if his mother was lying there, dying, did she want that on her conscience? Lydia shivered, closing her eyes. We tell no one, Lydia. Just like always, we say nothing. I'll clean up. You stay upstairs and I'll bring you tea. But we tell no one. Everything's going to be all right. Everything's going to be fine. She opened them again and saw that Tobias Snape had knocked Severus unconscious, although she knew in her heart that it wasn't worse than that. Bored with his rage, Tobias went out of the front room, leaving the light on. Lydia watched, heart pounding in her throat. After about three minutes, Severus began to stir. Lydia held her breath as he got to his feet slowly, clutching his head. He checked his mother's pulse, pulled out his wand, and began basic Healing charms. So she wasn't dead. We tell no one. She saw him turn and his shadow looked at her from across the street. He knew she was watching. He nodded at her slightly, still clutching his head. If she had a little less regard for her own life and safety, she might have gone to help him. But Lydia was a coward, so she just closed her curtains. Another secret they shared, nothing more.
The Hogwarts letter arrived the first week of August, but as there was only one new book on the list – Defense, naturally – Lydia didn't bother going to Diagon Alley until the morning before she was leaving for Hogwarts. It wasn't particularly busy, thankfully. She'd been counting on that, especially as none of her friends thought to invite her to meet them at Diagon Alley, not even Lily. She pushed her way through to the bookstore, quickly purchasing the book she needed before heading to the Apothecary. Lydia handed the assistant her list and he gathered the necessary ingredients to top up her Potions kit for her. She then went over her list and her coin purse, trying to decide if she needed to get more money before going back to Hogwarts. She would. It was painful, but she reminded herself that if she planned it properly, this would be the last trip to Gringotts before she could get a job and open her own vault and never have to see anything to do with her father ever again. She picked up a few odds and ends that she would need for the year, bought some food, and then went to Gringotts. "Yes?" one of the goblins asked her when she stepped confidently up to his desk. That was a trick she'd learned years ago. Do everything with absolute and utter confidence and there were far fewer questions asked. "I wish to enter my family vault," she said, producing the key for his inspection. "Certainly, Miss Rowe," the goblin said when he determined that the key was valid. "We'll have a cart prepared in a moment." She took back her key and waited for another goblin, who led her to the cart that would take her down to vault 530. It was not the best location for a vault. The older families had vaults deeper in Gringotts, including the Prince vault that Severus's grandparents had granted him access to only for buying things for school. Once he was graduated, he was entirely on his own. "Key, please," the goblin demanded after the long, convoluted ride. Lydia was grateful that she had a rather strong stomach. She handed the goblin the key and he opened the vault. She always felt tears well up in her eyes as she stepped inside the Rowe vault. There were family heirlooms, including her parents' wedding things. Lydia touched her mother's dress gently, feeling the extravagant beading shift under her fingers. She liked to think that they had been happy once, when her mother had worn this dress, before Lydia was born, before things got so bad that…. Lydia shivered. She pulled out her coin purse and filled it with as many galleons as she could fit. There was a possibility that she could come and get more over Christmas, and she probably would just for good measure, but this amount would last her the rest of the year at the very least. "That's all, thank you," she told the goblin, and he nodded, closing the vault and handing her the key before the climbed back into the cart. Lydia then returned home, carefully packing away all of her things for school. It was strange to her, how many things her friends carried to and fro in their trunks. She did not feel she needed nearly as many things, and although she carried more books than most, she was sure that Artemis's trunk was heavier from shoes alone. There wasn't much left to pack, just her shopping from the day as she'd been packing carefully for a week straight, then unpacking, then repacking. But now she was completely packed, and there was nothing left to do for morning but to close the trunk and ensure that she had enough food for breakfast and not a whit more left behind. The thought of food made her stomach rumble, so she went down to the kitchen, making the last of her vegetables and pasta into a dish, pouring herself the last of the milk, and sitting down at the kitchen table. This was the last night-before-Hogwarts she would ever have. It was strange, thinking that so soon she would be in her N.E.W.T. year, finishing her time as a student, a bittersweet chapter of her life. She ate dinner in silence, not bothering to watch the television or open a window. Lydia had not opened her blinds since she had watched Severus's father rage a month ago. The more she had to see it the worse her nightmares got, and her nightmares were quite bad enough on their own. Lydia finished her pasta, cleaned her dishes, and looked around at the kitchen. The walls used to be lined with her drawings, with the finished maths her mother had assigned her to keep her mind sharp before Hogwarts. Her father had taken them down, one every time he got in a fight with her mother. The walls had been bare for years, but sometimes if Lydia closed her eyes she could bring back all of her hard work. This was not one of those days. Lydia paced the kitchen for a while, trying to decide what to do until she went to sleep. It was getting harder and harder to get good sleep with Hogwarts inching closer. The walls grew more oppressive every day, and if she could not find some sort of diversion, she would get no sleep at all. Her decisions were fairly limited, then, because she needed to get sleep or the Evans's might be worried enough to ask the wrong sort of questions in the morning. She stopped in her pacing when she heard a knock on the front door, and she smiled slightly. Her mind was made up for her, it seemed, as if he knew that she was looking for a diversion. When she heard the familiar knocking, the set of two long taps followed by two short, Lydia knew it was Severus, and she called for him to let himself in as she put the kettle on. She heard the front door open and close and she called out, "In the kitchen." When he came into the room, Lydia's gaze was drawn instantly to the bruise already well-formed on his eye. She sighed, grabbing some cups for tea. "Do you want me to take care of that?" she asked, pouring the water into the cups over leaves she'd put in them. "He'll just put another in its place," Severus sighed, sitting down. "Maybe I'll have a quieter time of things." Lydia thought "quieter" wasn't quit the right word, but she nodded. She got the honey she never used in her tea, but kept on hand for Severus. She pulled a spoon out of the drawer and put it down with the honey in front of him before retrieving the tea and sitting down across from him, blowing across the steaming surface of her steeping tea. "My hands have grown again," Severus said softly. "Another year and I'll be able to properly strangle him." Lydia nodded as he stirred in his spoonful of honey. "Can I see?" she asked, holding up her hand. He placed his familiar palm against hers, lining up the heels on the first try. His fingers more easily curled over hers than they had done the year before and she might have smiled if she hadn't known what this hand growth meant. Severus was plotting murder. It was a just killing, Lydia had to admit. Tobias Snape was the worst sort of man, beating his wife and son whenever he was drunk. Severus subconsciously associated this evil with his father's Muggle blood status, but Lydia's own awful father had been virtually pureblooded, so she knew better. "How's your holiday been?" he asked, moving his hand back to his cup of tea. Lydia shrugged. "It's been the same as usual," she said, raking her hair back with her fingers as she looked down at her tea. "I can't wait to go back to Hogwarts. This place creeps me out." Severus nodded. "As soon as I kill him," he whispered, "we're getting out of here. We'll get a place somewhere warm and never come back here again." She closed her eyes, lifting the cup to her lips and wishing he would stop making that promise. She didn't want promises that would depend on Severus becoming a murderer. She blew on her tea again to keep herself from having to speak on the topic and hand. He wrinkled his nose and her, taking a drink from his own tea. "I don't know how you drink your tea so tepid," he said, setting his cut down again. It was a discussion they'd had dozens of times and never fully settled. "And I can't understand how you so regularly risk burning your tongue," she retorted playfully. "You know, you will need your sense of taste to become a Potions Master." "So you keep telling me," Severus said with a smirk. "I know that you have no such need for your taste buds in whatever career you settle on." "No," Lydia said slowly, "but I do need them to properly enjoy my food, which I feel is equally important." Severus snorted, watching as Lydia stuck her finger into her tea to test the temperature. It was still too warm and she blew across it again. They sat in silence for a moment, Severus sipping his tea and Lydia blowing across hers. Finally, Severus spoke. "If I recall, you and Black were getting close," he said, sneering. "Is that developing, or have you finally come to your senses?" Lydia rolled her eyes, finally beginning to sip her lukewarm, over-steeped tea. She set the cup down and said, "He's written me a couple of times, and I've responded as I would to anyone. But there's nothing other than that." She knew Severus would never be satisfied that she interacted with the Marauders at all, but he knew well enough that it wasn't entirely up to Lydia whether or not she dealt with the boys, and so he didn't push her quite so harshly as he once did. Instead, he took some sort of pleasure in pointing out ways to distance herself, and pressured her to do them all. "And your precious wolf?" he demanded, and Lydia resisted the urge to slap him. She couldn't have managed anyway; his reflexes were excellent. "Can't you just be nice?" she sighed instead. "We both spend so much time being kicked around. Can we just agree to stop beating up each other as well?" After a long, tense moment of silence Severus sighed and nodded. "You're right," Severus said softly. "I don't mean to upset you, Lydia. You know that. I just-" "Do," she said, more strongly. "You do upset me, Severus. You do it all the time. It's exhausting, sometimes, trying to figure out ways to keep you happy and still live my life." Severus's face darkened and he looked at his tea. He probably wouldn't apologize, but Lydia was past wanting that from him. She just wanted him to stop. But that was unlikely, as well. A few more minutes passed in surprisingly comfortable silence, and Lydia and Severus both drank some of their tea. In a lot of contexts with many other people, their interaction might have seemed a great deal like awkward silence. There was nothing about that interaction or anything about their time alone together that either would have thought of as awkward. In fact, they had always felt quite comfortable with each other, almost instantly form the time they met at eleven years old. "Hogwarts tomorrow," Lydia finally said softly. Severus nodded. "You're going with the Evans's again?" he asked casually, knowing full well she would when the words left his mouth. "Yeah," Lydia said, finishing her tea for an excuse not to ask if he was finding a way to get to London himself, again, because he no longer could count on Lily for a ride. Lydia was fairly certain he would take the train, but it would hurt his pride to ask. When she finished her tea she scooped up both their cups and moved to the sink to rinse them out. Severus sighed and she was sure he was about to say something about her not using magic. But he said nothing. Lydia dried her cups and put them on the counter and turned to face Severus, who was watching her with his black eyes, looking more than a little melancholy. "What's wrong?" she asked, sitting down across from him again. Severus shook his head, looking down at the table. Great, Lydia thought. He's being sullen again. He had the act of being sullen down to an art that few could rival. Lydia couldn't stand the sullenness, so she balled up a bit of paper from the tea packaging and flicked it at him. He twitched when it made contact with his face, then scowled at her, but she smirked. "I think I know," she said, a little sad. "You're thinking about going back to your house and dealing with him." Severus's scowl vanished and he looked down sullenly again. "Severus, you don't have to go back tonight." Lydia swallowed and watched his face lighten a bit as he looked up at her, black eyes wide. "Really?" he whispered. "You would let me do that? You would let me stay?" She nodded. "To be honest, I'd be relieved if you did," Lydia admitted. "This house is always the most stifling right before I leave it." His eyes were softened for just a moment with pity and Lydia fought the urge to turn away. "I'll stay," he said quietly, so quiet that she almost couldn't hear. Lydia felt a bit lighter as they smiled at each other. "Well, pick a room, then, and I'll be back." She went upstairs to her father's room and pulled out of one of the drawers a nightshirt that she knew Severus wouldn't like, but it was the best she had. She then hurried to her own room and changed into her own nightgown. That would give him more than enough time to wander to the room next to hers, the one that had once held guests. Indeed, it was exactly where she found him. It was certainly the room most suited to his taste, with the solid, dark colors and heavy fabrics. It was sort of a dark romantic décor, and might not have the lush comfort of her own bedroom, but Severus seemed pleased with it. "Here," she said, holding out the nightshirt. "It might be a bit big, but…" "No, that's fine," Severus assured her. "Thank you." He took the shirt from her and she gazed sadly at his chest as he pulled off the shirt, revealing the marks of years of malnutrition that she had on her own body. Tears filled her eyes as she turned away so he wouldn't see them, hearing his zipper and shuffling as he pulled off his trousers and pulled on the nightshirt. It wasn't fair. With a loving father, Severus could have been someone she could be friends with outside of their shared hell. If they had just had normal parents, how great they could have been. She bit back a sob. "Lydia?" She bit her lip hard in an effort not to let her tears fall. She was surprised to feel his hands rest on her upper arms. There was no hiding her tears; pulling away would be wrong. "Lydia, it's all right. It's going to be all right." At that, she began to cry, barely realizing that Severus sighed, turning her around and hugging her to his chest, carefully smoothing her hair. She buried her face in his familiar shoulder, letting him soothe her in his clumsy, abrupt way. It took some time for her to calm down enough for them to go back to her room and play chess on her bed. "Knight to E5," Severus said smoothly, and his knight did the move easily, knocking out her queen and taking it off the board. He smirked at her. "Are you ready to give in yet?" Lydia rolled her eyes. "It's not fair," she pouted. "The pieces like you better. I never win." "That's why they like me better," he teased, but Lydia continued to pout as she threw herself back against her pillows. Severus frowned at her. "Please tell me you aren't going to cry again." She gave a short, weak laugh, but shook her head. Severus sighed, flicked over his king, and scrambled around to leave back on her headboard, putting her other pillow under his head. "All right," he sighed, locking his fingers behind his head. "What's bothering you?" Lydia shrugged, grabbing a stray pillow and hugging it to her chest. After a long moment, she said, "Why can't I just be friends with you?" You are," Severus said slowly, but she knew he understood her meaning from the tone of his voice. But no matter how good of friends they were, they both knew it could never be possible for them to be friends for all the world to see, especially now that Lily had abandoned him utterly. "Well," he eventually said, "you could always join-" "Good night, Severus," Lydia said quietly, cutting off the insulting offer before he had a chance to anger her. She didn't like the idea of going to sleep angry at Severus. It was all right to be frustrated with the way the world works, but to be upset with Severus would keep her up at night. He said goodnight, cleaned up the chess set, and turned off the light before he left. Lydia settled in for the night and closed her eyes hard, waiting for sleep to come. How long she waited was unclear, but it come it did, and Lydia fell into her most familiar nightmare. Sounds of gunshots. The world was filled with eerie groans as Severus's voice told her to stay. Lydia knew she should have stayed there, but she always went down the stairs, toward the sinister voice and then…. Severus was shaking her awake, making soothing sounds. Lydia could feel scratching in her throat that signified exactly what he told her a moment later. "You were screaming," he said, smoothing sweaty strands out of her face. "He was," she gasped haltingly. "He-" "Shh," Severus soothed, wrapping his arm around her in a side hug. "He's gone. That's all over now, Lydia." "The blood…" "It's gone," he said firmly in her ear. "You're fine. Everything's going to be fine." Lydia could feel tears welling up in her eyes again, but she blinked them away and rested her head on Severus's shoulder. "I can't keep doing this," she whispered. "I-I think living in this house is driving me mad, Severus." "You're not mad," he said firmly. "You've had an awful experience and no way out of it, but you're not mad." He made no more promises that night, which Lydia took with relief. Instead, he lay there for the rest of the night, providing the emotional comfort Lydia needed to drive away the specters of memory that haunted her so regularly. And she slept peacefully for the rest of the night.
Lily and her parents picked Lydia up right on time, as always, and Lily showed off her Head Girl badge happily as they climbed into the car. "Who do you think got Head Boy?" Lydia asked, glad that Mr. Potter hadn't asked about her parents. "Remus, obviously," Lily sighed. "If he did, he didn't mention it in his last letter to me." Lily frowned for a moment as her mother turned up the heat in the car. Then she shrugged and said, "Well, perhaps he's just being modest. You know him, modest and self-denying to a fault." "I know," Lydia grumbled, turning to the window. "Oh, Lydia, don't pout!" Lily patted her on the arm. "You'll get him this year." "You said that last year." "Well…." "And the year before," Lydia sighed, turning to her friend. "Look, can we just not get my hopes up only to have them crushed again? I want to enjoy seventh year." "Fine," Lily promised solemnly. "I won't mention it again." The Evans's kept Lydia in fairly good spirits all the way to King's Cross, and Lydia and Lily pushed their trolleys through the barrier between platforms nine and tine. Platform nine-and-three-quarters was already buzzing with activity with ten minutes until eleven. "Lily! Lydia!" Artemis cried. "You'll never believe it! Oh, nice badge, by the way." "What, is it the Head Boy?" Lily asked urgently. "No," Mary said, popping up at their shoulders. "No, it's Organza!" "What about her?" Lydia asked, glancing around the platform for Organza Oldington. "She's engaged," Artemis said, ushering them over toward the train. "Look, she's still showing off the ring to anyone who will look." Indeed, she was. Standing beside the scarlet steam engine was an overly proud Organza Oldington, showing off an engagement ring to a gaggle of third years. "Wow," Lily said, blinking at her. "Wow, that's…that's actually mildly pathetic. Who's she engaged to?" "Christophe Archambault," Mary recited. "Richest and most eligible pureblooded wizard in France. They're set to marry as soon as she's graduated, unfortunately, and no sooner. It's an arranged marriage, but you'd never know the way she's yammering on." "Is that your unfortunately or hers?" Lydia asked casually. "Both, I imagine," Mary snorted. "Here, I've promised someone I'd sit with them, and Artemis is the new prefect now that Lily's Head Girl." "Have you heard who the Head Boy is?" Lily asked nervously. "It's Remus, right?" "No, he showed up earlier with just the prefect badge," Artemis said, frowning. "Who do you think it is?" Mary gasped and the other three girls turned to see what she was looking at. And to everyone's shock, James Potter was pushing forward through the crowd having just crossed onto the platform, chest puffed out proudly with a large Head Boy badge gleaming on it. "No," Lily whispered, horrified. "How did that even happen?" Artemis asked, confused, as Mary slipped off to find whoever she was supposed to sit with. "I mean, aren't you supposed to be a prefect before becoming a Head?" "I don't think it's a rule, just tradition," Lydia said slowly, watching James approach them. "Hello, James. I see you've done well for yourself this year." "It's a good thing your chest is so big," Artemis teased, "or they would have run out of room for the badges." Lily looked pale and horrified, like she might die of fright right on the spot. Lydia was just about to ask if perhaps they should find somewhere to sit before he got there when she realized it was too late. "Lily?" James said happily. "Do you want to talk before we address the prefects? You know, make sure we're on the same page?" "Oh, James," Artemis sighed as Lily blinked at him, "I don't even think you're in the same book." James smiled at them in a puzzled way, looking between the three girls, waiting for Lily's response. Finally, Lily muttered, "I suppose we must." James brightened even more, leading her onto the train, and Lydia just watched them go, eyebrows raised. "Well, that's a disaster waiting explode all over the unsuspecting first years," Artemis said happily. "I'm almost sorry that I have to deal with them, but on the other hand I get a front row seat to all the madness, and a shiny new accessory. There are ups and downs to everything, it seems. Here, let me help you get your trunk on the train." Artemis helped Lydia struggle with the trunk, which was more awkward than heavy. "I should probably go soon," Artemis then said sadly. "I guess we'll come and try to find you when we're done at the meeting, if we don't get kidnapped by Marauders first." "Go on, then," Lydia teased, pushing her friend toward the front of the train. "Putting it off won't do any good, and they might yell at you. Trust me; I've had to deal with both of them in situations where they had power over me. It's not pretty. Don't expect James to go easy on you." "I wouldn't dare," Artemis said, waving as she hurried off up the train corridor toward the front. Lydia sighed, entering a nearby empty compartment, rubbing her face and thinking about waking up to make Severus breakfast, only to find him gone with a note that said he'd see her at school. He'd left it on her pillow. It was sort of sweet, actually. She wasn't really upset. She knew Severus had to find his own way to school, and that might take longer than having the Evans's driving him. He also had to go get his things, and he had to be gone before her ride had come, anyway. But it had still stung that he hadn't written more, or woken her up to say goodbye. Lydia glanced out of the window to see Sirius and Peter come onto the platform, chatting with Remus about something, laughing together. Perhaps they were discussing James as Head Boy. That was certainly a laugh, if only because it was proof that Dumbledore had actually lost his mind. She sighed, turned around, and jumped slightly when she saw that Severus was watching her from the compartment door. "What have I told you about sneaking up on people like that?" she hissed. He smirked at her. "I knocked. You didn't listen. You can't criticize me when you're not paying attention to your surroundings." His eyes flashed as he stepped into the compartment, the door sliding closed behind him. "I take it Lily is Head Girl?" "Yes, and you're going to hate this, but James is Head Boy." As expected, Severus's face contorted in disgust, horror, and pain. Lydia looked down at her shoes, knowing he wouldn't want her to gawk at him when he was suffering. "I figured," she said, "that you'd rather hear it from me than to see-" "You're right," he said, clearing his throat. "I…I'm sorry I left so early this morning. I had to get a very early train and…and I didn't want to wake you up. You were smiling and I so rarely see you smile." She looked up at him again, but he was now looking at his shoes. "I'm not upset, Severus," she said, not really lying. "Yes, I would have liked to say goodbye, but I assumed you had your reasons. You rarely do things without reason." He looked up at her, his black eyes still wrestling with the pain of hearing about James. He sighed. "Thank you, Lydia, for giving me somewhere to stay for the night. I hope you slept well after I left." "I told you already, it was nothing." Severus, looked at the floor again and said, "My mother was having coffee this morning when I got back. She'd just seen him off to work." He shivered slightly. "She asked how you were." Lydia frowned. "Does she know…?" He shook his head. "I reckon she suspects, since she hasn't heard anything out of your house in a while, but I've not told her anything. If she does know, she's keeping it quiet, probably because you've not called the police on him." "I almost did," Lydia admitted. "In July, that day he was beating her head against the wall. I thought he might have killed her." "He didn't." "But he might have. It was horrifying." He gave her a wry smile and said, "It was worse seeing it, I imagine, the actual blood and the way her hands were shaking as she tried to lift herself off the ground." "Stop," Lydia said, shaking her head and turning back toward the window. "I'm sorry. I…I should go anyway. Apparently we have a guest in our compartment this year." Severus sniffed. "Lydia, are you all right?" He wanted to know if it was safe to leave her alone after talking about such morbid things. Lydia nodded, knowing that when he was gone she would feel a bit better, if only a little bit. She turned and he smiled at her sadly. "Right," he said, sighing. "I'll go, then. Have a pleasant trip." "You too," she muttered, and he opened the compartment door to find Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew standing there, Sirius's hand reaching out like he was about to open it. Lydia's heart began to race as Sirius and Severus glared at each other like they were about to duel. "Snivellus," Sirius said coldly. "Stay away from Lydia." "Perhaps she would prefer you stay away," Severus taunted. "But as it happens I was just leaving." He glanced at Lydia with disappointment in his black eyes, but she could hardly care. He was walking away from a fight, and she was too busy being proud about that to think of much else. Severus slinked away down the corridor and Sirius turned to Lydia, grabbing her arms despite her cries of protest and checking her wrists. "Did he hurt you?" he demanded. "Of course not," Lydia sighed, wresting her arms out of his grasp. "Will you stop being ridiculous? He was just thanking me for something." "What?" She looked at him defiantly and for a split second she wanted to tell him exactly how she'd spent her prior evening, but it wouldn't do any good, for either her or Severus. "He had a black eye yesterday," she said. "I healed it. He was in a bit of hurry and didn't get a chance to thank me, so he made a point of thanking me now." Sirius hummed skeptically, turning back to Peter. "Watch him, Peter." He turned back to Lydia. "I needed to talk with you alone anyway. There's…there's something…" Peter scurried away before Lydia could say anything to stop him and she felt her heart pounding as the compartment door slid closed, leaving her alone with Sirius. She stepped toward the door, but that only made things worse. Sirius was standing at the door. This was about her letters, she just knew it. This was about his confessions of love and her lack of satisfactory reply. She could fell herself getting sick at the thought. "Sirius," she said softly, "I don't think there's really any need for us to talk about anything. I have to…to…" But she had nothing to do, and he shook his head. He motioned for her to sit down and she had no reason to not. She stumbled a little as the train started moving, and she looked out the window to see all the people on the platform waving the train away. Sirius was sitting a bit closer than Lydia was used to him doing, but she thought it would be poor manners to scoot away. There was something very not-normal about all of this. "I need to tell you something," he said nervously. "It's very important." No, something very abnormal was certainly going to occur, Lydia decided, because she had never before known a time when Sirius had been nervous about anything. He actually looked at the window and said, "I'm sure you know about my running away from home." "Yes," she said. Everybody at Hogwarts knew about it. His running away from home had been one of the biggest pieces of news at Hogwarts when it happened. As a Gryffindor there would have been no escaping knowledge of it. He sighed heavily. "My parents, particularly my mother, believe some very warped things about magic and the world and blood purity," he explained, spitting out the last two words like a bad taste in his mouth. "It makes sense when you're a child and you take your parents' words on faith, but when I got to Hogwarts and saw that Lily Evans was as naturally proficient at magic as even the best of the purebloods and far better than most of the rest of them, the views of my family just sort of crumbled." Lydia nodded, wondering how troubling that must have been for a young Sirius Black, learning that he couldn't just rule the world on the exquisite purity of his own blood. Granted, he still had all the qualities needed to be impressive to others, namely astonishingly good looks and incredibly persuasive charm. "Things got rough at home when I stopped adhering to the views of my family," Sirius continued. "I'm not…not a strange to Unforgivables." Lydia shivered, thinking of Severus's black eye. "It just got to the point where I wasn't going to take it anymore," he recounted, and she was so focused on his story that she did not notice the fact that Sirius had moved even closer to her. "I got in a large fight with my mother about my…associations. I managed to get my essential things and make it to the Potters before my mother could fully lose it and k-" He cut off abruptly, but the absolute paleness of his face told Lydia exactly what he'd been about to say. Sirius got out before his mother could kill him. Suddenly, Lydia could feel something welling up within her chest, a yearning to tell him everything she'd been holding between herself and Severus. She could hear the gunshots, could feel the terror gripping her. She opened her mouth, about to say something, everything…. "And I never went back," Sirius continued. "Regulus is what he is and I am what I am, but hopefully now they can have an heir that they can be proud of." The moment was passed and Lydia's mouth was closed again. A blush rose up in her cheeks as she realized just how much she nearly told him. But he had told her his secrets. Didn't she owe him secrets of her own? She was torn out of that consideration, however, when he moved a bit closer and their legs were touching. Lydia became fully aware of just how unfairly and overwhelmingly attractive he was and the fact that he smelled incredibly good. "Sirius," she said, wondering whether or not she should move away when she realized that she was already against the wall of the compartment. He put his hand against the wall beside her head, making her feel a bit boxed in. He sighed, shaking his head a little without moving his eyes from hers. "You make me nervous," he muttered, and Lydia could feel her heart pounding in her ears as she tried to think of the right way to respond to the strange situation she was finding herself in. Suddenly, Sirius's expression became set and determined and he leaned forward, his lips lingering just apart from hers until he pressed them to hers a moment later, causing Lydia's head to spin. His lips were surprisingly soft. That was all she had time to process before her mind began to panic. This was Sirius Black, the heartthrob of the school. He wasn't meant to be putting his lips on her lips, he was meant to be out there snogging some fan girl. But this was also the boy who sketched her in Arithmancy and tried to write her love letters. This was the boy who kept her letters to someone else, pretending they were for him. This was Sirius Black, though, not Remus. Lydia was in love with Remus. She shouldn't be sitting there, doing nothing, while Remus's best friend was kissing her. But his lips were soft and warm and…. And he had been kissing her for far too long, she realized, and she pulled away from his mouth slightly, looking up at his eyes with heart pounding and eyes wide as he smiled at her. There was a very small window in which Lydia could get away and process. "There's more," he whispered, still looking at her lips. "More?" she said, befuddled, realizing that her window was closing rapidly. "I…I'm an illegal Animagus," he said softly, moving his lips again close to hers. "A dog, actually." Lydia was confused, to be sure, and when his lips touched hers once more she found herself wondering if she'd heard him right. A dog? Sirius, a dog…. It seemed remarkably suitable, even comically sensible that Sirius would turn into a dog, right even down to his shaggy black hair. Lydia could feel Sirius's hand moving to her face, clearly making its way to tangle in her own hair. The panic arose again to overtake the muddled mess of confusion brought on by Sirius's lips and his confession of being an illegal Animagus. She needed to get out of the compartment before she let this wave of confusion lead her somewhere perhaps foolish, perhaps downright wrong. Lydia began to pull away again, but Sirius moved with her, obviously desperate to cling to this kiss more than the last. When she finally managed to get out of his grasp she stood, catching her breath. "I…I need to find Lily," she managed to say to his confused, emblazoned eyes. And before he had a chance to object, she hurried away from the compartment, seeking Lily and her sense of balance equally.
"Oh, Artemis, can't you sit still?" Lily implored. Artemis snapped, "No," and continued to pace frantically. This was an annual occurrence as Artemis planned the Halloween party for Gryffindor. "Lydia," Artemis finally said slowly. "Do you think the Marauders could find us a more spectacular venue?" "I…I don't," Lydia began, stuttered. "Artemis," Lily said indignantly, "you're forgetting I'm Head Girl and can get you any space you want." "Oh," Artemis said with surprise. "I'd actually forgotten that completely. I need you to find the most fantastic spot in the castle. Last year was nearly ruined by location." Lydia resisted the urge to roll her yes at her friend's annual dramatics. The Halloween party had been in the common room the year before, as it had satisfactorily been in all years prior. Artemis, however, had a strong obsession with the constant improvement of her party planning skills. It made for a wonderful end result, but the whole thing was more than a bit stressful for her roommates. "I'll take care of it, Artemis," Lily assured. "You can focus on the other details you so love." As soon as details were mentioned, Artemis plopped down on her bed and looked at the parchment on her bedside table with the to-do list she had been crafting. "Sirius has promised food and drink as usual," she muttered. "There's that taken care of." Sirius and Artemis were of one mind when it came to parties: make them as incredible as possible and ensure they're never forgotten. Lydia's mind ran more along the lines of: make them over with quickly and forgotten by all. Unfortunately, she really had little say in the matter, and since those who did run things ran on the same lines of Artemis and Sirius, Lydia was more or less doomed to the sort of spectacular, memorable, marathon events she dreaded. "Mary and Lydia," Artemis said sharply, causing Lydia to jump at being addressed. "Have you got costumes yet?" Lydia could have kicked herself for not thinking to get a costume before she could be strong-armed into matching again. The silly and sometimes even slutty outfits they had forced Lydia into were burned annually. The thought of destroying more fabric made her want to throw things. "We have costumes," Mary said, smiling at Lydia. "I saw something this summer that I knew would look great on you." This was news to Lydia, who perked up a little as Mary went to her trunk and pulled out a long, medieval-style robe made of semi-sheer, lavender silk so floaty it nearly held shape without a person inside it. Mary was wrong. It wasn't suitable for Lydia at all. It was far too beautiful. "Oh, Lydia, try it on!" Lily squealed, easily the most excited of the four of them. Mary continued to hold up the robes with a smile and Artemis began scribbling notes, probably trying to decide costumes for herself and Lily that would work with Lydia's new unveiled costume. Lydia was still staring at the robes in shock. It took some cajoling to get Lydia to take the robes into the bathroom, hanging them on a hook while she peeled off her own clothes, watching in the mirror as the marks of her childhood, the signs of neglect and malnourishment that made her ashamed to have anyone see her change, were uncovered. If she were Lily Evans, or even Artemis Rutgers, Lydia might have felt pretty enough to feel like she could wear the dress robes. But Mary had bought them for her specifically, so Lydia sighed and carefully took the robes down and began to put them on. The material was so light and airy that Lydia was worried she would hurt it. It was strong, though. She realized this as she pulled it into place, draping flatteringly along the planes and curves of her typically unattractive – she thought – body and causing her to gasp when she looked into the mirror. Lydia would never have believed what Mary had seen when she bought these robes unless she had seen them on herself. The color was nearly perfect for her coloring, the fit was like a glove, and not only was it incredibly flattering, but it was at the same time incredibly comfortable. Tears were in her eyes before she'd scarcely realized she was upset. The robes must have been hideously expensive. This was not the sort of thing bought for a friend. There was no way Lydia could ever repay Mary for her gift. Lydia had not forgotten those tears, that sick, indebted feeling in the pit of her stomach, by the time when she put the dress robes on again, readying herself for the Halloween party in question. She took a deep breath to ward off fresh tears and smiled in the mirror, just for practice. "All right!" Lydia called, throwing herself back into the dormitory where Organza was doing Mary's makeup and Lily was fixing Artemis's hair for the third time that night. "Oh, that's so beautiful!" Lily said, just as she had done when Lydia had first tried the robes on. Artemis had found medieval-style outfits for the others, but none were so grand or breathtaking as Lydia's. "Go try not to ruin your hair, now, Artemis," Lily chided like a mother hen. "I don't care if all the Marauders at once drive you mad; I'm not fixing it again. Lydia, sit and I'll do your hair." Despite her clear distaste for the tugging of her hair and contemplation on "what to do with her face," Lydia was coiffed to uncomfortable perfection by Lily. Somehow she managed to avoid having her face smeared with magical makeup that would have been exceedingly difficult to remove while her friends weren't looking. "Lily, Organza, I need your help!" cried Artemis from the stairwell. The two girls sighed, but they headed downstairs, leaving Lydia alone in the dormitory. That is, alone with Mary, whom Lydia had momentarily forgotten was there until she heard the sound of choked-back sobs. "Mary?" she asked, confused. She turned to look at her friend, who was sitting on the floor between Artemis and Lydia's beds, face in her hands. "Mary, are you okay?" It took Mary a long moment to look up at Lydia. From the look of her tear-stained cheeks, if she'd been using Muggle mascara it would have been all over her face. Lydia sat on her own bed, not wanting to wrinkle the silk by sitting on the floor. "Mary, what's wrong?" The girl sucked in a deep breath before looking up at Lydia, shaking her head and whispering, "It's nothing, nothing. Don't worry about it." Of course, nothing Mary could have said would have made Lydia worry more. Mary had certainly not had things easy, most notably when the Slytherins had cursed her. As a Gryffindor Quidditch player, she had taken at least her share of inter-house Quidditch-related warfare and even hospital time. Lydia had not actually been hit by the crazed half-done-right curses flung about where Quidditch was concerned. No, Mary, had never had things particularly easy where Hogwarts had been concerned, but never once had Lydia ever seen her cry. Something must be terribly, horribly wrong. Lydia tried to think of things to do or say that could help her friend open up, but she thought back to Sirius spilling his secrets to her on the train, and wondered how fair it would be to keep collecting others' secrets without spilling a few of her own. And Lydia was not prepared to share just yet. Mary began to wipe her face, cleaning up her complexion with a bit of Lily's powder. "Are you excited for the party?" Mary asked, forcing a smile. "Not really," Lydia said honestly. "I mean the robes, they're very pretty, but-" "No need to explain," Mary said, cutting her off. "It's not your scene. I know that. I had hoped…. Well, never mind. You look lovely, nonetheless." Lydia knew that the loveliness was nothing to her own credit, but a testament to the efforts of her friends. She had already begun checking the clock with dread. It was nearly time for the party. "Come on, then," Mary said, leading the way down to the common room with Lydia trailing reluctantly behind. Suddenly, Mary paused about halfway down the stairs and she looked up at Lydia and said, "You're right, you know. I'm…. Things aren't okay. But…but this isn't the time or place." "When is the right time and place?" Lydia pressed, trying to keep up with the strangeness of her friend's rapidly changing moods. Mary just frowned a little, shook her head, and said, "Later." Lydia barely had a chance to think that she might never reach "later" when she and Mary had reached the classroom Lily had reserved where the party was just beginning. Peter and James were setting up the food, Organza was explaining the guest list to the Gryffindor Beaters who James and Artemis had asked to do security, Lily was helping shy early-comers mingle, Remus had begun to serve drinks, and Sirius and Artemis had kicked off the dancing as they did every year, setting the bar especially high for everyone else. Keeping an eye on Mary as they headed for the drinks, Lydia only barely noticed the warm smell of Remus and the fact that he'd left his top two buttons undone. "What are you supposed to be dressed as, then?" Mary asked as Remus began making their usual, two gin and French. "A bartender," he said with a grin. He'd already had a bit to drink, then. Lydia looked away from Mary to see the curve of Remus's lips, trying to recall what they had felt like during that one, chaste kiss, but it had been too long and the memory of Sirius's kisses was too close. "What?" Lydia said with a jump, suddenly aware that something had been addressed to her. "I said you look beautiful," Remus said softly, leaning toward her to give her the drink he'd just made. Their fingers brushed as she took the drink from him and a blush rose up in her cheeks. "Thanks," she breathed, no longer aware if she was thanking him for the drink or the compliment or the stunning view of his amber eyes. "Oh, get a room," Mary teased, and Remus leaned back abruptly, blushing furiously, busying himself with his other customers and pointedly not looking at his classmates. "Did you have to do that?" Lydia complained. "He might have…." What? What might he have done? Kissed her? Perhaps, but unlikely. Remus kissing her in such a public place would have been bizarre to say the least. "Lydia, you look like a goddess," Mary said, raising an amused eyebrow. "One of those boys is going to have to make a move tonight, and whoever gets the guts to do it is the one who can take care of you." With a quick glance at the dance floor Lydia found that Sirius was watching her intently over Artemis's shoulder. Ah. "And this war," Mary went on with a shudder. "It's not going to be over soon. You can't fight any better than I can and you need someone who can take care of you." Lydia frowned. "And what about you?" she asked her friend. "Who's going to take care of you?" Mary just gave her a cryptic, sad smile, shook her head, and took a long gulp of her drink. Artemis joined them at the bar, twirling a tendril of her hair that Lily had left loose for just such a purpose. "Great song, yeah?" she asked breathlessly. "Sirius picked it. Bloody brilliant, yeah?" "Yeah," Lydia responded absently, finishing her drink as she saw the smile plaster on Mary's face once more. In truth she'd not paid any attention to the music and couldn't even think of what the song had been. "Hello, ladies," said a smooth voice in Lydia's ear as Sirius Black himself slid into the seat next to hers, complimenting them all. She glanced up at Remus as Mary and Artemis said their greetings and thanks. Remus was still pointedly looking away as Sirius leaned even closer, his spicy scent mixing with the numbing sensations of the alcohol and Lydia barely fought off the urge to lean into him and breathe him in. "Dance with me," he growled into Lydia's ear, his whole body teeming with a confidence that oozed out through his voice and into his fingertips, which were brushing quite purposefully on her arm. In spite of her weakening desire to stay by the bar as she typically did, Lydia found her hand in Sirius's and her body following his onto the dance floor, glancing briefly at Remus, whose face was unreadable. Sirius smiled at her when she turned back to him, and she had a small stab of panic when she realized how slow the music was. Had it been that slow when Sirius had asked her to dance? It must have been, although Lydia couldn't specifically recall. The scent was more intoxicating than the gin and French had been, and Lydia couldn't decide if it was better to look at Sirius's perfectly formed face or his finely chiseled neck, just barely looking up from eyelevel as his arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her body closer to his. Lydia wondered vaguely whether or not she was still breathing when Sirius took his hands from her waist long enough to move her arms around his neck, swaying her with him and finding a way to subtly shrink the space between their bodies. Was it the swaying, or was Lydia actually getting dizzy? "How did you find those robes?" his rich voice said, filling her ear. "Mary gave them to me," Lydia replied, mildly surprised at how easy it was to form words when her mind felt so lost. "They're perfect," he murmured, soft enough that she had to strain a little, lean just a little bit closer to hear properly. "You look radiant." Lydia could actually feel heat in her cheeks and she shook her head a little realizing as she did this that her head was now all but against his chest. Her heart was racing. She wasn't sure what his cologne was, but she vaguely decided she wanted to bathe in it as she muttered thanks. "Lydia," he whispered, and she instinctively looked up at his eyes, which were dark with passion. His hand on her waist felt like it was burning her skin through the surprisingly thin fabric of her dress robes. "Lydia, I want…I want…" But he couldn't seem to find words that satisfied him and Lydia realized after a moment that she was growing impatient with what he might be trying to say. "What?" she finally demanded. "What do you want?" His eyes widened a fraction and he made a small noise something like a growl before leaning in and capturing her lips in a kiss. Lydia didn't realize what was happening for a long moment. The second he had acted had been the moment the music had changed, and Lydia had not ever been properly kissed before. This was nothing like the first time Sirius had kissed her. His lips were hungry, insistent, demanding. When she did not push him away, he must have taken it for a positive sign, because he stopped dancing and wrapped his arms around her passionately. Lydia had just begun to realize what was going on when she succumbed to the persuasive force of his kisses and began acting in tandem with his lips, kissing him back without matching his vigor. Had she been able to realize anything outside the bubble of their two bodies, Lydia might have noticed the disappointed sounds girls around them made as he ran his hands all over her torso like a blind man, desperately searching for something lost. Sirius actually moaned as her lips began to kiss his back, slowly at first, but building to match the feverish nature of his kisses. She had imagined for so long what it would be like to have kisses like this that Lydia quite forgot that it was not Sirius she had dreamed of kissing so passionately, that it was Sirius who was kissing her with such fire. They must have moved to the edge of the room without her realizing, because Lydia could feel the cold of the stone wall at her back through that thin fabric of the dress robes. She sighed into Sirius's mouth as he pressed her hard to the wall with his strong body, the rough fingertips of his hand caressing her neck. He moaned in response to her sigh and she found she liked the way his moans vibrated on the inside of her cheeks almost as much as she liked the way his tongue tasted in her mouth. And oh!, how good he tasted. Opening her eyes and pulling her lips away from his what seemed like hours later, Lydia looked up into Sirius's close, glowing face and tried to catch her breath. Had that really just happened? Had she really just snogged Sirius Black? Lydia wanted to look over his shoulder, find Remus, figure out the implications of what she'd just done, but Sirius clearly didn't like this plan. His lips only stayed away from her long enough to comment on how much he loved kissing her before crashing into her again, starting with her jawline, then working over to her ear, which surprised her with its incredible sensitivity. When he gently sucked on it, her knees went literally weak for a moment, but she managed to recover by muttering about being dizzy between kisses. It was a poor excuse and probably unnecessary, but Sirius gave her a moment to breathe before whispering, "I've wanted this so long." Lydia was half afraid that he would drag her to his bed, that he had further expectations, but he did nothing of the sort, pressing her a bit tighter against the wall as he pressed his lips to hers once more. She quite forgot about Remus for a moment as Sirius's tongue danced with hers, feeling his leg between her legs, feeling his fingertips caressing her neck. This was bliss. Another song came on and Sirius stopped suddenly, and Lydia actually made a small noise of disappointment before realizing he turned slightly to look at James, who must have tapped Sirius on the shoulder. "Sorry, mate," James said sincerely. "It's time for my break. I need to find Evans." Sirius groaned, but with one final, swift kiss and entirely without a word, he took over the music. Lydia stood against the wall for half the song, still catching her breath, finding her bearings. Artemis came over. "Great party, right?" she said with a grin. "One of my best." "Yeah," Lydia muttered absently, glancing over at Sirius, who was still watching her intently. She shivered. "I'm pretty tired, Artemis. I think I'm going to call it a night, but great party!" Before Lydia's friend could protest, Lydia rushed into the corridor, to the common room, then upstairs to her dormitory, peeling off the beautiful dress robes, taking down her hair, and running her fingers through it anxiously. She collapsed onto her bed, wrapping herself up in her blankets. Sleep was elusive, though, as she was not as tired as she wished to be. Every time she closed her eyes, Lydia could feel Sirius's lips on her skin. She could almost trace his hands along her skin. Remus… Had Remus seen? Did he know she hadn't pushed Sirius away? Why hadn't she pushed him away? She shivered slightly, shutting her eyes tightly, only vaguely aware of the sound of quiet, controlled sobs coming from the bathroom as she finally fell asleep.
Halloween was still fresh on Lydia's mind a week later, and it seemed that it would be so for a very long time. She blushed every time she so much as thought of Sirius, even if it was to wonder if he had a quill she could borrow. She could barely look anyone in the eye, and found herself flustered in the simplest of circumstances. Between her issues and Mary's unexplained issues, the Gryffindor Quidditch team was not in good spirits, and James nearly tore his hair out twice. It was a cold Wednesday afternoon in the dungeons when the N.E.W.T. Potions class stood anxiously awaiting instructions from Professor Slughorn that set the most stressful twenty-four hour period of the month of November in motion, however. Professor Slughorn looked at them all, considering, having just announced that they would be attempting the incredibly difficult Felix Felicis and thus would be paired off. It was the small, often contentious nature of the class that made the decision difficult. "Mr. Snape," Slughorn finally said. After a long pause, he announced, "Miss Rowe. Miss Evans-" Lydia knew that the only reason she'd been put with Severus was that Slughorn knew that his two best students were no longer speaking – although not why – and decided not to repeat the mistake of making Lily and Severus work together. Severus set up their caldron and Lydia opened to the instructions in Severus's copy of the book, knowing he would already have made improvements, having practiced nearly all of the potions in their text during his spare time. "I'll get the ingredients," she said, running her finger down the list looking for anything she would need to handle in some special way. "All right, but I need to talk with you," Severus muttered, lighting a fire beneath their cauldron and glancing at the instructions lazily, as one does when refreshing a memory of a familiar recipe. Lydia frowned, but went to get the ingredients, not wanting to waste their precious time. It was bad enough Severus did not have a more competent assistant to work with. "I think that's all," Lydia said, checking the list once more as Severus began working on the potion. "Yes, I think I'll measure the powdered-" "Don't make a fool of yourself, Lydia," Severus said, so softly that she hadn't been sure at first that he'd said anything at all. She blinked up at him, confused. She wasn't that bad at Potions. She was no Lily, but she knew her strengths, and her measurements were often chillingly exact. "Is there something more useful for me to do?" she managed to ask without sounding too hurt. "Measure," he said sharply. "But I don't care what you say about expectations, Lydia. Don't soil yourself with Black." She nearly dropped the spoon she had picked up. How had he known? But she shouldn't have been surprised, really. Severus had an uncanny way of knowing things, and had never explained his secret to Lydia. Finishing with the powdered ingredients, Lydia moved on to liquid measurements, avoiding looking at anything but the blood and juice in front of her. "Lydia," Severus finally prompted, and she handed him the blood she knew he'd want next. "I don't have anything to say," she muttered stubbornly, sharpening Severus's silver knife to the sharpness she knew he preferred. Precision was as important to him as it was to her, just in different ways. "I questioned your taste when you fell for Lupin, but at least he was a prefect," Severus drawled, letting the potion boil for ten seconds before tossing in the mandrake leaves and stirring. "Cut the leeches, just in half horizontally." "It says twice vertically." "Do it once horizontally." "All right." Lydia began carefully slicing the leeches exactly down the middle, shuddering at the pile of thirty she had to cut. "But Black doesn't even have the discipline for that," he said, returning to his former chastisement of Lydia. "Surely you aren't shallow enough to think looks and charm are sufficient qualities." Lydia physically cringed away from him as he plucked up half a dozen leech halves. He was referring to her father. A charming, handsome, well-thought-of man had been the monster who tormented her sweet mother to desperation. The fact that Lydia's mother had been a Muggle had made things so much worse, giving her father a power that her mother could never match or even withstand. And to even call him a father was a bit of a stretch in anything but a biological sense. "He is not like that," Lydia whispered, less out of any affection for Sirius and more because she instinctively felt it unfair to compare anyone to her father, just as she would never have dared compare anyone to Tobias Snape. "No?" Severus prompted, counting out more leech halves. "He is a Black, Lydia. It is in his blood." "Blood isn't everything," she said firmly. "It…it can't be." If blood were everything, Severus would be a monster, a Death Eater, a killer. And Lydia wouldn't be much better. She blinked tears out of her eyes, finishing the leeches and watching him add the last of the blood, leaving only the remaining leeches as he stirred in even, measured strokes. "Add the leeches in six half leeches while I stir every time I say so," he said sharply, and Lydia nodded, separating the remaining leech halves. "Now." She tossed in the first grouping. "The fact remains, though, that he is not all you seem to think he is. He is dangerous, Lydia, even if you've yet to see it." "Severus, I-" "He tried to kill me." Lydia blushed. What could she say to that? She knew about the incident in question. How could she explain that? "I know," she muttered. "Now." The next bunch of leeches was tossed in and the hazel-colored potion began clearing up considerably. Severus stayed silent for the remainder of brewing but to tell her when to add the next set of leech halves to the concoction. The potion was perfect, of course, and the praise heaped on the pair of them actually made Lily go red in the face, because the one she had done with a Ravenclaw boy had turned out a very transparent yellow, but not entirely clear. Severus grabbed Lydia's wrist on the way out of class and said, "Please don't be a fool. Don't ruin yourself." Not knowing what else to do or say, not wanting to throw his own associations back in his face, Lydia merely walked away, following Lily up the stairs to the entrance hall, pretending she'd had a perfectly normal day in Potions as she caught up to her red-haired friend. "What was that about?" Lily asked, still obviously a bit sour about her potion. "Just issues we've always had," Lydia half-lied. "C'mon, I want to get a good spot for studying in the common room." In her bitterness, Lily let it drop, but when she, Lydia, and Artemis had spent four hours doing school work, James, Sirius, and Remus joined them looking concerned. "What?" Artemis asked. "We're busy." "Have you, er, seen MacDonald?" James said sheepishly. "She's…she's missing." "Missing?" Lydia asked, feeling a sense of foreboding in the pit of her stomach. "What do you mean, missing?" "I thought you had ways of finding everyone in the castle," Lily said coldly. "That's the thing," Remus said sheepishly. "She's not…. I mean, we really have no idea where she is." "Well, I don't see how," Lily began, but Lydia jumped up and spoke over her friend. "We need to find her," she said urgently. "She'd been strange lately. I…. She wouldn't tell me what was wrong." Without thinking, she grabbed Sirius's arm. "We need to find her." Lily's eyes were wide, and finally she nodded. "All right," she said. "What do we do?" "We split up," Remus said. "James, you and Artemis take the upper floors. Lily, we'll take the middle of the castle. Sirius and Lydia, lower levels. We'll find her." Lydia opened her mouth to protest, but she knew Remus was right to take Lily, who was already in a bad mood. Sirius led a trembling Lydia down to the second floor, where they were starting their part of the search. "Are you okay?" Sirius asked as she stood in front of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom close to tears. "What if something's happened to her?" Lydia asked, shaking. "It'll be all my fault. I should have told someone. I should have told a teacher. I should have-" "Shh," Sirius soothed, brushing a bit of her hair gently out of her face. "No matter what we find out, none of this is your fault. Okay?" Lydia forced herself to swallow and nodded, blinking back tears as she checked the toilets, but there was no one there, not even Myrtle. They walked down the marble staircase, wands ready as they entered what was Slytherin territory. They checked as they had done on the second floor, opening every empty classroom and broom cupboard. Mary wasn't in the Great Hall, either, or the chamber at the far end of it. "One more floor," Sirius said softly, and he took Lydia's hand in his. She barely even noticed how sweaty it was, so glad she was of comfort as they went one stair at a time to the lower level, the level of the dungeons: Slytherin territory. "Maybe she was just in the library," Lydia said weakly as they reached the first landing, but they heard the sound of a creaking rope at the bottom of the stairs and Sirius raised his lit wand. Mary was hanging, pale, from the ceiling, a large pool of blood on the floor beneath her feet. Lydia screamed. She closed her eyes, saw green light, heard the sound of a gun. So much blood. She just kept screaming and she could feel Sirius pulling her back up the stairs, holding her tightly, desperately trying to calm her. Once Lydia had come back to her senses, she realized that she was sitting on Sirius's lap in the entrance hall, clutching his shirt and crying into it. Sirius had one arm firmly around her, and he was pulling something out of his pocket with the other hand. "James," he said. He waited for a moment, kissing Lydia's sweaty forehead as she tried to comprehend what was going on. "Yeah," said James's voice. Lydia jumped, looking at the mirror that had James's face on it. "Send the girls back to the tower. Get Remus. Find McGonagall, Pomfrey, and Dumbledore, tell them we've got an emergency on the stairs to the dungeons. Make sure Madam Pomfrey brings a Calming Draught for Lydia. Hurry up." "Is Mary hurt?" "Just hurry up, James," Sirius snapped, putting the mirror back in his pocket and wrapping his other arm around Lydia. "Sirius," Lydia croaked, but Sirius shook his head. "It's not your fault," he insisted. "Not your fault." They sat there in near-silence for several minutes before Professor McGonagall arrived with Remus and Lily. "Remus, I said-" "She wouldn't listen, Sirius," Remus said dully, looking at Lydia, who was still a bit of a mess, sniffling in Sirius's arms. "What is going on, Mr. Black?" Professor McGonagall asked sharply. "It's Mary MacDonald, professor," Sirius said as Artemis showed up with a flustered Madam Pomfrey, who was clutching a vial. "She's at the bottom of the stairs." Professor McGonagall rushed down the stairs and Sirius and Madam Pomfrey made Lydia take the Calming Draught. "Should Madam Pomfrey look at Mary?" Lily asked softly as James arrived with Professor Dumbledore. "I'm not sure it'll make a difference," Sirius replied somberly. Without an explanation, Professor Dumbledore hurried down the stairs. A few moments later he and a crying Professor McGonagall returned to the waiting students. "Explain," he said softly to Sirius. Sirius quickly explained how they had come to find Mary in the condition she was in, leaving the whole group in stunned silence as Madam Pomfrey rushed down the stairs to take care of the body. "What happened?" Lily asked, tears filling her pretty green eyes. "It is impossible to say for certain how she got here and why," Professor Dumbledore said carefully. "But someone magically exsanguinated her and then hung her body by the neck from the ceiling. I will investigate further, but there is little to go on." Lily shook with sobs and James wrapped his arm around her shoulder comfortingly. In all of the shock, no one noticed that Lily didn't react to this gesture. The six Gryffindors were escorted back to Gryffindor Tower once they had all been cleared medically by Madam Pomfrey. They sat up in the common room despite the fact that everyone else had gone to bed. James got the fire going again and they settled on the floor in front of it, pushing the side of his face against hers. Lydia glanced over at Remus, whose eyes were trained especially on the fireplace. Not knowing what else to do, she allowed Sirius to pull her a bit closer, to press his forehead to her temple and breathe in deeply. Her body's closeness was as comforting to him as his was to her, she told herself, subconsciously leaning back against him. "This is what it's going to be like, isn't it?" Lily asked softly, gripping Artemis's hand like she, too, might disappear if no one was looking. "This is the war." "Yeah," James sighed. "This is the war. But this isn't how it has to be. Because I'm going to fight back." "Me too," Sirius muttered in assent. "And me," Artemis said firmly. "Yeah," Remus said with a nod. "So will I," Lily said. To cover her conspicuous lack of assent, Lydia cleared her throat and asked, "Has anyone seen Peter?" "Don't worry, he was already asleep," James said quickly. "We didn't think waking him would have been helpful." "Sleep sounds nice," Lily muttered, resting her head on James's shoulder, probably without realizing. The six of them were fast asleep in minutes. Lydia did not sleep peacefully, however, and woke twice in the night. The second time she found she was not alone in insomnia, for Remus was sitting on one of the displaced armchairs with his legs tucked under him. She tried to move closer to him, but when she tried to shift out of Sirius's hold, she felt him groan and hug her even more tightly. Remus just watched, his scarred face impassive in the moonlight. "Nothing's easy with you boys, is it?" Lydia said lightly, reaching up and touching Remus's ankle. He said nothing for a long moment, his eyes merely flickering to her hand without a change in expression. Finally, he whispered, "Nightmares?" Lydia blinked at him, so tempted to tell him how familiar nightmares were, but she just couldn't. Eventually, she just nodded. The movement was unconsciously felt by Sirius, who pulled her closer, shifting so that he wrapped his leg around her and nuzzled his face into her shoulder. "Lydia," he sighed, and she looked up at Remus, horrified and confused. What was she supposed to do? When Sirius had settled peacefully once more, Remus just titled his head slightly, watching them. "You look good together," he said softly. "Remus," she said pitifully. How could he just say that, say it like it was nothing at all to him? "He loves you, Lydia." "I know." Their eyes met in the dark, hers pleading, but his changing not at all in their unreadable nature. They just watched each other for a long while, listening to the calm breathing of their friends. Lydia had just opened her mouth to say something when she felt it against her leg. Sirius was growing hard and he was pressed so tightly against her and wasn't seeming likely to let go anytime soon. "Are you uncomfortable?" Remus asked, sensing Lydia's distress. She nodded, and Remus pulled out his wand, pointing it as Sirius jolted awake, taking in his surroundings for a moment before blushing and untangling from Lydia sloppily. "Excuse me," he muttered. "Shower." As he stumbled away, Remus hissed, "Was your hands when you're done." Lydia had the feeling that if it had been light enough to see, Sirius's ears would have turned red at this jab, and Lydia felt that the joke had been both tasteless and unnecessarily cruel. But the thought of what Sirius was about to be doing in the shower made her feel a bit sick and she shivered, clambering up onto the other armchair. "He loves you," Remus repeated simply. Lydia so badly wanted to ask whether Remus could not or would not love her, but this seemed as cruel as his joke, and she did not really want to know. "I know he thinks he does," she sighed, shifting to get comfortable in her chair. "No, he does love you," Remus insisted. "It's a bit mean of you to ignore it like you do." She wanted to scream at him that Remus was the mean one, not loving her when he knew she so desperately loved him. But for so many reasons she stayed silent, staring at the empty fireplace. "You two should be together," Remus said, shifting a bit in his chair. "You clearly make sense." How dare he? Lydia fought the tears forming at the corners of her vision, refusing to look at him. With Mary's death, this was all too much. "Christmas is coming," he continued. "I think that would be a good time for you two to get together. Sirius loves Christmas. It would be like the best present of the year." "Remus-" "You're coming to his Christmas party, right? He'll have the place covered with mistletoe, of course. There's your excuse to make a move." "Remus, please, stop." "He always gets what he wants, Lydia." "What about what I want?" she whispered. Remus just looked at her for a long minute, his face just as inscrutable as it had been. "You need to forget about me, Lydia," he said quietly. "You should be with Sirius. I could never give you what you deserve. I'm…I'm a monster." Lydia shook her head, blinking back tears. She didn't want to believe that he was right, because if he was how could he get by without her? "And Sirius, he may not have the Black family fortune anymore, but he's got resources, and he's got talent and charm. He'll make something of himself." She shivered, thinking of Severus's words that afternoon. Charm and talent and a pretty face…. That could make a monster just as surely as the monthly beast Remus became. And Sirius had certainly tried to kill Severus. But Severus had tried to kill Sirius a time or two as well. "What if none of that matters to me?" Lydia finally said. "What if I just want you?" Remus winced, frowning down at their sleeping friends. After a long minute, he stood between the two armchairs, leaned down and pressed a kiss on Lydia's forehead, and said, "Good night." Without another word, he walked away up the stairs and left Lydia to sit more or less alone and stare at the dead fireplace. Lydia could still feel Remus's lips burning on her forehead as she tried to process what was now yesterday. Artemis began to stir, waking. She was unused to being uncomfortable, and had likely slept shallowly all night. "Lydia?" Artemis asked. "Did…did it…?" A nod certified that Mary was, in fact, dead, and that it hadn't merely been a dream. They spent a few minutes in silence while Artemis collected herself, face in her hands. The full horror of it had hit Lydia fully upon seeing Mary's body, and so it had felt entirely real upon waking and she could not imagine it to have been only a dream if she had tried. Once Artemis had collected herself, she looked up and said, "Sirius was really good about it, wasn't he? Very sweet. You should have seen the way he held you, the way he looked at you…." Lydia shook her head, feeling herself blush. It had been Sirius, not Remus, to comfort her in her time of need. It had been Sirius who willingly shared his secrets with her. Sirius was the one who saved her letters, who seemed to care very much about her and her wellbeing, and…. Shouldn't that be Remus? Or maybe…. Maybe she was supposed to love Sirius, not Remus. But she thought of them both, tried to think of Sirius as she thought of Remus, but nothing worked, nothing helped. She felt so inexplicably guilty. And she blinked away the tears that came to her eyes, careful not to let Artemis see.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, LilyHellsing, whose interest in this story got me typing this morning. Cheers! -C The snow was in full force by the beginning of December, increasing the mood of depression that had fallen on the castle with Mary's sudden and rather gruesome death. What was more, Sirius was beginning to pay special attention to Lydia, which was less than particularly comfortable as everyone was starting to notice. James noticing meant little, although Peter squeaked whenever the two of them were in a room together. Lily couldn't seem to decide whether to be disapproving or pleasantly surprised with Sirius's attentiveness. Artemis fairly well loved it, using Sirius's puppy-like attentions as a distraction from her own grief. She also took great pleasure in making Lydia up and constantly trying to find ways to encourage "the lovebirds," as she referred to Sirius and Lydia. Worst of all, Severus had taken a very careful notice of her being followed by Sirius, and perhaps more importantly the fact that Lydia didn't know what to do about this development. "I don't approve much of your choices," he told her coldly during their last Potions less on the term. She would have taken a "Happy Christmas," but she should have known better than to expect so much civility out of Severus. "Perhaps I don't approve of yours either," Lydia said coldly, hardly believing the words coming from her own mouth. The corners of Severus's mouth turned up in a small smirk. "Had you ever spoken to someone other than myself in that tone I would have said you ought to be in Slytherin." "Don't insult me," Lydia hissed. "Especially when you know she was my friend." Severus's eyes widened almost imperceptibly and turned a bit cold. "I had nothing to do with that," he whispered. "But you know who did and you do nothing and it's just as bad," she said softly, making sure with a quick glance around the room to be sure no one was listening in. "I saw it Severus. I saw her hanging there and I-" She choked back a sob, tears in her eyes as she looked down at her cauldron to collect herself. There was really no need to continue speaking because Severus knew exactly what she meant. There was a long moment of only the cauldrons simmering between them before he finally said, "I'm sorry." This cleared the air enough that Severus obviously felt again justified in telling her why Sirius was bad for her. "The way he looks at you," Severus growled. "It's not decent." Lydia shrugged. "Artemis thinks it's cute." "And you?" Severus sneered. "Do you think it…cute?" It sounded like the last word made him actually sick, so Lydia laughed for a moment before she managed to master herself. "Why can't you just let me be happy?" she finally sighed, picking up a spoon to stir her potion vigorously as the book told her to do and Severus watched for a moment before he gently touched her hand, stopping the motion. "The other way, now," he muttered. Lydia took his instruction, flushing slightly at forgetting what he'd told her at the beginning of class. "Are you happy?" Severus then whispered in her ear as she stirred. "Are you truly happy with those dunderheads?" He didn't mention Mary, but Lydia knew her death was somehow implied in the question. "Sirius was there," Lydia finally told him. "He was there when I needed him-" "So was I," Severus sneered. "I don't use it as an excuse to buy some sort of claim to you." Lydia frowned, not exactly certain that wasn't in a strange way what he was trying to do. But then, the Marauders hadn't been able to protect Mary. Perhaps Severus was right about that, about his protection… "Does he know?" Severus asked calmly, dropping a skinned shrivelfig to his potion while he stirred. Lydia said nothing but she could feel herself blushing once more. His lips curled again into a sneer and he said, "So you don't want him after all. If you can't tell him your deepest secrets, Lydia…." He didn't need to finish the sentence. Her own mind had done so dozens of times already. How could she keep her secret from Sirius when he had bared his soul to her? And what was more, how could she let him shower her with attention when he didn't even know the deepest, darkest parts of her? "Turn off your flame," Severus ordered. "I'll stir both of our Potions if you measure the mandrake juice." Thankfully, as their potions were in their most critical final stages of brewing, Severus stayed fully focused on finishing properly for the remainder of class. When they turned in their work they were held up for a long moment by Slughorn who was so tickled with the progress of their partnership that he absolutely lavished them with praise for a full five minutes before letting them go. "Ironic, isn't it, that he won't invite us to his precious Slug Club," Lydia grumbled. "I mean, what's half-blood, anyway? He's collected Lily, and she's Muggleborn for Merlin's sake!" But Severus made no reply, simply walking beside her. When they reached the bottom of the stairs, the very spot where Mary's corpse had hung, Lydia froze. It was clean. It all looked different. But it was still chilling. "Please don't let him make a fool of you, Lydia," Severus finally said, staring at the bottom step that her eyes were glued to determinedly. "You know what Black is like. I don't want to see you like that. You've…you've been through enough." She'd been through enough… She'd go through more. The war wasn't going away, and even if somehow, miraculously, nothing happened to her, others around her would die. There was no escaping more pain. What did a little bit more matter, one way or the other? Still, she knew what he meant, so Lydia just smiled sadly at Severus and said, "I'll do what I can. You know that." Without another word, the two friends went up the staircase, parted ways at the top, and didn't look back at each other as they went to find their separate friends. It made her feel a bit sick, actually, how easily they carried on this charade. But Lydia was still upset about Severus's words during class, so their lies didn't bother her so much that moment. Lydia found her friends in the common room, all the seventh year Gryffindors in one corner together as they'd taken to doing since Mary's death, sitting silently. "Hey," Lydia said as she sat between Sirius and Artemis, the only seat empty. "Hi," Sirius replied, smiling at her quickly. "How's Potions?" "Fine," Lydia said with a nervous shrug and a quick glance at Lily. "What have you all been about, then?" "We've been talking about holiday," Artemis said, clearly out of sorts about something. "And…and after it." "Oh," Lydia said, confused. They'd made plans to do a couple of parties over the holiday, so perhaps there was some sort of problem with all that… "I'm not coming back," Organza said, almost proud. Lydia's eyebrows furrowed at his, trying to make some sort of sense of Organza's outburst. What holiday were they referring to? Lydia had thought Christmas, but with Organza's words the assumption suddenly seemed nonsensical. "I'm sorry?" Lydia finally said. "I don't follow." "I'm getting married," Organza said. "You're not invited, obviously. But after what happened to Mary-" they shuddered collectively "– my mother and my fiancé decided it would be safer if we were wed and on the continent. Things aren't so bad there." Lydia digested this information for a moment, trying to repress her glee at being forever free of Organza. It didn't seem appropriate, somehow. "Oh," was all Lydia was able to summon up in response, and this seemed to satisfy Organza, who was likely happily reading all manner of nasty things into that single syllable. "Basically, she's running away," Sirius finally spat. Organza looked at him with surprise and Lily began to speak in Organza's defense, but Sirius cut her off. "Basically, you've seen Mary's death, or the aftermath of it, and it frightens you, so you get your fiancé all worked up so that you can run away and not do your part for the war. Never mind all the lives that will be lost, so long as yours isn't among them. Never mind right and wrong, so long as you get a fancy house and little more expected of you than heirs. Some Gryffindor you are, Organza." Lydia hated Organza if she hated anyone in the world, but even she felt that this assessment, while perfectly true, was a bit much to say out loud, all at once like Sirius had just done. After all, if Lydia could run away and never look back she would do it in a heartbeat, but there was nowhere to go. Besides that, Organza would have been even more utterly useless in the war effort than Lydia, and everyone knew it. But Lydia, being Lydia, said nothing in defense of either party and merely sank deeper into her chair, wishing little more than to disappear. "We can't all be held to the same standards Sirius," Remus said softly. "Do you think Lydia ought to be dueling?" Sirius tensed and paled at the suggestion, and then replied, "Of course not," casting Lydia an apologetic glance. "But she can still help the war effort…. Potions…." "I happen to blow up every other cauldron I use," Organza reminded him coldly, having regained her composure. "What can you honestly expect of me, smothering someone with star charts?" There was forced, tense laughter at the probably-joke and everyone looked around, trying to decide whether something more ought to be added to the debate or whether the subject might be changed. Since no one could choose, the awkward silence grew to bursting. Finally, Artemis said, "Well, I think it's nearly time for dinner. Shall we head down?" All agreed, and the debate was forgotten with the eminent promise of food. Lydia's mind, though, was on the war the rest of the day. If there was one thing Lydia had, it was an unfortunately vivid imagination. As she looked at her friends, she could see their faces as cruel, cold death masks, pale and covered in streaks of blood. Maybe Organza had the right idea. Perhaps Lydia would be better off finding somewhere on the continent where she could run away from her home and never look back. Except if she did that she would be separated from Remus, Lily, Severus, Artemis, Sirius, James – everyone she cared about. Sure, things were growing more and more complicated, but without anyone to distract her, Lydia knew that she would go mad from nightmares and loneliness if she spent more than a month alone. "Lydia?" Artemis asked gently when they went to get ready for bed. "Are you all right, dear?" "I don't know," Lydia admitted. "The things Sirius said today, the bits about the war, rather shocked me. If we get killed…. But I can't just run away, can I? It wouldn't be right, would it?" "Calm down," Artemis said firmly. "Just sit down, breathe, and think about what you're saying. If this is some kind of survivor's guilt, I can understand that, but you can't actually think that Organza has the right of things. Lydia, do you even speak another language?" Lydia blinked. She hadn't even thought of that. Lydia's father had tried to teach French to his only child. Unfortunately, Lydia had little aptitude and no interest, so now all she could remember was that pomme des terre meant "potatoes," but she could no longer remember why she'd found it so funny as a child. "No, not really," Lydia admitted. "I suppose that would be a problem, wouldn't it?" "I would assume so," Artemis said. "Now, do we need Sirius to snog some sense into you, or - ?" "I'm fine," Lydia said, hurried. "Besides, Lydia doesn't want to snog Sirius, anyway," Lily said, sniffing, having only come in to hear the end of the conversation. She was clearly having an anti-Marauder day. "It's getting a bit ridiculous, the way he chases her around." Lydia actually felt a bit offended on Sirius's behalf, especially because she didn't think Sirius behaved half as ridiculous as the two boys pining after Lily. But as usual, Lydia said nothing. Artemis, however, went on to insist that Sirius's devotion was adorable. "Besides," she teased, "we all know you're just jealous that James hasn't been stalking you this year and you're starved for attention!" The girls laughed, even Lily, how merely blushed rather than protest, and the somber tone was lifted from the room that had hung over their beds since Mary's death. /-/ When Christmas came, Lydia found herself, awkwardly, knocking on the door of Sirius's house. It wasn't that she had any desire to see him specifically, but she had promised to do to the Christmas part he was throwing. Since even Lily had agreed to go, Lydia felt it would have been in especially bad form for her not to show. "Lydia!" Sirius said, breathless and excited, his cheeks a bit red from drinking. "Come in, come in! You'll freeze!" It was, in fact, snowing and snowing hard, and when Sirius helped Lydia out of her damp coat she felt herself embarrassed by his intense stare. "You look beautiful, as always," he whispered, and Lydia just managed to splutter out suitable thanks when Artemis attacked her out of nowhere with a forceful hug and dragged her into the kitchen, where everyone was congregated. "Lydia!" James cried happily, kissing her cheek, clearly having had far too much alcohol already. "Have a drink, Rowe!" Remus gave her an apologetic look and prepared her a gin and French. The party was more subdued than Lydia was used to, just some friends having drinks and playing games. Sirius had wizard's chess and Exploding Snap, and Lily had brought a few Muggle games like Monopoly, Battleship, Candyland, Connect Four, Game of Life, Memory, Rack-O, Twister, and Yahtzee. Lydia, noting the hungry glint in Sirius's eyes as Lily had explained the rules of Twister, firmly refused to play, opting to be the spinner instead. But she could not escape him the whole night, agreeing to games of Battleship, Connect Four, and Rack-O. It wasn't until the others were deep into a round of Exploding Snap, however, that Sirius grabbed the Candyland box, took Lydia's hand, and led her down the hall to what was thankfully not his bedroom, but rather some sort of sitting room. They got onto the floor, Lydia setting up the pieces while Sirius shuffled the cards. "What color?" Lydia asked. "Red," Sirius said, setting down the neatly shuffled deck and watching as she put down the red and green markers on the starting point. "What?" Lydia asked as he frowned at her slightly. She reached for the cards. "Nothing, my dear," Sirius murmured, touching her idle hand lingeringly while she drew a card. "What did you get?" Lydia turned it over to show him the double purples and quickly moved her marker. She scarcely noticed that his fingers had been stroking the back of her hand. "Well, then," Sirius said with a smile, turning over a green card, taking him up the Rainbow Trail. "I see luck is on my side." Lydia rolled her eyes. "The game's barely started, Sirius," she reasoned. "Remember what happened to James." James had been two squares from winning when he drew the candy hearts and had to go practically back to the beginning. He'd lost horribly. "Tell you what," Sirius said with a grin. "If I win, you give me a kiss." Lydia stared at him for a moment. Had he been anyone else she might have wondered at his boldness. Without thinking too much on it, she nodded, picking up the next card. A green, but this card got her no further than the first. Sirius turned his card over to reveal the lollypops, propelling him forward into the Lollypop Woods. Lydia bit her lip, turning over the Ice Cream Floats and smiling at Sirius's frown. All of a sudden, they were neck-and-neck. He turned over double yellows. She turned over a green. Sirius flipped over double reds. Lydia turned over a purple. She frowned. Once again, she was inching along as he raced ahead. But then Sirius turned over a blue, sticking himself in the Molasses Swamp until another blue card was drawn. If Lydia had been the sort to giggle, she would have done. Green. Double Orange. Yellow. Purple. Double Orange and she had passed the swamp. But Sirius then drew double blue, landing himself deftly at the final square before Home Sweet Home, and Lydia bit her lip hoping, praying, that she could draw a double orange again, or that he would draw a picture card. But she drew a green, moving only a space forward. Lydia held her breath. Sirius turned over the next card…. Double oranges. He had won. Lydia looked into his eyes and saw such a passion burning there that she almost moved way, but she had agreed to his deal. As she leaned forward across the game board she had the momentary thought that he might have cheated. He probably had done, but his lips touched hers and she realized it would have been stupid to try to weasel out of kissing him by pointing out the fact. There was a reason she was in Gryffindor, after all. Sirius's hand moved to her cheek, tangling in her hair as he pulled her more into the kiss. It felt nice, she decided, closing her eyes and letting his lips lead hers in motions that were still unfamiliar. Somehow, though, Sirius had the ability to make everything just seem natural, and when he moaned into her mouth she shivered a little. She still felt more excited when she imagined it was Remus kissing her jaw and neck, but Lydia couldn't deny that she enjoyed the feel of his breath on her skin, and she was vaguely aware that her hand was tangled in his silky black locks. Lost in the moment, Lydia could not say how long he'd been lavishing her face and neck with hungry kisses. A nibble on her collarbone, however, brought her back to her senses and she pulled way, realizing that she was gasping for breath. Sirius moaned in protest, and although the sound was beautiful she shook her head and he knew his victory kiss had ended. "Merry Christmas, Lydia," he said softly, pointing up at what she realized was mistletoe above their heads and she wondered how long it had been there. Sirius kissed the corner of her mouth and without another word he waved his wand to clean up the game and led her back out to the others. Exploding Snap was coming to a close, and Lydia and Sirius readied the presents. And her heart raced for the rest of the night.
Lydia had been surprised for half a second to receive the invitation to the Potters' Annual New Year's Ball, but then she recalled that James got six invitations each year, and with Mary gone… Lydia had become her replacement. Still, she knew Lily planned on them both going, and as before Lydia didn't feel she could let her friend down. So Lydia, not really having anything better to wear, decided to wear the dress robes Mary had given her. With careful hands Lydia put on the delicate material, trying not to cry as she brushed her hair out gently as Mary had always liked it best. Lydia decided against makeup, even though she knew it went against custom. She could hardly bring herself to care about pureblood custom in that moment. And the Potters wouldn't mind, anyway. Lydia Disapparated, landing on the front walk of Potter Manor and walking as determinedly as she could in heels she wasn't used to up to the front door. A house-elf she knew by the name of Lucie greeted Lydia at the door, took her cloak, and directed Lydia toward the ballroom. Lydia was "announced," which was a bit surreal, having a booming voice say to everyone, "Lydia Alexandrina Rowe!" Her hands shook as she took slow, deliberate steps down the grand staircase to the ballroom. Halfway down her eyes landed on Sirius, who was standing at the foot of the stairs, watching her descend with glowing eyes. And then she realized that she wasn't a replacement for Mary. Indeed, it was unlikely that James would have thought of her on his own. Sirius had put the idea in his head. It was as she neared the end of the steps that she realized Sirius and her friends weren't the only ones watching her. People she'd never even met were watching her, and she saw what she thought was the entire Black Clan watching her from the corner with dark eyes. Surely it was all due to the robes Mary had given her. "Lydia, you look," Sirius choked out, but he couldn't seem to find a word he liked well enough to finish his sentence. He took her arm gracefully. "Your mother glared at me," Lydia muttered, and she felt bad for mentioning his family when he paled slightly. His grip on her tightened and he growled, "She's not going to touch you." Lydia had a momentary flashback of Severus telling her that Sirius wouldn't be able to take care of her. It was in that moment, Sirius clutching her hand on the edge of that ballroom, that Lydia first began to wonder if Severus hadn't even been putting it nicely, if Sirius's attentions might not put her in more danger. "Lydia!" Artemis squealed as they approached their circle of friends. "You look gorgeous!" "Thanks," Lydia replied weakly to her friend's beaming face. "I already feel like my feet will fall off." "Ah, hold still," Lily said, slipping out her wand discretely and doing some sort of charm that sucked the pain right out of Lydia's feet. "Should last all night." Lydia interpreted this as that the pain would hit her all at once in morning, but she could take a potion then. "Dance with me," Sirius murmured in her ear. She blushed a little, but since her feet no longer hurt and she couldn't think of a real reason not to, Lydia nodded slightly and allowed Sirius to lead her into the mass of dancing partners. Lydia had never been a very good dancer, but Sirius was unfairly graceful and a natural teacher. Also, the feel of his hands on her as they spun 'round was a bit intoxicating, especially as she couldn't help but think of their last kiss. From the look on his face whenever their eyes met, he was thinking of the kiss, too. They danced three songs straight before Artemis came to steal her away for a bit of girl time. "You two look perfect together," Artemis cooed, handing Lydia a glass of oak-matured mead. "Is it fun?" "It's a bit stressful, to be honest," Lydia replied with a shrug. "It's difficult to focus on dance steps when Bellatrix Lestrange is glaring at you from the corner." Artemis glanced across the room to where Bellatrix was, indeed, glaring at them. "I see what you mean," she assented. "Well, come on, then. Let's go out to the garden for a bit of fresh air. It's a beautiful night." When they reached the garden, they found Peter and Remus already present, standing at the edge of the upper garden. "Hello, ladies," Remus said with a small smile. "Having a good time?" "Yeah, just getting a bit of fresh air!" Artemis said happily. "Where are Lily and James?" The four of them looked around at each other, not one of them able to supply a satisfactory suggestion. It didn't seem much like Lily and James to disappear, especially together, especially in his house. But it was quite cold outside, so the four of them went back into the ballroom, finding it crowded with people, probably at the peak of the night. "There you are!" cried Sirius upon seeing them. "I couldn't find any of you! D'you know where Lily and James went?" They informed him that they did not, in fact, know. "Well, you missed Dad's speech, anyway," Sirius said, of Mr. Potter, not his actual father. "He gets less funny every year the war goes on." Lydia found herself obliged to dance with Sirius twice more before it as time to count down to midnight. "Ten!" Lydia spotted Lily and James talking excitedly about something in the corner. "Nine!" Remus was watching Sirius and Lydia from about twenty feet away with eyes so impassive that finding meaning in it ought to be impossible, but Lydia took from the very fact that he stared at them that he was unhappy. "Eight!" Peter was scouring the crowd for someone to kiss, although Lydia suspected he wouldn't be very successful. "Seven! Six!" She should have been watching James and Lily, should have been seeing whether or not they might kiss, but instead she was watching Remus over Sirius's shoulder. "Five! Four! Three!" It was then that she realized Sirius was leaning in for a kiss. "Two!" And Remus and Artemis were turning toward each other. "One!" And Lydia blinked back tears as Sirius's lips met hers. She was still thinking of the kiss when she sat on the Hogwarts Express back to school, wishing she could wipe the sight of Remus kissing Artemis from her mind, but she couldn't. Lydia knew it hadn't meant anything, that Remus and Artemis weren't about to announce that they were lovers. But still the very thought of their lips touching made Lydia's stomach churn, her eyes sting, her throat constrict. "Lydia?" Lily asked. "Are you all right?" No, no, nothing was all right. Her heart was in pieces and no one cared. "I'm fine," was what Lydia actually said. "Just thinking that that was our last Christmas holiday as students." "Ugh, yeah," Artemis sighed, frowning. And of course, no one pointed out that Mary had been on the train the last time they'd left King's Cross. The boys filed in then, anyway, distracting them from the hole in the compartment left by Mary's death. "Hello, ladies," Sirius said smoothly, sitting between Artemis and Lydia when Artemis hurriedly scooted over. James and Remus sat by Lily, and Peter looked around awkwardly, looking for somewhere to sit that didn't exist. "Having a good morning?" "Peter doesn't have a seat," Lydia pointed out dumbly. "Maybe Lydia should sit on Sirius's lap," Artemis teased. Lydia felt her face flush and she felt dozens of retorts piling up on her tongue, things she could never say. Instead, she got to her feet with a false sort of calm and walked evenly out of the compartment, walking vaguely down the long corridor of the train. "Wait!" called a voice, and she shivered a bit as Sirius caught up to her. "Lydia, wait." "What, Sirius?" she sighed, looking up into his gray eyes and trying not to think of Remus's amber eyes. "She was joking, Lydia," he pressed, putting his hand on her arm and glancing at her lips unconsciously. Lydia wanted to tell him that it wasn't even about that, but that she couldn't get the image of Remus kissing Artemis out of her mind every time she looked at them, but she couldn't say it to him, knowing it would break his heart. "I just need some air, Sirius," she whispered. "You can't go on your own," he insisted, and she knew it was only because she was already upset that he didn't explicitly mention Mary. Tears welled up in her eyes anyway as she gave a small shrug and kept on walking. "Lydia, will you tell me what's wrong?" Everything. Mary should be alive. Remus and Lydia should be together. Sirius should see her as a friend at best. "I don't feel like talking," she replied, weakly. She could almost picture Severus's sneering face. She couldn't hurt anyway, she couldn't share her pain with Sirius. Nothing ever really changed. Sirius didn't press the matter as they walked, but as they had no real place to go they were back at the compartment before too long. "After you," he said softly, and she stepped into the compartment to find that Lily had sat on Artemis's lap. "See?" Lily said happily, gesturing to the two empty seats. "Problem solved." Lydia gave a weak laugh, taking the seat emptied for her by Lily. "So," James said happily once everyone was settled again, "there's one really good thing we have to look forward to." "What's that?" Remus asked, staring out the window. "Organza Oldington is never coming back to Hogwarts!" Lydia knew the comment was targeted to her, and it did make her smile. James seemed pleased at the result, as did Lily and Sirius, and Lydia rubbed her knees anxiously. If even James was focusing on cheering up Lydia, things were worse than Lydia had allowed herself to believe. Was she really so depressed? Was it so obvious? Perhaps it wasn't just her, though. Artemis was looking a bit grim, Lydia realized, and any time the conversation steered toward Mary, Lily seemed close to tears. The boys helped them with their things getting off the train, and they took the carriages up to the castle, the seven of them squeezed into a carriage. "See, this is cozy," Lily said happily, looking out the window. "Term starts tomorrow. Do we have Potions?" "No," Lydia muttered, thankful. She didn't want to face Severus in this state of mind. Maybe later, but she wanted time clear her head. "But I do have Arithmancy." "Excellent," Sirius muttered, smiling at her. Lydia blushed again, looking down at her knees. Part of her wanted to tell him, to make something out of the kisses and to build from there, because he was such a comfort to her, and he adored her. Wasn't that what she wanted, after all? But she needed to settle things with Remus, she needed to understand, to know…. And then there was Severus. He made such good points, but she didn't know how true they all were. How could she know whether or not Sirius could protect her, whether or not he put her in more danger? There was still so much to think over, but as Lydia sat up in bed that night, unable to sleep for fear of nightmares, she had no sense that she was any closer to knowing what to do. Instead of trying to figure it out, she pulled out her work on the corollary theorem she wanted to be able to show her professor in Arithmancy the following day, and began to go over it again. "That's not right," she was muttering to herself as she fell asleep over her work. The following morning at breakfast, Lydia anxiously finished her adjustments to the corollary while Sirius watched her. She was shoveling porridge into her mouth at an alarming rate, especially so as she didn't like porridge. "Are you okay?" he asked nervously. "We didn't have an assignment, did we?" "Do you ever do them anyway?" she laughed. "No, this is something I've been working on…. Damn. I can't seem to figure out how to…. Wait." She frowned at the page again, turned it to the side slightly and then saw what she'd been missing, scribbling away eagerly. Sirius just laughed. "I'm sure it will all work out, Lydia. Whatever it is." She'd only just finished her changes when they went to Arithmancy, and she sat quietly beside Sirius, not arguing with his decision to sit by her, patiently waiting for class to start. Their professor quirked his eyebrow at the parchment Lydia had put in front of her. "What's this?" he asked, gesturing. She held it out to him, feeling giddy with excitement, and maybe even a little bit of pride. He looked through the parchment and Sirius watched Lydia watch their professor as his face grew more and more surprised. "Miss Rowe, this is…this is unprecedented. How long have you been working on this?" "Um, about seven months, sir," she said softly, feeling a blush rise up in her cheeks. He flipped through it again, smiling. "Miss Rowe, I do believe you could publish this, with some fine-tuning, of course. And then, you could do almost anything in the field of Arithmancy you want, provided you get an O on your N.E.W.T., which I think is almost a given. You could even be a professor with a discovery like this." Sirius was grinning at her and Lydia felt tears welling up in her eyes. It was overwhelming. She found it unusually difficult to focus in class, especially when she was told to stay after. Between Sirius's proud smiles and the considering look of her professor, Lydia felt her hands shaking. All she had wanted was to know if she was understanding things correctly, if her assumptions were right. She had never dreamed that this could turn into such an opportunity. "I'll wait for you outside," Sirius whispered when the bell rang, signaling the end of class. Lydia nodded absently, approaching the front of class with her papers. "Well, Miss Rowe," her professor said happily, "I must say, it's been some time since Hogwarts last had a student publish, and even longer in Arithmancy. It might have been Bridget Wenlock's grand-daughter, actually." Lydia shivered. "What should I do, sir?" she asked softly. "Work on turning this corollary into an essay," he told her kindly. "Let me know if you come across questions or pitfalls. Professor Dumbledore and I can do the rest. I can give you some articles to look at if you want help figuring out the convention." "That would be great," Lydia said nervously. "I'll get them to you by next week. Now, off you go!" As promised, Sirius stood outside the door, grinning like a fool as Lydia exited the classroom. "Well?" he asked. "Are you going to publish?" "I guess I'm going to try," she said modestly, putting her things in her bag as she stood there, partly because she didn't want to drop anything and partly because she didn't want to look at Sirius. She was still so undecided. "Hey, we should celebrate," he said happily. "Are you going to Hogsmeade on the next weekend?" That sounded far too much like being asked on a date, and Lydia blushed, focusing on her bag's strap like it was the most interesting thing in the world. "Um, I'm probably not going, actually," she said, shrugging. "I've got a lot of work to do, especially now with this essay…" "Right, of course," he said, undaunted. "We'll just have to think of an extra-special celebration for when you finish then, yeah?" "I'm sure you'll think of something," Lydia said, smiling a little. "I don't feel much like celebrating these days." She saw it there again, an opening, a way to tell him about everything, but she was terrified. She hadn't made any decisions. "Right," he said slowly. "Well, we can always celebrate Organza leaving, right? Artemis would be pleased to plan that party, I think. I'll talk to her about it. Where are you off to now?" "Free period," she said, frowning slightly. "You?" "Late for Divination," he said with a wink. "Don't give me that look. All I have to do is say that I was struck by the implications of someone's tea leaves and got distracted and I'm the star of the class for the day. Have fun in free period." "Thanks," Lydia sighed. "Don't make too much of a spectacle in Divination." "Ah, shucks, there goes my plan of using Snivelly's tea leaves," he sighed, hurrying away. Lydia looked down at the floor of the corridor thoughtfully. No, it wasn't the right time. She closed her eyes and could hear her own voice screaming, but she couldn't tell if it was Mary or…or… It was Mary, it was Sirius's voice telling her to go upstairs, but she was screaming too loudly to listen. She opened her eyes again, feeling tears in them. Those two could say all they wanted about each other, but they were more alike than they would ever realize. Lydia wiped her eyes quickly and hurried away to the Gryffindor common room to work, not feeling safe anymore walking through the castle alone. Sure, it was the middle of the day, but lots of things could happen in the middle of the day, and people were in classes, minding their own business. Plenty could happen in the middle of the day, and there were plenty of ways to ensure that no one heard her scream. Severus could say what he wanted about protecting her, but she wasn't sure she could trust in that anymore, wasn't sure she could trust in anything.
Much of Lydia's time was spent in the library anymore, with her work on the essay. Madam Pince seemed especially fond of her anymore, perhaps had been told by Professor Dumbledore of her project. All of this time alone in stacks of books and parchment, however, was equally good for thinking about things only vaguely related to Arithmancy. Lydia decided, after much deliberation, that she would make a very, exceptionally straightforward attempt at Remus, and if that failed, she and Sirius were finally going to have the talk she was both dreading and eagerly hoping for. She couldn't explain it, but the pull of someone other than Severus knowing felt more and more comforting the more she considered it. She watched Remus sit down in the common room, and she sat across from him, her Potions notes on her lap. "Strange, seeing you doing something other than Arithmancy these days," Remus said with a soft smile. Her heart pounded. This was it. This had to be it. He was finally going to want to get together. All of her dreams were coming true. "Yeah, but I do have classes still," she said with a nervously laugh, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "So, what's James doing this year to woo Lily?" Remus shrugged, frowning slightly at the attempt at a subtle mention of Valentine's Day, which was just a week away. Lydia could feel her stomach dropping. She didn't want him to look at her like that. She wanted him to smile again. "I expect it'll be something subtle, yeah?" she said with an uneasy laugh, trying to copy Artemis's way of speaking when she was excited in the hopes that it would excited Lydia again and erase the panic. "If he does anything at all," Remus said slowly, looking back down at his own work. "I think she's warming to him with his quiet approach, and he might do better if he doesn't even act like Valentine's Day matters. That's how I'll advise him, anyway. We'll see if he listens." Lydia bit her lip, watching Remus as he looked away from her, wondering if he was purposefully avoiding her gaze or if he just had a lot of work to do. "Right," she finally said. "Has he been…has he been listening this year? He seems to behave better lately." "Part of it's…" "Mary," Lydia finished for him. Remus nodded. "Things changed a lot that night," he whispered. "Lots of things." Lydia looked at him pleadingly, shaking her head. "Maybe…maybe they didn't all change for the better," she said slowly. "Maybe some of them don't have to change." Remus gave her a sad smile. "Lydia, you know what I am." "I don't care," she insisted. "I've told you a hundred times that I don't care. This can't possibly be about that. You're…you're being ridiculous!" He shook his head, looking out of the window to the grounds, were what was likely the last snow of the year was falling. "Lydia, I think things have gotten out of hand between us, wouldn't you say?" She shook her head. "You…you…" He looked at her and the heat in his amber eyes told her that he was thinking of the kiss he'd given her as well. "That was a mistake," he said softly. "A moment of weakness. It should never have happened. Don't you see, Lydia, that he can love you so much more than I ever possibly could? He's what you need." "Who's to say what I need but me?" she whispered, trying to fight the tears forming at the corner of her eyes, but it was no use. He shook his head, closing his book and giving her a pained look. "Lydia, if this were a decision that only affected you I'd gladly let you make it without my interference, but that's not the case. If I did something to you, I'd never forgive myself, even if it was just watching you be miserable at the situation you were in. Sirius can make you happy. Please let him." She shook her head, hastily wiping her eyes and turning to look at the snow. It wasn't fair. Remus loved her. She knew he did. Mary had been right, though. If after everything he still couldn't take what he wanted, maybe he wouldn't be able to take care of Lydia. Severus's admonishments about Sirius had set her to thinking quite a lot about her safety, that and Mary's death, and while she couldn't say for certain that Sirius would be able to keep her safe, she didn't feel particularly confident in that moment that Remus would. Perhaps that was what he was trying to tell her. He loved her, but…. He wanted her, but…. She glanced over at him to find that he'd opened his book again. His eyes were trained on his schoolwork as if she weren't sitting there, watching him, but he knew she was. She knew Remus well enough to know by the very perk of his ears that he was focusing on her, waiting for her reaction, rather than reading his textbook. Lydia's stomach tied in all sorts of knots and she glanced around the common room. What day was it? What time? Where would everyone be at this hour? Most everyone she knew had free period at the moment, and she nibbled her lip again, gathering her courage once more, although she'd been shattered at Remus's refusal. She took a deep breath, put her Potions notes in her bag, and stood. She saw Remus grip the edges of his book, obviously waiting for what she was going to do, what she might say. Perhaps he wanted her to say that she wasn't giving up. And in a way, she wasn't entirely giving up. But she would so no such thing out loud, and she went upstairs to where she was fairly certain to find Sirius. He was there, sitting on his bed, staring at the ceiling, maybe lost in some daydream about her. It wasn't out of the question entirely, but the sketches she saw scattered on the foot of his bed, probably from class earlier that week. "Sirius?" she said softly, moving closer to him. He jumped, sitting up straight and frowning at her. "I…I wanted to tell you something, if that's all right. I mean…if it's not a good time to talk…" "No," he said, quickly clearing his bed as she sat down beside him. "No, it's a perfect time to talk. What…what did you want to say?" Lydia took a deep breath and looked down at her hands, already feeling tears well up in her eyes. "I wanted to tell you what…what's going on with my parents. It's…it's kind of a long story, but I…I need to talk about it." "I'm all ears," Sirius said earnestly, putting his arm around her shoulders. She took another deep breath and said, "Summer after fourth year, it was bad. My parents had been fighting a lot for years, since I got my Hogwarts letter. I think they fought before, but they never let me see. He'd started hitting her and cursing her when I was away at school fourth year, I guess. She was starting to stand up for herself, but she was a Muggle." "Was?" he said softly, and Lydia looked up into his eyes wide with horror. "Severus was over," she choked out. "No, let me talk. He lives across the street, and he was trying to avoid his father. He'd climbed the tree out back and snuck in by the guest room three down from mine. We were…we were playing cards, just talking. And then I heard a gunshot and…and…" She paused. "You know what a gun is, right?" "I've seen the films," he said with a nod. "Right, well, I didn't even know we had one in the house, and I was just stunned. I sat there for a moment and Severus told me to stay put. He…he started to go downstairs, and I followed him. I saw my mother's body at the bottom of the stairs, but I didn't see any blood. I started screaming, but Severus turned and ordered me to go back upstairs." She sniffed. "I didn't. But I wish I had, because when we got to the bottom my father was maybe ten paces away from my mother, also on the ground, wand in his hand." "What?" Sirius breathed, confused. "I didn't understand at first either," she admitted. "When I'd calmed again and Severus and I were trying to decide what to do with the bodies I realized that my mother, in some fit of desperation, shot my father. As he was dying, he killed her, Killing Curse. At least…at least it was painless, but I think it's only because he wanted to make sure she died." Lydia was shaking and sobbing and Sirius pulled her close, letting her grab his shirt in her fists as she cried. "Oh, Lydia," he sighed. "Oh, that's…." "I've been living alone in that house ever since," she said softly into his shoulder. "And when I close my eyes…. For years, when I closed my eyes, almost every time I saw them, their bodies, their eyes, the blood…. Now I see Mary sometimes too." He held her more tightly, kissing her forehead. "Lydia," he whispered, "why haven't you told anyone?" "Severus and I agreed to keep it a secret," she said, looking up at him. "The sorts of things we've seen, Sirius, you wouldn't even believe. It's our code, silence. But I needed…needed…." "Shh," Sirius soothed. "Shh, it's all over now, Lydia. I'm glad you told me. Trust me; I know how good it feels to get something like this off your chest." He smiled at her. "Do you feel better?" She did, admittedly, feel better. She sighed, resting her head on his shoulder for a long while. "I think I do," she said, and she smiled up at him. The way he looked at her in that moment was beautiful. He carefully wiped a tear from her cheek, sucked in a breath, and then leaned down, carefully pressing his lips to hers. She did not close her eyes. For the first time, she didn't want him to be Remus. She wanted Sirius, the person who had just been such a comfort as she finally said the truth of her situation. It wasn't the whole truth. It wasn't mention of the fact that her father just neglected to feed her for a few years when she was a child because their mother was in the hospital regularly and he was too out of sorts to remember that he had a young child to care for. She'd scrounged enough to stay alive, but she was no strange to being forgotten, neglected, in the strange battles and struggles of her parents. Sirius seemed to forget the emotional weight of their conversation after a few shared kisses, because he began to kiss her with more force, his hand tracing from her cheek down to her breast. His hand was on her breast. Well, it was over the fabric, anyway, although as Lydia had never been touched this way it didn't make a difference to her at the moment. He moaned into her mouth, squeezing her breast lightly through her clothes and she was shocked as a jolt of heat shot straight to her core. Was that normal? Was that supposed to happen? She sighed as he continued to knead her breast, letting him pause for a moment to slip his hand underneath her blouse, underneath her bra, touching her flesh directly. It felt remarkably good, and Lydia would have been perfectly content to go on as she was, but she realized that James had called an emergency Quidditch practice and she was already running late. She tried to pull away from the kiss, but Sirius was making it difficult for her. When she finally managed to get free, he opened his mouth to protest, but she placed a finger on his lips. "Quidditch," was all she needed to say, and he let her go. Lydia changed quickly and rushed down to the pitch, gloves on, broom in hand, and she arrived just as James was clearing his throat to start his speech. "Excellent, Rowe," he barked. "Have a seat. We've got some very important ground to cover." Lydia nodded, glad that she'd had to run, knowing that the flush she still felt on her cheeks would be easily explained away from the running. No one would know about her snogging with Sirius. "As you all know, we lost a great person a couple of months ago," James said softly. "And a very great Quidditch player. Mary MacDonald is an irreplaceable member of this team. However, as Gryffindor's match with Slytherin is rapidly approaching, we're going to have to replace her and soon. Does anyone have any immediate ideas for my consideration?" "We could play short a Chaser," someone said. Lydia was only half listening. "Lydia could play Keeper, and…" James's expression very clearly stated that this wasn't an option, but he expounded on it anyway. "We need Lydia in the formation," he said firmly. "Yes, we could probably win that way easily, but I don't feel like this is the right time to put that sort of pressure on Lydia, changing positions like that." Lydia blinked, stunned at his thoughtfulness. Sure, it was in the context of winning Quidditch, but his concern was for her ability to take over Mary's position after Mary's death. If he didn't have the look of a drill sergeant it would have almost been sweet. "We could find a quick and easy replacement," Lydia said softly. "Not someone on the team, but someone we know who can fly and block reasonably well." "Excellent idea," James said happily, although Lydia thought it had been a rather obvious one. "Does anyone have anyone they've played a pickup game with who seems particularly decent? Gryffindor, obviously." They sat in silence for a long while, quiet. "Oh, come on," James sighed. "It's only one match, you guys. Who have we got?" "Well, I suppose there's Artemis," Lydia said softly. "I'm not sure you could get her to do it, but she's the only person I can think of." James chewed on this for a long while and finally he said, "Yes, I think…I think we should ask her together after practice, Rowe. Good job." While they were tossing the Quaffle and practicing formations, Lydia got a shock. "I need Valentine's Day ideas, Rowe," James said happily. "Because Lily and I are officially together now, and I don't know what one does for these sorts of things. I would ask Sirius, but as none of his relationships were even real relationships…." Lydia almost hit him in the face with the Quaffle on accident. "Sorry," she said. "When did this happen?" "Oh, New Year's," he said happily. "She's only just given me permission to talk about it, and you're the first to know! Congratulations." Lydia almost rolled her eyes, but managed to stop herself. She did tell him that she thought Lily might have wanted to tell her own friends, not to have him tell them for her, but he just shrugged, tossing the Quaffle back. "Why don't you just act surprised, then?" he said. "I mean, it can't be that hard. I'm sure the shock is still fresh and will be when she tells you." Lydia supposed he was right about that, but it didn't make things any better. "Okay, so you want my advice on your wooing of your new girlfriend?" she asked. "You do realize I've never had a boyfriend, or even a date, really. How am I supposed to help?" "You're one of Lily's best friends," he said, as if it were obvious. "You know what she likes, what she doesn't. Like, for example, what are her favorite flowers?" "Lilies," Lydia said automatically, and James quirked an eyebrow. "Really?" he said, "It's that obvious? She told me she didn't like them!" "That was when you were giving her a flower a day," Lydia laughed. "If someone brought me a poppy a day, I'd probably start to not want them as well!" His face assumed a sly grin and Lydia realized that this question hadn't been about him and Lily at all, although she could tell he was telling the truth about them being together. No, this was about him trying to help Sirius woo her, and if Sirius started giving her poppies, she was going to be confronted with choices once more. She groaned, not even feeling relief when James blew his whistle and told them to hit the showers. She spent her shower thinking of Sirius's hand on her breast. Lydia frowned to herself, pressing her hand to her breast and squeezing thoughtfully. Nothing. She wondered if it would feel that good from just anyone other than herself, or…. Lydia had a lot of research to do, clearly, and the sort in books and magazines, not with other human beings. She didn't want to be caught in a situation with Sirius or anyone else for that matter and be wondering what was normal and what wasn't. She wanted to know everything, to understand what was going on with her body. Especially when she didn't seem to understand what was going on with much else. Lydia turned off the shower, sighed, and dried off her hair. She closed her eyes, expecting to see her mother's dead eyes once more, but instead she saw Sirius's eyes, full of sympathy at her pain, full of understanding. Severus could understand because he was there, because he knew suffering like hers. But Sirius knew suffering too, and maybe he wasn't there for her parents murdering each other, but he'd been there with Mary, and that had been harder in a way. Lydia had loved Mary like a sister. She would need to do an awful lot of thinking to go with her reading.
"I can't believe what you're saying," Severus said coldly. Lydia shook her head. She would not be bullied, not by Severus. "Well, that's your fault, then," she said, looking out the window onto the grounds. "Because it's all true. I did tell him. I told him everything." Severus frowned at her, moving beside her at the window, watching her face carefully. She didn't look at him, half-afraid he would find some flaw in her confidence. "I never thought you could be so foolish," he hissed. "Lydia, you've overcome too much to just throw your life away like this." Her eyebrows shot up her forehead, but she did not face him. "I have done nothing to throw my life away, Sev," she said softly. "I've simply told a friend about a very difficult time in my life. Would you be upset if it were Lily I had told?" "Lily isn't constantly trying to get into your knickers!" Severus hissed. "Lily isn't going to take you away from me!" Lydia did face him this time, eyes wide, taking a step back. "Is that what this is about?" she whispered. He did not answer, simply staring out the window. It wasn't a fair assessment on his part. For one thing, ever since he and Lily had broken their friendship, they'd both been trying to pull her in different directions, Lily a bit more subtly. For another, Lydia had already proven that she wasn't that fickle. "Severus, can we sit and talk?" she asked. "I mean, actually talk." He shrugged, sitting down on the nearest desk. Lydia sat next to him on the same desk. "I know you think me weak for admitting it," he said softly, "but I don't want to lose you, especially not to…Black." "You'll never lose me, Sev," Lydia said. "I would have thought that our current friendship makes that pretty obvious." He snorted, looking up at her. His black eyes were swirling. "Lydia, we never talk to each other. You choose them over me every time you need to make a choice. You just told him our secret. And you don't listen when I warn you…." Lydia turned away, not liking where this was headed. He took her hand, which was something he hadn't done since they were quite young. She did look at him then, into his desperate black eyes, and she wished she could look away, but she was actually afraid. "Lydia, I have seen things," he whispered. "I have done things…. Sirius Black is already a target, and when he turns to fight in the war, he will be even more of one. Dumbledore's side, they don't commit the…the atrocious things the Dark Lord's side does." "The atrocious things you'll be asked to do," Lydia whispered, feeling tears well up in her eyes. She'd seen this coming for years. For Merlin's sake, he told her every year of how he was going to murder his father. She knew he was headed in this direction, that he was capable of terrible things. "Lydia, I chose my path a long time ago," he said softly. "That's not the point. The point is, you don't have politics. You don't want to fight. At least join the Dark Lord, if only to keep yourself from being killed by his followers. Bellatrix Lestrange…. She would do anything to hurt Sirius, and if you were known to be important to him…. She plays with her food before she eats it, Lydia. I've seen what she can do." He actually shivered. "Lydia, please don't put yourself in that kind of danger. I'm going to worry about you enough as it is." She shook her head, taking her hand out of his. "Severus, can you honestly tell me your Dark Lord doesn't play with his food?" she whispered. "Can you tell me he doesn't decide to kill or torture those who follow him? Someone who has no qualms about doing atrocious things to his enemies isn't far from doing atrocious things to his underlings." His eyes flashed. She'd hit the mark exactly. She shook her head, standing and backing away. "I'm not going to join you in your spiral into hell, Severus," she said. "I'm not letting you drag me down. I will stay your friend and I won't ask you to change your decisions, but that's because I have no right to ask you to change them. Like you have no right to ask me to change mine. If I die in this war, Severus, I want to die telling the truth, not lying through my teeth. I can't lie to him, Severus. I can't. I can't even lie to you." His nostrils flared. He stood, stalked toward her, and she took a step back, concerned he was going to hit her. But Severus would never hit her. It was the act of cringing away as he approached that reminded him of this. Perhaps he saw his mother cringing before his father, perhaps he saw her mother lying dead on the ground at the food of the stairs. Whatever it was, a shadow of self-disgust flashed in his eyes and Lydia realized that he had wanted to hit her. She shivered. "Things will not be allowed to continue like this," he said softly. "The older we get, the less we have together. What happens when we leave Hogwarts?" She knew what would happen. He would kill his father. She would find somewhere to live, but not with him like they'd planned for years. "We're growing up, Sev," she said, tears in her eyes as she realized that she didn't like what he was growing into. He shook his head, biting his cheek. After a long moment he said, "No, we're growing apart. You'll go run off with Black and I'll never see you again, that's what will happen." "Only if you let it," she whispered. "I can't say what will happen with Sirius, but the only way I'll not see you again is if you insist on making me choose all the time." He shook his head and stalked off, but Lydia got the sense that he'd had more to say, some last thing that would have stung her to the core. She was glad he'd decided not to say it. He was the only person who ever made promises not to hurt her, but he knew how to hurt her like no one else. Lydia sighed, heading back to Gryffindor Tower, walking straight through the common room past the Marauders, up to her dormitory where she'd been hoping to get some sleep to ease her mind. What she found, though was a vomiting Artemis. "Are you okay?" she asked, gasping at the violence of her friend, who was just vomiting all over the floor. Artemis made to answer her, but then was overcome by another bout of retching. The smell was awful. There was vomit everywhere. All thoughts of Severus and his issues was quickly thrown from her mind as she said, "I'm going to find Lily." She rushed down the stairs and luckily found Lily sitting by the fireplace, reading a book in such a peaceful contrast to Artemis's situation upstairs. "Lydia, what's wrong?" she asked, marking her book when she was approached in a tizzy. "It's Artemis, she's ill," Lydia muttered, well aware that the Marauders were paying them especially close attention. "I mean, really ill. Sicking up everywhere." "Right," Lily said. "You take one of the boys, get Professor McGonagall. I was worried something like this would happen when you went off to meet Severus after dinner." Lydia raised her eyebrows. "What are you talking about?" she asked. "Oh, don't be daft," Lily hissed, glancing at the Marauders, who were still watching them. "Every time the two of you meet, something happens to someone else. He's keeping them from targeting you against his wishes." Lydia shook her head, realizing what this meant. Severus knew that this was going to happen, maybe not Artemis, but whatever had been done to her, he knew it was happening, if not having a hand in it himself. "I'll go get McGonagall," Lydia said softly, "if you tell me what I'm supposed to say to her." "Tell her Artemis is violently ill and that I suspect her food had been tampered with," Lily said with a sniff. "Take James or Remus. They'll carry more weight." Lydia nodded, hurrying across the room as Lily rushed upstairs. "I need you to go with me to see McGonagall, James," Lydia said softly, not wanting other students to overhear. "Why, what's wrong?" James asked, getting up as he did so. "Artemis is ill," Lydia said slowly. "Very ill. Lily suspects foul play." Sirius hands balled into fists and Lydia shivered, thinking again of how much he and Severus were alike. "Okay, let's go, then," James said, his eyes darkening with every moment. They left the common room and James led the way, wand out. Lydia took hers out too, just in case. "So do you agree?" James asked. "What?" "Do you think something was foul play?" Lydia sighed, trying to keep up with his quick pace. "I honestly don't know," Lydia said. "And I'm not sure I want to know. I just hope that she's okay. That's all I want, for her to be okay." James nodded and they hurried through the corridors, which looked so strange at night. He knocked on Professor McGonagall's office, and Lydia frowned, wondering how he could be sure this was where she would be. But then, he was a Marauder, and sure enough, Professor McGonagall answered the door. "Mr. Potter?" she said, frowning. "Miss Rowe? What is it?" "Professor, Artemis is ill," James said slowly. "She's actually violently ill," Lydia qualified. "We're not able to move her. And Lily…Lily suspects that her food might have been tampered with." Professor McGonagall's eyes went wide and she nodded. She quickly wrote a note and handed it to James. "Take this to Madam Pomfrey, Mr. Potter. Miss Rowe, come with me." Lydia followed her professor back to Gryffindor Tower and led her up to the girls' dormitory where Lily was tending to a still-vomiting Artemis. "How is she?" Professor McGonagall asked as Lydia sat on the ground that Lily had cleaned. Artemis was now sicking into a conjured bowl. "Not well, Professor," Lily said softly, brushing a bit of hair out of Artemis's face. "I don't know what she had, so I can't know for certain what to do, but I want to give her a bezoar." "I asked Madam Pomfrey to bring one when she arrives," Professor McGonagall said with a sharp nod. "Miss Rutgers, you will be right as rain soon, I'm sure." Lydia couldn't understand how everyone else could be so certain so what was wrong. But when Madam Pomfrey arrived a few minutes and they forced a bezoar into Artemis, she cleared up very quickly. "We'll need to get her to the hospital wing," Madam Pomfrey said stiffly. "I need to ensure that she doesn't take a turn for the worse." "Of course," Lily said. "I can have James carry her if you'd like." Lydia could have rolled her eyes at this use of Lily's boyfriend if not for the very serious state her friend was in. "Yes, I think that would be good," Madam Pomfrey said, and she and Lily helped Artemis, who looked close to passing out, down to the common room. Professor McGonagall followed them out and Lydia sat on the edge of her bed hugging her knees. So Artemis had been poisoned. Intentionally? Probably. Had Severus known about it? Had he known that she was the target? She shivered, rolling over onto her side and pulling the curtains around her so that Lily wouldn't disturb her when she came back in a few minutes. The fact of the matter was that Lily had known and all Lydia had to say was that Artemis was sick. This was the world they were in now. Lydia hugged a pillow to her chest, thinking over the things she had been told about the future by Severus, Mary, Remus…. Remus. It wasn't that his refusal had truly pushed her away. She still loved him, and loved him dearly. But she couldn't see him accepting her in his current state of mind, and she wanted so badly for him to accept her. Perhaps in time he would see how he couldn't live without her, perhaps the war would change his mind. Even with Mary's death, it was still a distant sort of thing. They hadn't actually seen war yet, hadn't fought, hadn't seen someone in the act of dying. She had seen someone die. It could strangely reorder perspectives. She hadn't even told Severus, but in her father's dying moments she pitied him, loved him more than she ever had when he was alive and well, even in the tender moments in her youth. It was why she hoped that Severus never killed his father, that something happened to Tobias Snape before Severus could get there. If he couldn't feel that, she didn't want to think about his soul. Death had a way of reordering priorities, and perhaps, seeing death, Remus would change his mind. But then there was Sirius. Perhaps, as Severus said, he could not take care of her. Perhaps Bellatrix would think her an easy sport, a way to get at Sirius. Lydia didn't exactly think that untrue. She'd seen the way Bellatrix had looked at her at New Year's. But Sirius tried. Sirius didn't keep her in a case and use her when he wanted her, like Severus. He didn't pull her in and push her away when he couldn't decide how he felt about himself, like Remus. He wanted her. It was that simple. Lydia was afraid of Bellatrix, but she would be a target whether with Remus or Sirius. Both would be joining the Order. Neither would be safe, and she hated to admit it, but she wasn't entirely certain that Remus wasn't right about not being able to keep her safe from himself. Either way, she would be in constant danger. But what she had told Severus was, she thought, true. You-Know-Who was capable of killing followers just as easily as enemies, perhaps more capable, as they were close at hand and would not fight back. One wrong step… Lydia shivered. Had Severus already hurt someone? Had he killed someone? Had he tried? He had been her best friend for six, seven years, but sitting awake on her bed that night she began to wonder if she knew him at all anymore. Her mind wandered back to their fight, to the look on his face before he had left. Growing up…. Yes, they were growing up, and growing up too fast. They'd already been growing up too fast, living the way they did, but now with the rest of the world having to grow up fast with them, it felt like a sickening pace. There was no chance of slowing down and finding herself when school was over. They would be hurtled out into the real world like everyone else. And Severus… She knew what he had been about to say before he had left. That was the way with them, so attuned. Sometimes they would spend hours together without a word. All he had to do was look at her and she knew what he was thinking, and she knew it was the same for him because of her inability to lie to him. Growing up, yes, but also growing apart. Lydia thought of Artemis's face, how pale it was, how clammy. They didn't always kill in obvious ways, apparently. Her body had vigorously been trying to get rid of the toxins, and actually doing a fair job with keeping her alive. Lydia didn't know what the poison was, of course, but either it didn't kill very quickly or Artemis's body was quite a match for it. Would Lydia have fared as well? And what did it mean that Severus had to actually physically absent her from the realm of pranking? Didn't that negate his view of being her protector? If the other Death-Eaters-to-be weren't marking him enough to be trusted not to poison her…. Lydia shivered again, and her mind moved back to Sirius. At least he'd never lied to her, or hidden things from her, thinking he was protecting her by doing so. He'd been honest with her, when he felt he could talk to her. She fell back onto her pillows and closed her eyes, thinking of the way he had kissed her, the way he had touched her. She had felt fully and truly wanted in that moment, desired…. It was an intoxicating feeling, being wanted. Her hand traced a path down her neck, down to her blouse. She unbuttoned it slowly, wondering if maybe this time she would feel something. Her hand dipped under her blouse, under her bra, and she cupped her breast. Nothing. She frowned to herself. She squeezed it. Nothing. She would have growled in frustration, but Lily was probably in the room again and she didn't want question she didn't know how to answer. Lydia had done reading, she knew it wasn't uncommon for things that were arousing with someone else to do nothing or next-to nothing when done by her own hand. That was normal. But she didn't want it to be normal. Yes, she wanted to be wanted, but she didn't want to feel like she needed someone to make her feel things. She wanted to feel them on her own. She wanted to have control over her own feelings, not to be at the mercy of someone else. Lydia sighed, turning over and pulling the covers over herself, not bothering to change her clothes. Remus wanted her, but didn't want her. Severus wanted her, but for some reasons she didn't feel had to do with her and more to do with Lily. Sirius just wanted her, her. Maybe her decisions were simpler than they'd looked before.
Sirius and Lydia weren't technically going out. He had asked her no questions pointing to such an arrangement, and she asked for none. Instead, they snogged when no one was looking, in all sorts of various corners of the school, and Lydia was finding herself more and more attached to him as things went on. "Sirius, if I'm not at the Quidditch match James will kill me," she whispered, but the way he kissed her neck was utterly distracting, and she didn't really want to go. "You're not even playing," Sirius muttered, looking at her with burning eyes. "Let me deal with James. Just kiss me." Lydia did as asked, pressing her lips to Sirius's, feeling his urgency, his desire. She loved this sensation of feeling wanted so much that she decided it was time to give him some…encouragement. Lydia's hands shook as she pulled away from the kiss enough to move to the middle of his bed, watching his eyes shine as he followed her, his hand on her knee before trailing it up her thigh to the hem of her skirt. "Do you want…?" She bit her lip. "I…I've never…" "But do you want to?" Sirius whispered. "That's the only question that matters, Lydia. What do you want?" That was all she needed to hear to know that this was the right time, the right place, the right boy. He was the only person asking her what she wanted anymore. Lydia wrapped her arms around his neck feeling him smile against her lips as she urgently kissed him. This was it. Sirius fingers traced up her thigh, under her skirt, and she was amazed at how such a simple motion could put her whole body on fire. She fell back onto his pillows as he broke the kiss, pulling off his t-shirt, looking down at her with hunger. Lydia closed her eyes as he undid her blouse, feeling his fingers on her flesh, not bothering to imagine anything, just taking him in. "It might hurt a bit," he said softly as he undressed her. "Let me know if you want me to stop. Okay?" Lydia murmured her acknowledgement and felt his lips between her breasts as he lifted her, unclasping her bra. She shrugged it off, desperate to feel more of him. Her eyes opened again as he kissed her breasts, taking one in his mouth. This was even better than his fingers. Her own fingers were curling up in his hair as he shimmied out of his boxers, adjusting his body for better access to her. "Sirius," she sighed, realizing that she was getting wet. He smiled as he pulled away from her breasts, gently parting her legs and moving in between them. "You," he whispered, "are so beautiful." She looked up at him, worry in her eyes. She was not beautiful. She had marks and signs of malnutrition. She was not Lily or Artemis, who were truly beautiful specimens of the female body. She was something short of it. "Sirius," she said, nervously, but he pressed a finger to her lips. "I know what you're going to say," he whispered. "You're worried about this." He ran his fingers across the very marks that made her hate being naked in front of anyone. "Have a look at my back, love." Sirius turned around and Lydia saw multiple scars, some obvious curse marks. A few were very much like the ones Remus had… "When Remus has the full moon we go in animal form," Sirius whispered. "We keep him company. At first, when he was getting used to us, asserting his dominance, especially with me, he hurt me. It wasn't a bite, but the scratches…. Well, you can see that they leave a scar." She reached up and touched one of the curse scars on his shoulder. "Ah, that," he muttered darkly. "Those, as you probably could have guessed, are from my darling mother. There's one closer to my spine from my cousin." Lydia looked at it. She didn't have to ask which cousin. It was Bellatrix. It had to be Bellatrix. Sirius turned to look at her again, eyes sincere and loving. "You see? We both have marks. But you're still beautiful, Lydia, just like I'd like to think I'm still dashingly handsome." She laughed. "Thank you," she whispered, although she wasn't entirely certain she believed him. His scars were disturbing, but she had to agree that from the front he was still very handsome. He smiled at her, kissing her nose. But the sweet moment soon turned into a passionate one again as his hands traced the curves of her body, his lips tracing the same spaces in their own pattern. She gasped when she felt his fingers between her legs, but it felt so good that she hardly cared… He was right. When he first entered her it hurt. She gasped, digging her nails into his shoulder, tears filling her eyes as he muttered apologies into her ear. He told her to relax, and she tried to do so. "I'm going to move, okay?" he whispered. "Just relax. It's going to be uncomfortable, but I promise it gets better with time and practice, okay?" Lydia nodded, blinking the tears out of her eyes. She trusted Sirius, even though she did not feel anything other than a dull discomfort by the time he finished. He pressed kisses to her sweaty skin, grabbing his wand. "I take it you're not on any contraceptives?" he sighed. Lydia swallowed, shaking her head. "It's all right," he said with a smile. He pointed his wand at her abdomen and muttered something before tossing it aside and wrapping his arms around her and kissing her neck. "That was incredible," he sighed. "It was something," she said, not ready to use such lofty words with something that hadn't exactly felt fantastic for her. He smiled. "Don't worry, Lydia. It'll be better next time." She felt his lips kissing down her torso and she wondered when next time would be. Before it could turn into next time right then and there, the door flung open and James cried, "Padfoot, we won the – what the fuck?" James stared at them as Sirius cried out, "Merlin, James, turn around!" Sirius quickly scrambled off Lydia and covered her up with the blankets, but she turned away, ashamed. It was too late. Remus had been right behind James, the joyful look on his face at Gryffindor winning the Quidditch Cup falling instantly when he saw Sirius kissing her naked body. She closed her eyes, wishing she could disappear. "Oh," she heard Peter say. "That explains why she wasn't at the match, James." "Obviously," Sirius snorted. "Party, I'm guessing?" "Yeah," James said hoarsely. "What-?" "We'll see you downstairs, then," Sirius said firmly, probably ushering the boys out. "We'll be there, don't worry." She knew that Sirius and James and maybe even Remus and Peter would be discussing what they'd walked in on later and Lydia could feel her stomach twist uncomfortably, but she heard the door close and she felt Sirius sit beside her on the bed again, kissing her bare shoulder. "Sorry about that," he said, and she could hear a small smile in his voice. Lydia half wanted to cry. Remus had seen her in bed with Sirius. Sirius thought the whole thing at least marginally funny. But at the same time, she found it hard to be mad at him when she thought of how beautiful his hands felt on her skin. He made her feel like she was pretty, even just a little bit. "C'mon, Lydia. Why don't you get dressed and we can go celebrate like proper Gryffindors." She raised her eyebrows, turning to look at him. "I certainly hope you're planning on dressing as well," she said levelly. He stared at her for a second, then threw back his head and gave a bark of laughter. "Oh, Lydia," he sighed. "Of course I am, love. Can't go giving those leeches any ideas, now, can I?" She knew he was referring to his fan club, and she smiled sadly, climbing out of bed and pulling on her clothes. Sirius watched her as they dressed, clearly wanting to forget about the party and just get back in bed, but Lydia needed some time around other people, some time to process what had just happened, from the sex to the look on Remus's face. When she went downstairs the party was already in full swing. She was able to blend into the crowd easily without being noticed. She found Lily and Artemis with the other Marauders, having drinks. She saw Lily holding James's hand and felt a strange sensation wash over her. "Lydia!" Artemis squealed. "There you are! Why weren't you at the game?" "Oh, erm, busy," Lydia muttered, taking a drink from Remus, who refused to meet her eyes. "Ah," Artemis said knowingly. "How is that essay coming?" Thank Merlin, an out. Sometimes Artemis was truly brilliant, even when she didn't realize. "I suspect I'll finish the edits tomorrow when I'm doing my N.E.W.T. work," Lydia said with a smile. "And Professor Dumbledore said this is likely to be the last round of editing before they can send it off." "Oh, Lydia, that's fantastic!" Lily squealed. "Who would have thought that you'd be a published scholar so quickly?" "Not me," Lydia murmured, pressing her drink to her lips quickly as Sirius joined them, taking a firewhiskey from Remus's outstretched hand. "What have I missed?" he asked, putting an arm around Lydia. Before anyone had a chance to even try to answer his question, Artemis began to squeal, and all previous thoughts of her helpfulness were eradicated. "Why didn't you tell us you were finally together?" Artemis said, pushing her drink on Lily to hug them both. "I've been sitting here trying to come up with ways to push you together and here you are, already adorable and couple-y!" Lydia blushed, but Sirius just laughed, flicking Artemis's nose and then kissing Lydia's head. "We were going to make it a surprise, nosey," he teased. But they had said no such thing. There were no agreements, and now Lydia was feeling strangely trapped. "Well, I'm certainly surprised," Lily said, staring at Lydia, who made an effort to smile as Sirius kissed her cheek. Lydia, being Lydia, said nothing. She went with the flow of the incident, noting that Remus had actually made excuses and went upstairs, and that Sirius didn't seem to notice. She declined to dance, saying that she was tired. Sirius, knowing that she indeed was tired, didn't bother her too much about it, but he did sit with her the whole day, an arm around her at all times, chattering inanely in her ear. This was why Lydia hated making decisions. Sometimes they worked out wonderfully, like deciding which pudding to eat. Sometimes, there were no wrong choices. But sometimes there were no right choices, and no matter what she did someone was getting hurt, and her along with them. She watched Remus return to the party some time later, his eyes rimmed red, and she wanted so badly to tell him that she never meant to hurt him. But on the other hand, he had hurt her. Had she maybe, just a little, wanted him to feel her pain? No, she hadn't wanted him to walk in like that, but… Sirius, who obviously hadn't seen Remus walk in, pressed his lips to her neck. A few younger girls nearby groaned with disappointment. "I need to get some rest," Lydia said, smiling at Sirius apologetically. "I've got a lot of work to do tomorrow, and…" "Of course," he said, looking a little bit put out. But he walked her to her staircase, kissed her firmly on the mouth for everyone to see, and muttered, "Sleep well, darling." Maybe it wasn't an entirely bad outcome, but it had its moments, she thought, trudging up the stairs. The following day when she settled into her spot in the library, she was still sore from the day before. Lydia pulled out her books, knowing that she'd done all she could short of having someone make her a potion for the pain. The warm shower helped on multiple levels, but it wasn't quite enough. It also wasn't enough to wash away the guilt she'd felt, seeing the look in Remus's eyes. She tried to push the distractions from her mind, but once she finished her edits she realized that she needed to think over her concerns before devoting her attentions to N.E.W.T.s. Firstly, there was the matter of Remus. Perhaps he had a right to be jealous. A little bit. After all, it couldn't be easy walking in on that sort of situation regardless of other circumstances, but when it was your best friend and a girl you probably liked…. But on the other hand, Lydia could only allow herself to feel so sorry for him because he'd basically pushed her away, pushed her into Sirius's arms, all but told her to do exactly what she'd done. Maybe he hadn't expected to see it, but he should have known it was happening. She was undecided exactly how to feel about Remus, also because her own feelings for him were muddling the whole matter. There was a mix of pity and horror and anger…. And then there was the whole matter with Sirius. What right did he have to put his arm around her in public like that, in front of everyone! What right did he have to tell Artemis that they were together! Of course, his friends obviously expected them to be together. After what they had seen, perhaps it seemed to him to be the natural progression. Perhaps it was the natural progression, but Lydia would have liked a say in it. Now she had no choice but to be his girl if she was going to keep from hurting everyone at once. Remus and Severus were already hurt by her being with Sirius, and Sirius would be hurt if she ended things, and she wasn't even sure if she wanted to end things. She just wanted clarity, control, some sense that it was her life, that they were her decisions. But they were her decisions, weren't they? She had chosen to tell Sirius her secrets. She had chosen to let him kiss her, to have sex with him. He'd given her every opportunity to say no in those regards. Was it fair of her to keep on snogging and shagging him without letting him have a normal, happy relationship? She had known he wanted her, and more than just sexually. He thought he was in love. Perhaps it was unfair of her to be upset for his being happy and wanting to share that happiness. And then there was Severus, of course. Lydia actually groaned, organizing her books as she tried to decide what to do when Severus found out that she and Sirius were officially together. It wasn't his doing, not like with Remus. He'd done everything he could think of to keep her from Sirius. He had some right to be upset with her for not listening to his advice, but of course, that hinged on whether or not he had any right to give her the advice in the first place. It was very complicated. She knew that Lily didn't approve of her friendship with Severus, but she wasn't sure that Lily would approve of her relationship with Sirius. Perhaps she did now that she was with James. But Lydia had decided in fifth year that Lily's decisions couldn't be her own. She couldn't use Lily as the measure by which she judged her own life and decisions. What, then, could Lydia use to decide whether or not she was doing the right thing? She could have talked to Mary, perhaps, but Mary was dead. She would have talked to Artemis, but Artemis was so giddy with the couples around her that she was nearly impossible to talk to. There was no talking to any of the people immediately involved, and the idea of discussing her love life with James or Peter was absurdly laughable. She was alone, then. She had no one to talk to, no one to guide her, and all she could do was try to study for her N.E.W.T.s and live her life while everyone continued to pull her into all different directions. Why was it that once she'd made a decision, a dozen more cropped up in its place? Why did nothing ever seem final, definite? Lydia tried to push her considerations out of her mind, opening her Potions text to begin studying the notes Severus had given her for the practical in consideration of the actual text. But even this brought everything back to her thoughts. Every part of her life was tied up in this decision-making fiasco she found herself in, and the more she looked at the spiky words on the parchment in front of her, the handwriting of Severus that was as familiar to her as her own, she sighed, rubbing her temples, trying to concentrate. "Right," she muttered. "Properties of leeches. Right." There was nothing particularly interesting about the properties of leeches, but she did her best anyway. She began marking her own textbook just to keep track of the massive amounts of information Severus had given her. The amount of time he must have put into copying all of this down for her was obviously nothing to sniff at, and the more she went about her N.E.W.T. preparations, the more Lydia felt that she was indebted to Severus in more ways than she'd realized, and the guilt that had been gnawing at her stomach since she had seen the defeated look in Remus's amber eyes slowly built, tearing away at her insides as she tried to push the whole affair from her mind.
Lydia stumbled forward on the stairs, trying not to let Artemis and Lily struggle too much with her blindfolded self as they led her…wherever they were leading her. They'd spun her around a few times and doubled back at least twice in order to disorient her. Nothing with her friends could ever be simple. She sighed as they stopped her, and she heard one of them – probably Artemis from the crisp, forceful sound – knock on a door. Lydia stiffened as she heard a door swinging open and she heard Sirius's bark-like laugh. She smiled to herself, forgetting for a moment that he could see her. "Hello, lovely," he said, kissing Lydia's cheek. "You know, Evans, when James told you that you could blindfold her, I don't think he was being serious." "I was," James called from in whatever room it was. "Bring her in, ladies. We're ready." Lydia felt her heart pounding as the girls pushed her forward into the room and Sirius took her hands gently, leading her forward. After about ten steps he stopped her and she heard a door close. He removed the blindfold and she saw that she was in their dormitory. There was cake, presents, and even a section in the corner where Lily could study for N.E.W.T.s through the celebration so that she didn't miss any valuable time. With a laugh, Lydia allowed Sirius to help her into the place of honor prepared for her, right in front of her presents, while Remus poured drinks for the lot of them and James began to carefully cut the cake. "There are too many presents here," she pointed out, having counted all of them. "We know," James said softly. "These are all the presents you should be getting. Lydia frowned, but after a moment she realized what he meant. They'd given her three extra because she no longer had her parents, or Mary, to give her presents. She looked at Sirius with wide eyes and he shook his head. If he didn't tell them, who did? James cleared his throat sheepishly. "Erm, I had my mum go knocking on your door in hopes of getting them to chip in pictures and stuff for the big graduation party we're going to throw at the end of the year and nobody answered. She told Lily's parents about it and they started to look into it, checking every couple of days, and they contacted Dumbledore finally and he investigated…. And Gringotts cleared it up, actually, said you'd been orphaned for years." Lydia blinked, stunned. First of all, she hadn't expected anyone to go through so much trouble for just her. But even more important, Dumbledore hadn't known that her parents were dead. "And I asked Sirius and…and he didn't give me details but he said it was a bit tragic," James said, scratching his chin thoughtfully. "Anyway, we decided to supplement." Lily was giving a Lydia that said she would want an explanation later, and although no one said anything Lydia knew they were aching for some sort of answers. "I didn't want you to worry," she said softly, looking down at the presents. "I didn't want you to think I needed things I didn't need. And I…." She trailed off, thinking of the glassy-eyed look on her mother's dead face. Lydia smiled, reaching toward the presents. "Which one first, then?" she asked, and Artemis, quickest to recover, insisted that her gift be opened right away. Lydia felt Sirius sit behind her on the floor, a leg on either side of her, arms wrapping around her waist as she took the present Artemis handed her. During the process of unwrapping her presents, Lydia began to feel that Sirius was clinging to her more and more tightly, and she saw that Remus was gripping his drink with a more and more dangerously strong grip. She felt Sirius rest his lips against her shoulder, nuzzling his forehead against her neck gently. It was a sweet gesture, but it was thoughtless. Could he really not see that Remus was uncomfortable? Could he not see that she was uncomfortable, both physically and emotionally? But Lydia knew enough about Sirius by this time to know that he was selfish. He could be sweet, loving, tender in their moments alone. When he saw her being vulnerable he knew just how to make her feel better. But he was also possessive, demanding, a bit pushy. At this point in their relationship she no longer wondered if he had purposefully backed her into a corner at the Quidditch party, putting his arm around her. She knew he had. Any time they were around Remus, Severus, or any boy who had ever even been friendly with Lydia, Sirius grew a bit more protective, and it was the worst around Remus. The cake was a good cake, but it tasted a bit like ash in Lydia's mouth. The drink was perfect as always, but Lydia wanted spit out every sip of it. She didn't regret being with Sirius. It was what she had wanted. She wanted someone who desired her, who valued her, even if it wasn't the way James valued or wanted Lily. But she couldn't help but hear Severus's words in her head, comparing Sirius with her father. She shivered as Sirius's fingers traced the curve of her shoulder while they cleaned up at the end of the party, and he kissed her jaw. "I love you," he said huskily, and she closed her eyes. She could hear the gunshots, could feel Severus holding her as she cried…. Sometimes love wasn't enough. Lydia's parents had said those things once too, although Lydia barely remembered those days anymore. Was Severus right? Would a day ever come where Sirius and Lydia resented each other so much that she would find herself turning into her mother? Cowering, desperate, defenseless, until one day…. Lydia said she had to go to the bathroom, made her excuses, splashed water on her face, and when she came back out announced that while the party had been lovely, she and Lily had a study session planned. Sirius kissed her, and she and Lily went back to their own dormitory. "First things first," Lily said, sitting down across from Lydia on her own bed as they pulled out their books and notes, "why did you tell me that your parents were dead?" The hurt in her voice was unmistakable. It had been hard, not telling Lily. They told each other quite nearly everything, and yet ever since her parents died Lydia knew they had been growing apart, too. It wasn't the same as with Severus. It wasn't choosing sides. It was a sacrifice, part of keeping Severus as a friend, which Lily would never really understand or approve of. How could she? She had parents who loved her. She hadn't needed Severus's friendship, his camaraderie in hell. "I was afraid," Lydia said honestly. "I didn't know what would happen if anyone found out and…and Severus and I agreed it was best if no one found out. I'm sorry I didn't tell you, but…" "I'm sorry you had to go through that," Lily said urgently, her pretty green eyes shining with unshed tears. "And I'm so sorry you had to go through it without me." "Don't worry about it, Lily," Lydia said softly, picking at a string on the duvet. "They weren't very good parents. Not the worst, but…" Her mind trailed to Eileen Snape, who had asked after Lydia. Had she seen Mrs. Potter trying to get into the house? Had she seen Lily's parents visiting every day? Did she know for certain? Had she told Severus? ` "But you didn't deserve it," Lily sniffed. Lydia supposed that if she heard that such a thing had happened to Lily, she would be much more upset than she was about her own situation. "Sirius is very good to you, isn't he?" Lily sighed, opening her book. "I hate admitting it, not only because it means Artemis was right, but also because I insisted for so long…. Oh, Lydia, just think, we could be godmothers to each other's children!" Lydia blinked. That conversation had shifted remarkably quickly. One minute they were lamenting Lydia's long dead parents, the next they were talking about their future children with Sirius and James and marriage and…and… "Maybe," Lydia said, flipping through her Charms notes. The girls studied in silence for about an hour. Lydia was able to fall into a comfortable routine of it. They'd spent years studying together, being friends in this way. It was something familiar, comforting, but also quiet and calm. The quiet part was usually a positive, but Lydia kept finding her mind wander to the possessive way Sirius had been holding her. Was Lily right? Was it him being good to her? Sometimes she felt like he looked at her like a prize, not a person. Maybe she could be both somehow, but if she could she didn't quite know how. Lydia was also having a hard time studying for exams, knowing that her article was about to be published. She knew it was part of the reason her friends were being so nice to her, because she was being published and it was such an exciting time. But she wished they would go on treating her as they always did. Lily finally put her quill down and looked up at Lydia with a frown. "Why did you choose Sirius?" she asked softly. Lydia shrugged. "I didn't," she admitted. "But Remus…" "Remus didn't want me," Lydia muttered, turning away. Lily raised her eyebrows. "Lydia," she said slowly, "I know he's a bit stubborn, but he does want you. I can see it in his eyes when he looks at you. He's really upset." "Then he shouldn't have told me to date Sirius," Lydia said, jaw set, looking up at her best friend. Lily gasped, shaking her head in disbelief. "He did, Lily. Multiple times. And when I begged him, he continued to push me away. I can't be with him if he refuses to let me." They sat in silence as Lily digested this information. "Oh, Lydia." "Don't," Lydia said as Lily's pale, delicate hand reached out to touch her. "Don't touch me. Please." They stayed silent for a while longer and Lily said, "I don't think this is what he meant, you know. I don't think he realized how much it would hurt both of you." It didn't matter. Why could Lily not see that it didn't matter what he meant? He pushed Lydia away, he told her to be with Sirius. He said…he said…. "No," Lydia sighed, lying back on the bed. "Even if I wanted to drop everything and try to have him again, I couldn't fix it now." She wasn't sure if there was truly no way to fix it, but Lydia didn't have the energy to try. Her real issue was trying to decide what to do about Sirius's possessive behavior, and if she felt she could deal with it or if she might perhaps have to ask him to tone it down. But then, she'd put up with Severus's possessive behavior, and even Lily's to some extent. But Lily and Severus were important to her. But so was Sirius, wasn't he? Why would she have sex with him if he wasn't? She and Lily sat in companionable silence for another long moment, but both had virtually given up entirely on studying. Suddenly, Lily closed the curtains around them and muttered a spell. Lydia raised her eyebrow. The only person who would walk into their dormitory was Artemis. What on earth was so heavy that Lily wanted to keep it from Artemis? "James told me he walked in on you two…having sex." She paused. "Was Remus there too?" "Yeah," Lydia muttered, blushing. There were really no secrets amongst Marauders, were there? "Yeah, Remus saw. And then Sirius put his arm around me at the party, and well, you know the rest." Lily's eyes grew dangerously wide. "You're kidding," she hissed. "That long ago? You had sex a month ago?" "Yes," Lydia said shifting uncomfortably. "And you didn't tell me?" "No," Lydia said, blushing. "I wasn't sure I wanted more people knowing, you know, after the Marauders finding out." Lily sighed, running her fingers through her hair frantically. "I could have asked you, then, and I didn't even know it." "What do you mean?" Lydia said, sitting up straight. Lily was blushing furiously, but she wasn't getting out of this. There was clearly a story to be told. "It's nothing," Lily lied. "Only, well…. Well, James and I have started having sex, about a week ago, actually, and I wanted to talk to you or Artemis or someone, but I didn't know who and I wasn't sure what to say and…. Well, it all just sort of happened." Lydia's jaw actually dropped. Somehow Lily's having sex with James seemed so much stranger than her own having sex with Sirius. Perhaps it was because she'd had some time to get used to the idea of sleeping with Sirius. Perhaps it was because she was still getting used to the idea of Lily and James being together. "Well," Lydia said slowly, "how was it?" "It was probably better for you," Lily said sheepishly. "I mean, James and I were both totally clueless, and at least Sirius probably knew what he was doing." "Yeah," Lydia admitted, thinking of the way he touched her. "Anyway, it was a bit awkward and it didn't last very long." Lily bit her lip thoughtfully for a while before whispering, "It sort of hurt, too." Lydia nodded knowingly. "Sirius said that's normal," she said. "But it gets better with more practice." Lily smirked slightly. "How many times have you done it?" she asked. "Oh, I dunno," Lydia said, blushing looking down at her hands. "A few. You and James?" "Just the once," Lily admitted, frowning. "You know, I always thought that I'd save it for my wedding night, that it would be something really special and beautiful." "Why didn't you?" Lily picked at her pinky nail slightly, which she really needed to trim. Finally, she sighed and said, "We got a bit caught up in the moment. It just sort of…happened. One minute we're snogging in an abandoned classroom and the next thing he's taking off his shirt and Transfiguring it into a blanket." Lily smiled to herself and hummed slightly. Then she giggled. "It was actually a rather clever bit of Transfiguration. And then…then it just sort of happened, one thing to the next, and it felt really good, having him touch me, you know?" Lydia nodded, thinking of the sensation caused by Sirius's hand on her breast that she could never seem to duplicate no matter what she tried. "Anyway," Lily sighed, "I'm a bit glad I didn't wait until marriage, or our wedding night wouldn't have been half as wonderful as I hoped." Lydia gave her a quizzical look, but Lily just continued. "I mean, if things get better every time…" "Wait," Lydia interrupted, determined to get a straight answer from her friend. "Did you basically just say that you are going to marry James?" Lily's eyes widened as she realized the implications of her own words. Finally, she swallowed and said, "Well, I suppose that's rather the point of dating, isn't it? Either you marry or you break up. And at this point, I can't see myself breaking up with him." "True," Lydia said softly, wondering if she and Sirius were ever going to think about things like marriage. Did he even want to marry? He was so alternative…. Maybe he wouldn't want to take that path? But then, did she? She'd seen what happened when people weren't careful about marrying. Her parents, Severus's parents…. Lydia suppressed a shudder and continued to contemplate. Surely Sirius and she would never end up like that, but she wasn't sure if that was enough to decide they should marry. What would she say if he asked her? Could she tell him no, especially if he was looking at her hopefully? Could she say yes, knowing that in spite of everything she still was so in love with Remus? People shouldn't have to make such decisions at seventeen. "Well, I'm very happy for you," Lydia finally said, flicking a bit of lint off her skirt. "If nothing else, James Potter adores you, and I suppose that will make for a very fine start to any sort of long-term commitment." Lily smiled. "You know, Sirius adores you, too. I was hesitant to support you two, but I've seen the way he looks at you, like you're the most precious thing he's ever seen. It's so sweet." Sirius did adore her, in his way, but it was so different from James and Lily. Perhaps they were the tainted version of James and Lily. Perhaps all of the pain and suffering they had seen, had experience, had taken the adorable, sweet, innocent love of James and Lily and turned it into something possessive and uncomfortable. The question then became was it toxic? And Lydia had no answers. She didn't know what she wanted, or if she ought to want what she had. She could not judge anything in her situation because she was afraid of both keeping and losing Sirius. Instead of telling Lily of her fears – because how could Lily possibly understand? – Lydia just smiled at her friend and said, "Maybe you're right. Now, back to work." Lydia picked up her homework and began going over every question, even the ones she had gotten right all those years ago. She noticed, however, that Lily wasn't studying. Lily was watching her carefully, frowning thoughtfully. Desperate to keep her friend from asking questions, she looked up at her, smiled, and said, "Could you help me with Charms? You've always been so good at this." And that was all it took to get Lily to focus on work once more.
N.E.W.T.s really were the end of life as it had previously been known. Lydia was nearly done, she kept telling herself. Just four tests left. Just three, just two. The last one, of course, was the Potions practical. It was a small enough class that they had all of them in one room brewing together, with several expert exam administrators pacing the room to watch their technique. Lydia's heart pounded as she tried to remember everything Severus had told her about the potions that were listed on the board. Brewing instructions were listed beside the names, but the instructions were bare-bones, and the brewing was immensely difficult. Not that she wanted to cheat, but it would have been difficult even if she'd wanted to with the screens put around every station up to the height of the cauldrons. There would be no way to see how Severus prepared his ingredients. She shivered, feeling sweat already trickling down the back of her neck. Before she began anything, she tied up her hair, took a deep breath, and made sure that the silver knife provided was as sharp as the one she'd always used with Severus. Familiarity would keep her calm. She sharpened it just a bit. Then she went about preparing all of her ingredients, organizing the order of measurements and additions, making a mental note of all of the changes she would have to make to the instructions based on the notes from Severus that she had been studying diligently. Lily was already looking slightly panicked, her red hair right in front of Lydia beginning to frizz, but Severus was exuding confidence from the station beside Lydia. Lydia took a deep breath and tried to copy his air of confidence. She added a pinch of powdered moonbeam to one of the cauldrons and placed a leech in front of that cauldron to notate which potion she was making in it, not wanting to get confused at the early stages when they all looked more or less the same. Then she began measuring horklump juice, carefully and precisely, and pouring it into the second cauldron. She placed several dried beetles in front of that cauldron. The third cauldron she marked with a measurement of powdered bicorn horn that she would be adding to it last, but there was nothing to do right away. She focused on measuring a few ingredients for the first cauldron. Once she was in a rhythm it was easier than she had expected. Between Lily and Severus she had had the best of tutors ever since her first Potions lesson, and she'd picked up more than she'd expected as Severus's occasional partner. She even remembered to slice the leeches horizontally once instead of vertically twice. Recalling the complicated stirring patterns required of her was more difficult, because this was where Severus's revision of the text tended to get less intuitive and more erratic. He was almost always right, but she could barely keep the officially accepted stirring patterns straight, much less the various changes Severus had made. But with only one small hiccup, she kept the stirring patterns fairly regular, and bottled the first potion just as the second one began to bubble, prompting the addition of the beetles. She took a deep breath, stirring the third potion carefully in the hourglass shape Severus had taught her while she turned down the heat on the newly beetle-full potion beside it. She ran her eyes along the instructions for potions two and three, making sure she knew the order for doing both together. It was going to get sticky just before finishing them, as they would likely need careful attention around the same time. Once Lydia had everything ordered, she proceeded to fulfill the final several steps of each potion, carefully and delicately balancing her attention on each of them. Finally, she bottled the second potion, eyes fixed on the third potion which could only last a few moments of not being stirred at this stage until it turned clear. Once she'd finished bottling, she turned straight to stirring and continued to do so until it turned clear. "You should be finishing," the voice of the head examiner said, and Lydia breathed a small sigh of relief as she heard the groans of her classmates. She carefully bottled the final potion and placed the three bottles on the tray provided with her name Charmed onto the handles. "When you have finished, leave the potions on the tray at your station, be sure that you've turned off the flames and vanished the remainder of potion, and you may go." Lydia followed the instructions exactly, her heart pounding giddily as she gathered her bag and made her way to the door. Severus gave her a dark look before exiting before she arrived at the door, and she wasn't sure what it was for. "Hey," Lily said, smoothing her hair as she walked. "How do you think it went?" "Fine, I guess," Lydia muttered, trying to decide what Severus could be so upset with her about. She had the urge to follow him and find out, but Sirius was waiting for her on the other side of the door, grinning as he put his arm around her and kissing her cheek. Maybe this was what the look had been for. She was surprised the two hadn't hexed each other for good measure. "How was it?" Sirius asked, pulling her along. "I like your hair like that, love. You should wear it up more often." Lydia gave him a terse smile and thanked him for the compliment before repeating her words to Lily about the exam. She should have felt relief about being done with exams, but all she felt was numbness as Sirius chattered on her ear, and that numbness carried over the next few days until graduation, the night before the final feast. Lydia found herself seated by Sirius, his arm around her so casually one might have thought it had always been there. James had already spoken, and it was Lily's turn. She looked so perfect standing there in front of their classmates, teachers, parents. She was really born to be Head Girl, Lydia was sure. Nobody in that audience could have doubted the fact that she was meant to be standing just there, giving a speech to them all. She cleared her throat. "Teachers, parents, and my fellow seventh year students," she said in a voice filled with carefully contained excitement. "As James said, we are entering a very uncertain world. None of us knows where we'll be in five or ten years, or if we'll even be alive." There was a tense silence as half the people turned to look at the spot where Mary should have sat, right beside Artemis, who looked like she was about to be sick. Lydia grasped Sirius's leg and he touched her hand comfortingly. "But whatever happens in the future," Lily continued, smiling sadly, "I think it is important that we take this moment to be proud of what an excellent class we have been, of how much we have accomplished. For one thing, we've accumulated records for most points gained and most points lost in the history of Hogwarts for any one class. We also have more detentions than any previous class." There was a peel of laughter that rang throughout the Great Hall, and Lydia gave a terse smile, glancing over at the Slytherins. Severus and the Marauders had been a large part of those detentions, from harmless pranks to actual near-death experiences. She wanted to catch Severus's eye, but he had avoided her since the Potions exam, and she didn't expect that they would have a chance to say goodbye to each other before going their separate ways. Did he think of the promises he'd made, promises of killing his father and taking both of them far away from their home? Lydia closed her eyes as Lily's speech continued, drawing the map of their neighborhood, Severus across the street, Lily's family three streets over, the park in between. It wasn't the best park, but it had been where Lily met Severus, and in turn where the three of them had spent many a happy summers' day in their early years at school. It was strange, looking at the three of them now, Lily on a podium, speaking, James Potter watching her with the adoration of a boyfriend and Severus looking at his glass studiously. And Lydia, Lydia on the arm of Sirius Black. That was perhaps the strangest bit of all, and she easily recalled a time when the last thing she wanted was to have anything to do with Sirius, although she had been about twelve at the time. That, and he'd teased her for being friends with Severus and Lily. As she stared across the Great Hall at Severus, Lydia was wondering if maybe he wasn't still doing the same sort of thing. In keeping her away from Severus, Sirius was still placing judgment on her choices. "And I believe we were the class that had some of the more spectacular Quidditch to be seen outside of the professional leagues in decades." James and Artemis began to cheer, but Lydia looked down at her glass, away from the Slytherin table. Any mention of Quidditch anymore felt like a sharp reminder of Mary, of Mary not being around, and she could feel tears welling up in her eyes. All those years of practicing with Mary, of talking about James in the showers and making fun of his crazed passion for the sport behind his back. Mary was gone, and nothing was ever going to be the same again. Lydia couldn't get over how much everything had changed since her first year at Hogwarts. If someone had told her at eleven, on that boat ride to the castle, that she would see a friend's corpse, watch her parents dying before her very eyes, and be on Sirius Black's arm while Lily and James were practically attached at the hip and Severus hadn't spoken to her in days, Lydia would never have believed them. Everything had seemed so wonderful at eleven. "We are not entering an easy world," Lily said with her voice shaking slightly. "James highlighted that beautifully. But I would also like to point out that this class is incredibly equal to the task, that there is nothing about this gathering of students that is ordinary, and that each and every one of us has the potential to do incredible things." Lydia shivered slightly at that word, potential. She knew it was directed at Severus, Lily's final plea for him to choose her side of the conflict, even though Lydia knew all too well that the final decisions were made long ago. "Cold?" Sirius whispered in her ear, snuggling closer. Lydia glanced up at Severus and saw his scowl deepen as Sirius touched his forehead to the side of her face. So he was watching. "A little," Lydia lied as Sirius wrapped her closer. She could hear a few parents, probably the Potters included, making small noises of appreciation and contentment as Sirius cuddled her publically, and even beyond the tense posture of both Severus and Remus, Professor McGonagall was shooting them with a very disapproving look. Well, Professor McGonagall only had so much say over Sirius's public behavior anymore. "So it is with a bittersweet feeling that I say that we have reached a beginning and an end," Lily said, smiling broadly at the audience. "This is the end of our time at Hogwarts, but it is only the beginning of our story. There is so much more to learn, to experience, to accomplish. And we have already begun our accomplishments. It is with great pleasure that I announce that tomorrow, Gryffindor student Lydia Rowe will have a groundbreaking piece of Arithmancy research published in a leading scholarly publication, the first of our year to accomplish great things." Lydia blushed, looking down at her hands, not wanting to be applauded. The applause was still ringing in her ears later that night when the Marauders, Lily, Artemis, and Lydia were sitting up by the fireplace. They were all on too much of an emotional high to sleep, to even think of sleep. Sirius had his arms around Lydia, and Remus was staring at the flames. "There's only one thing left to make this year truly special," James said, his own arms around Lily. "We're not going to win the House Cup, James," Artemis said ruefully. "Even with Quidditch, the Ravenclaws barely lost any points this year. We can't beat that." "That wasn't what I meant," James said with a small smile, leaning forward and pulling something out of his pocket. Lydia leaned forward as well for a better look, and Sirius loosened his hold on her. Whatever it was, he had already seen it. Artemis gasped, pressing her hand to her chest as Lily's eyes filled with tears. "Lily Evans," James said, clearing his throat slightly, "I know our love had a bit of a rocky start, what with your constant professions that you'd rather date the giant squid and such things. But I have known for a very long time that I wanted to marry you, and I've just been waiting for you to agree." Sirius laughed, and even Lily gave a watery chuckle, but Lydia could not tear her eyes from the ring in the little black box James was holding out. It was a family ring, no doubt, looking exceptionally old and traditional. "Lily Evans," he continued, unable to hide the grin on his face at Lily's already pleased reaction. "Would you do me the incredible pleasure of marrying me?" Lily, for once in her life, was lost for words. She cried and nodded and cried some more as James slid the ring proudly onto her finger and kissed her. Marriage. Well, Lily would not have to wait very long for her wedding night. Lydia could feel Sirius's breath on her neck and she certainly hoped he wasn't about to whip a ring out of his pocket, reciting some similar speech and cornering her in front of all her friends. Thankfully, he did not do that, but as she began to feel her eyes growing heavy and tired, Artemis and Lily made their excuses to go to bed. Remus followed soon after, and then Peter, and Lydia felt nerves wake her from her drowsiness when James winked at them before leaving. "Lydia?" Sirius murmured in her ear. "Are you still awake?" "Yeah," she whispered, looking up at him. His gray eyes were actually quite beautiful from so close. She'd thought it before, but it struck her nearly every time she saw him so close. If there was one thing to be said in favor of Sirius, in spite of her lingering preference for Remus, Sirius was a gorgeous specimen of the male form and features. "Pretty great, right?" he said, kissing her forehead. "Lily and James, I mean." "Yeah," Lydia said, looking down at his chest. That was so much worse than looking at his eyes. She looked up again. "I've been thinking," he said slowly. No, no, no, he wasn't allowed to ask her to marry him. She wasn't sure what to say yet, and he couldn't ask her if she didn't know what to say. What if she said the wrong thing? What if she said the right thing? "Oh?" "I've been thinking," he said in a measured voice, brushing a bit of hair out of her eyes, "that you need somewhere to stay when school's done." Lydia closed her eyes. Somewhere warmer. She hadn't realized how much she had relied on those promises Severus had made her, those hated promises, until she closed her eyes and was easily able to draw up an image in her mind of a sweet little cottage on the sea, somewhere warmer, where they could be free of the pain of their childhood. But Severus would have blood on his hands, she reminded herself, and he wasn't speaking to her. Surely he would not expect her to hold to those promises. Perhaps he wouldn't even want to live with her anymore. "I was thinking," Sirius said, his face so close that his breath warmed her jaw, "that maybe you could move in with me. I've bought a place in London, a small house, and there's plenty of room for both of us." Lydia bit her lip. She did need a place to live. Sirius wasn't proposing marriage, and that was good. He was giving her something she needed, and it wasn't as if she couldn't pay her way…. "I'm already planning to sell the house," she said, opening her eyes. "I could pay rent-" "Don't be ridiculous, Lydia," Sirius snorted. "You don't need to pay rent. We'll move your stuff as soon as we get back to London. Where do you live?" "In the north," Lydia said with a frown. The idea of not at least paying rent or groceries or something made her uneasy, but she supposed Sirius did have plenty of gold. Perhaps she could cook, or something. "How far?" "By Lily, actually." "Oh," Sirius said thoughtfully, his brow furrowing as he planned. "Perhaps we could have her send your things along, then? That way we could go straight to my place." Lydia frowned. "I need to prepare the house for sale and set that in motion," she reminded him. "I'll come to London when I've finished." Sirius sighed impatiently, but he said, "Fine, fine. But you're sleeping in London, love. I'm not having you sleeping alone, not in that house, not when you can be with me." She was torn, as she found she often was anymore, between being pleased at his thoughtfulness and concerned at his possessiveness. But there was no real argument against it, and she'd already passed her Apparition test… "All right." They sealed it with a kiss.
The Marauders, Lily, and Amy sat in a circle on Sirius's floor. "I just can't quite believe it, still," Remus said softly. "I mean, Mary was one thing, but I don't think I believed that Artemis could die." Lydia still didn't believe it, either. She was expecting someone to come in at any moment and tell her that it was a joke, that it hadn't actually happened, that Death Eaters hadn't murdered Artemis Rutgers. But it was no joke. They hadn't even gotten their N.E.W.T. results yet, they were barely out of school, and Artemis was already dead. Lydia shivered and Sirius held her more tightly. It had been an explosion. Muggles called it a gas leak. Lily and Lydia had explained what that meant to Sirius and James, who were a bit puzzled why they couldn't just say there was an explosion. "So, now what?" Sirius asked. "Do we still want to join the Order?" Lydia knew he was thinking of her, blown to bits while he was out, because of his involvement in the war. She didn't want him to consider her so heavily in his choices, but she had to admit that she couldn't see how he could avoid it at this point. "Artemis wasn't killed because she was joining the Order, Sirius," James said softly. "She was killed because they were targeting that neighborhood. Three houses completely destroyed, Sirius. She wasn't the target." Strangely, while that might have comforted Sirius, it didn't make Lydia feel any better about the situation. If Artemis had been the target, her death might have had some sort of meaning, but as the part of a senseless killing of twenty people, which was what it was…. No, there was no meaning in that, no meaning but Lydia feeling just a little bit more alone. "I suppose you're right," Sirius said slowly. "Do they have a funeral or memorial or anything?" "Both," Lily said, picking at the carpet absently. "There's a funeral this weekend, although there's no body to…" She sobbed and Lydia patted her back awkwardly. "The memorial will be sometime next week, for all the dead," James said, kissing Lily's temple. "They want Lily to speak at both." Mary should have been speaking at the funeral, but Mary was already dead. Lydia frowned at her knees. There was nothing about the world that was as it should be. She glanced up at Remus, who just stared back at her with hollow eyes. She could remember a glow in those eyes, just before he kissed her. Lydia was wondering more and more if she would ever see that glow again, if she would ever feel his lips again. Sirius's lips pressed to her neck where it transitioned to her shoulder and she looked away from Remus's stare, feeling her tears returning. She'd been crying almost constantly since the news of Artemis reached her, but these tears were not for Artemis and Lydia cried all the more for guilt. Artemis had wanted her to be with Sirius. She'd all but pushed the two of them together. Did her death mean that Lydia should reevaluate the relationship, or continue it with even more dedication as a sort of last wish of Artemis? "I feel like we should do something, too," Remus said softly. "I mean, I hate to point this out, but what with Organza leaving the continent, Lily and Lydia are the last of the girls." Lydia shivered. Lily would be the last of the girls, if it came to such a thing. Whether or not Lydia was a target, Lily was the talented one, the one who deserved to live and change the world with her greatness. It wasn't that Lydia wanted to die, exactly, it was just that she'd seen statistics on the war, and they were getting grimmer every day. If there was any justice in the world and it came down to it, Lily would be the one to live. She was the only one with enough hope and passion and talent to truly help rebuild after all of the disaster. And if Lily survived, You-Know-Who couldn't have won. There was always that, as well. The six of them had lunch on the floor. Lydia had made sandwiches, in spite of Sirius's insistence that he do lunch. She needed to do something other than sit around. The grief would consume her if she didn't do something. Likely, when the others left, she would occupy herself with cleaning the already clean house. Maybe she would do some of their laundry. "Here," Sirius said, pouring them each a shot of firewhisky. "To Artemis." "To Artemis," they all replied, downing their shots. Lydia hated firewhisky, but in a moment like this it seemed to be the only right thing for the occasion. The burn as the liquid went down her throat and into her belly was oddly comforting, and she half wanted to ask Sirius for another, but she knew she couldn't handle so much of such a strong alcohol. Her head was already getting a bit fuzzy. The friends began planning to get together after the funeral to have dinner and celebrate Artemis's life on their own. "Can we celebrate Mary, too?" Lydia said softly. "I feel like…like we didn't do enough when…." "Of course we can," James said, giving her a sympathetic smile as he touched her arm. Lily took notes. It wasn't that Lily needed to take notes, per se, but she felt more comfortable, taking notes. It was her form of personal therapy. When the others said their goodbyes once Lily was satisfied that all of the plans were in place, Lydia sat on the floor still, staring at the carpet, a bit shocked as she wiped a stray tear from her eyelashes. "Lydia?" She looked up at Sirius slowly. He was looking down at her. He'd stood to hug the others and help them with cloaks and things. Lydia saw that he was holding his hand out to her. Lydia took the hand and let him pull her to her feet. "C'mon," he said. "It's been a while since lunch. I'll make dinner." She let him lead her into the kitchen and he set about making them some pasta while she sat at the table, staring at the wood grains. "Are you okay, Lydia?" he asked. "I mean, I know it's not an easy thing, but are you…. Are you going to be all right?" "Am I?" she said, looking at the table still. "I don't really know, Sirius. You have a meeting tonight, don't you?" "Yeah, but I don't have to go if you need me here," he said, heating up a kettle of water. Lydia looked up at it. She found it strange when he tried to take care of her. She'd been more or less on her own for so long that she wasn't used to having someone do these things for her, except for Severus, and then only if she was in the midst of something truly terrifying, like dead bodies, or nightmares of them. Lydia could imagine the catastrophe that caused Artemis's death, but there was no body. There was no corpse to imagine. "You should go," Lydia said. "I'll be fine. I've seen worse than this, you know." He turned and looked at her with sad eyes, but he nodded, laying the table and putting a cup of tea and a plate of pasta in front of her. Lydia wasn't particularly hungry, but she picked and pecked at the pasta anyway, knowing that Sirius wouldn't go to the meeting if she didn't at least make a pretense of eating. "The war is bigger than I'd imagined at school," Sirius admitted, picking up his own fork. "I don't know yet what Dumbledore will have us do, but…. Lydia, I want you to feel safe." "I do feel safe," Lydia lied, Severus's words echoing in her mind. She would not feel safe until the war was over, whichever side favor landed on, but there was no point mentioning that to Sirius. "Sirius, this house is fortified. We made sure of that. I'll be fine, especially for the few hours you'll be at that meeting of yours. Don't worry about me, okay?" "I can't help but worry about you," Sirius said, kissing her hand and smiling at her sadly. "I love you." Lydia sighed. "Sirius, I can't eat if you've got my hand." "Right, sorry," he said, but he his smile grew less sad with every moment. She knew he was remembering the first time she held his hand, for she thought she might have said something similar then, but it was so long ago…. Everything about school seemed so long ago. She'd lost track of months from when she and Sirius were technically together, but she thought it might have been February, or March perhaps. What did it matter, anyway? Mary was already dead then, Artemis was dead now…. It was all one ugly circle. As they ate, though, Sirius continued to press her about the war. "I know that you don't want to get involved," he said as Lydia drank some tea, "and I completely support and respect that. But…but I do think you need to be kept abreast of things, somewhat, just so you know what to expect." Lydia nodded, barely listening. "That's fine," she said. "I don't want to upset you, though, Lydia, so if I'm telling you more than you want to know or think you can handle, please tell me." "I'll be fine," she said dismissively, dishing herself up more pasta. It was a strange but wonderful feeling, being able to eat to her fill and not worry about rationing her food to last an allotted amount of time. She was starting to put on weight, but in a way that actually made her feel better about her body, and Sirius seemed pleased as well. For one thing, her breasts had grown with the rest of her, and she really hadn't expected him to object to that. "I'm going to the meeting then," he said, frowning at the clock. "It's about that time." He kissed her temple and put his dishes in the sink. "Do you want me to get anything while I'm out?" Lydia shook her head, kissing his cheek before he hurried off to get his cloak and head to the meeting. She turned back to her pasta, finishing her plate almost disgustingly quick before downing the remainder of her tepid tea and clearing the table. Washing dishes wasn't something he let her do very often, but Lydia enjoyed it. She liked the rhythm of chores, and it was an especial comfort in light of Artemis's death. It was also a way she felt she could pay back Sirius for his putting her up, in spite of his insistence that she need do no such thing. She found herself getting lost in the rhythm just when she ran out of dishes. She frowned at the empty sink and looked around the kitchen, licking her lips and thinking up other chores she could immerse herself in while Sirius was gone. It wasn't that she didn't want to know about the war. She wanted to know if a friend was in danger, or if she was somehow in danger. She wanted to know the things that pertained to her directly. But she didn't want to know about every mission, every raid, ever danger that had nothing to do with her. It was more than she could handle. She suspected that Sirius knew this, though, so she hadn't bothered pointing it out to him. Lydia had just gone into their bedroom to start sorting dirty laundry that they had in the hamper when she heard a tapping sound at the window. She frowned, glancing over to the window. Who would send her an owl? All of her friends were at the Order meeting. If they needed to tell her something, they'd tell Sirius. Still, Lydia cautiously opened the window, letting in the bird and the warm breeze. The owl offered up the letter and she recognized the spiky lettering on the leg at once. It took off without waiting for an answer, and she wondered what Severus could possibly want. With a sigh, she opened the letter and began to read: Lydia, I know where you are. If I know, so do his enemies. Stay alert. Extra wards when alone. The ones I taught you as well. No one else knows them. Don't show him. Please. Also, condolences. She was less of a dunderhead than the others. There's still somewhere warmer if you come to your senses. I've not gone there yet. We could choose together. -HBP The coding and cryptic nature was easy enough for Lydia to decode, although she knew Sirius would have no idea what it all meant and she decided that was rather the point. It did mean, however, that Severus did not know that Sirius was out of the house when he'd sent it. He was prepared for her to receive it right in front of Sirius. He should have changed his handwriting and not said dunderhead, but even so Sirius would likely not have figured it out. He knew where she was…. He knew that she was staying with Sirius, and likely where Sirius's house was. Yes, they had put up protections, but a dedicated and diligent Death Eater would likely be able to break in with the right amount of time and planning. And Severus even suggested that Bellatrix might know, and Bellatrix was perhaps Sirius's most obvious enemy. Any Death Eater would do, really, but she was focused enough to actually accomplish the task, not to mention quite talented. Stay alert. Lydia snorted. Of course she would stay alert, but what good would it do? Anyone who could break through their protections could easily best her in any sort of duel, and they would have the upper hand because she wouldn't know they were there until they were on her. Extra wards…. Lydia hated doing the wards they already had, much less extra ones. Severus had taught her about half a dozen extra wards, but she'd hoped she'd never have to use them. She closed her eyes, going over them in her mind just be sure she recalled them. She firmly believed that he expected her to ignore the bit about not telling the extra wards to Sirius. Perhaps Severus didn't like the idea of Sirius knowing his wards, or of Sirius being able to get back in to where Lydia was, but he couldn't actually expect her to ward him out of his own house. He knew her well enough to know that if she used the wards, she would tell them to Sirius. Although, the please was troubling. She weighed her options. How badly did she think Severus wanted her safe over wanting Sirius not to know the wards? Or was the please about using the wards? Lydia sighed, running her fingers through her hair. Perhaps she would do the wards. She would rather think that he preferred her safe. She didn't want to think of Severus who would be too proud to actually want her safe. The next part, though, that part was chilling and even a bit sickening. He was giving her condolences on Artemis's death, a death which was not yet listed in the wizarding papers. They'd released no names, not even the exact neighborhood. But Lydia knew Severus, and she knew what he was doing. He'd not mentioned Mary's death until she brought it up, because although he knew all about it, it hadn't been there. It was his way of letting her know he wasn't in any way guilty. But this time, this time he told her. He brought it up first. Perhaps he hadn't actually done the spell that killed her, but he'd been there. He'd seen the chaos and destruction that caused Artemis's death, and that thought made Lydia want to tear up the letter on the spot. There were no condolences that could make her forgive him for being present at that. And the nerve of him, asking her to join him after an admission like that! As if she would give up a safe place with Sirius for a place where she would be at the constant mercy of the Dark Lord and his whims. She shivered. But he had not left his home yet. Either his father was still alive, which she half-hoped for Severus's own sake, or he'd already killed him and simply hadn't left Spinner's End. She frowned slightly, trying to puzzle that particular detail. If he had killed his father, there were dozens of ways to tell her without leaving this code. She decided that Tobias Snape was not alive. Why Severus had not yet killed him was a bit of a mystery, but not one she wanted to sit around trying to think about, not while she was upset with Severus. She then paced the room, trying to decide what to do with the letter before Sirius came home. She could hide it somewhere. If he didn't recognize the handwriting, it was safe in plain sight, but she didn't want to risk him eventually recognizing it. Lydia licked her lips and looked around thoughtfully. No, there was only one really safe thing to do. Perhaps Severus had expected it of her, anyway, if she wasn't caught with it by Sirius in the first place. She pulled her wand back out, placed the letter on the table, and tapped it sharply. Lydia was glad that her hand was not shaking so much to make the spell over-forceful and set the whole table on fire. As soon as the parchment was gone, she put out the blaze. The table was, in fact unharmed. She wouldn't have known how to fix it or explain it to Sirius if it hadn't been. She'd never been very good at such lies.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new follower, TheDoctorsMistress. Enjoy! -C Sirius was snoring softly on the bed, passing out almost as soon as he'd gotten done with dinner. Lydia still could hardly believe all of the changes in her life as she looked down at him, touching his beautiful raven hair carefully. The war changed things for everyone, of course. That was the great difficulty everyone faced together, in a way, no matter what side they were on. Well, except Organza, wherever she was these days. Lydia let her fingertips lightly touch Sirius's cheek as she watched his chest rise and fall. Ever since losing Artemis, Lydia had felt a little more numb every day, even when she and Sirius would have sex. Sometimes, if she closed her eyes when he touched her, she could imagine he was Remus. Lydia closed her eyes, gently running her fingers across the smooth skin and she could almost just imagine it was Remus's warm body lying beside her, snoring lightly in the darkness, waiting for her to curl up against him. Her eyelids fluttered open again and it was still Sirius lying there. She wasn't sure if he knew she still wanted Remus. Sirius wasn't stupid. He was one of the most perceptive people she'd ever known, but there was something when it came to her... He would rather believe what he wanted to be true than what he knew to be true. And it was easier for her to let him believe, because chasing after Remus without the safety of Sirius would hurt more. Lydia had years of experience to prove that to herself. She sighed, climbing off the bed and watching him shift slightly, but not wake. She licked her lips lightly and sat on a chair by the window, looking out at the street. Sirius didn't tell her much about what was happening out there. Lydia largely refused to read the papers, and she wouldn't let Sirius read her the headlines out loud, even though she knew that if he was doing that it wasn't anything to worry about. Sirius hated worrying her. On occasion she would glance at the pictures on the front page, just for a sense of whether it was a good day or a bad day before making tea. But Sirius never offered, and Lydia never asked. With a sigh, she pulled her dressing gown around her more closely. Sirius had bought her almost entirely new things. In truth, Lydia had needed them, but she assured him that she could pay for them herself when she got the money. But Sirius wouldn't hear of it. Sometimes, he was frustrating like that. New clothes, new shampoo even. That had been necessary, perhaps, but she certainly had the gold to buy shampoo. Lydia rested her head on the edge of the wall and closed her eyes, taking in the cool air that radiated from the window, even while it was shut. She pretended Remus's arms were around her. Sometimes, when she was alone, she would pretend things like this. The longer Sirius left her alone, the more real her fantasies would feel, and she would sometimes think of them when she talked to the actual Remus, and it was hard not to blush for the remembering. Lydia opened her eyes, though, unable to draw a clear image of Remus in her mind, and she ran her fingertips along the windowsill. A man was walking alone down the street. It was a bit late at night for that, but she tilted her head slightly, watching him cross the street and knock on the door of the house across the way. She briefly recalled that night when she had looked across the street to see Severus's family embroiled in a terrible moment. The man across the street from her now waited a moment until a young girl opened the door and he pushed her forward into the house roughly and slapped her hard. Lydia bit her lip, for a split second thinking of doing something, but the door closed and she lost the urge instantly. Was there something wrong with her, that she would not say anything after seeing something like that, even with strangers? Sirius shifted on the bed again and she turned and glanced at him. In the morning, Lily and James would marry. Lydia was in the wedding, as was Sirius, but Lydia was only the Maid of Honor because she was the only one still alive. Sirius was Best Man because he was James's best friend. Lily could say all she wanted about being Lydia's best friend, but Artemis should have had the job. She was the planner. Not Lydia. Lydia glanced back out the window. Artemis had been the better person, too. Loosening the dressing gown, Lydia slipped out of it and crawled back into bed. Sirius's chest rose and fell as he breathed and she watched, smiling slightly. He treated her well. Lydia had never had so much attention, affection, and bounty in her life. It was hard to tell if Sirius would have done this anyway, or if he was making up for the life her parents never gave her, but either way she could appreciate the treatment. "Lydia," he muttered in his sleep, reaching for her. She smiled, curling up against him. "Love you." Lydia licked her lips, wondering if she should say something. Could she be in love with Sirius? Could she say it if she did? What if speaking woke him up? She rested her head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat intensify at the shift. She liked the sound of his heart racing, the way his breath changed while they were having sex. That was actually the best thing, she decided, about being with Sirius. Lydia liked the change she could cause in him, even if the same change didn't really happen in her. There was something beautiful in feeling important, even for something so secret and private. The following morning found Lydia Rowe pulling on a green satin dress and letting Lily zip it up before turning to help Lily into her giant white gown. "I'm glad you opted for Muggle dress," Lydia admitted. "I liked having to take Sirius shopping for a tux. He had no idea what any of it was." Lily giggled. "He thinks he knows so much about Muggles just because he has a motorbike," she teased. "James thought it was funny, too. Not that he was much better, granted. But I think he likes seeing Sirius out of his element." Lydia smiled. She began working on Lily's hair as she knew she was supposed to do, and she couldn't help thinking that Artemis would do a much better job at it. She took a deep breath, praying that Lily wasn't going ask when she and Sirius were getting married. The last thing she wanted was for their friends to talk him into proposing. The way they were, she could live with that, living together with no actual commitment. They were happy that way. It didn't need to be any other way. They weren't Lily and James. When it was time to go down the aisle, Lydia handed her best friend the bouquet, kissed her hands, and said, "Here we go. Dazzle him." Of course, Lily dazzled everyone. She was beautiful, perfect, and exactly the sort of angelic figure every bride should cut. Lydia knew she would never look half so good if she ever married, and as she glanced up at the alter and saw Sirius watching her instead of Lily she knew she should look away, but she couldn't. If she looked for Remus, Sirius would see her, and she would break his heart. That was one thing she couldn't bring herself to do. And anyway, it was nice to see Sirius looking at her like that. Lydia couldn't focus during the ceremony between the way Sirius was looking at her and the eyes of the crowd upon the four of them. She had never enjoyed being the center of attention, and she certainly didn't appreciate it when this was Lily's day. She couldn't thank Sirius for the discomfort during the ceremony, but once the reception hit she found herself relaxing more, looking for somewhere to hide while the others enjoyed the party. Sirius, however, took the opportunity to pull her onto the dance floor as soon as possible and hold her. "You look stunning," he said softly. Lydia knew it was a lie. She had certainly looked better, and compared with Lily, Lydia looked like a sack of flour on this occasion. It wasn't that she minded, but she didn't like that Sirius couldn't see her realistically. "Sirius," she sighed, shaking her head. "We could get married right now," he said, half-teasing. "There's still an officiant here. You, me, really quick..." "Sirius, please," Lydia said, feeling him pull her closer, glancing over his shoulder at a stone-faced Remus. "Don't be ridiculous." They danced for a while in silence, Sirius looking so proud to be holding her and Lydia looking over his shoulder every few seconds to see what Remus was doing. At one point, Remus caught her eye and there was such pain there that she almost pushed away from Sirius on the spot, but then he looked away and she thought perhaps she had imagined it, wishful thinking. She closed her eyes to keep it from happening again, and from the feel of it when she rested her head on Sirius's shoulder, this made him even more proud. The cake was good, anyway, Lydia mused as she sat by herself about half an hour later, digging into the cake while Sirius went over to sneak into Lily and James's photos like a child. She didn't realize Remus was sitting beside her until he said, "You look lovely, Lydia." She jumped so much she almost dropped her cake, but she looked up at him and smiled sheepishly. No, there was no intensity in his eyes now, no longing, no pain. Just a cold mask of indifference. "Thank you, Remus," she said breathlessly. "You look rather dashing." "Hardly," he replied, with just a touch of bitterness in his voice. He picked up a piece of cake for himself and took a bite. "It's not bad," he said after swallowing. "Not chocolate, but..." Lydia smiled as he shrugged and took another bite. It was unfair, really, how little she got to see Remus now that she was with Sirius. She would have guessed that it would have brought them closer, but whether Sirius was separating them on purpose or Remus was keeping his distance, she hadn't seen nearly as much of him as she wanted. "You know," Lydia said softly, looking up at him, "you should come by sometime. Sirius was just saying the other day that we don't see enough of you." "Did he?" Remus asked, amused. Her stomach sank slightly, but she nodded. "Very well. Maybe I'll drop by in the next day or two. But you know I'm very busy, Lydia. It's not that I don't want to see you, but..." "The Order," she said softly, nodding. It was the perfect excuse, really. She wasn't in the Order. She would never know if he was lying to stay away. Sirius came over not long after and stole her away for the remainder of the party, but Lydia didn't mind. She'd still gotten some time with Remus, and she'd gotten a promise of a visit. That was more than she had expected to get. That night, she and Sirius made love, and it was one of their better times. Lydia still didn't have any sort of explosive experience, but she felt happier about doing it, more in tune with Sirius than she'd ever been before, and he seemed more pleased as well. The following morning, Lydia woke up alone and could almost feel tension in the air as she climbed out of bed, frowning in confusion. Even though it was August, it felt chilly in that room, the air on her naked skin as she peeled off the covers Sirius must have pulled back over her when he got up. She felt strangely self-conscious as she pulled on some pajamas and a dressing gown to go and get some breakfast. She didn't even bother combing her hair, but a few moments later she wished she had. Remus and Sirius were avidly not looking at each other over the kitchen table, breakfast between them and a cup of tea sitting in front of the chair beside Sirius where Lydia supposed she was expected to sit. "Good morning," she said, pulling her dressing gown more tightly around her and raising smoothing her hair as she sat down. Sirius instantly wrapped his arm around her waist and kissed her temple and she tensed. What had happened while she was sleeping? "Hello, Lydia," Remus said softly, still not looking up. "I thought I'd visit, as I'm going away for a few days starting tomorrow." "Oh?" Lydia asked as casually as possible. "Where are you headed, then?" "Order, Lydia," Sirius said sternly. "He can't say." "Right," she sighed. "I suppose nobody goes on holidays in this environment, right? What's for breakfast, then, Sirius?" He slid a plate of eggs and bacon in front of her and she picked up a fork and knife. "Looks lovely," she said, smiling weakly at the two men who were still staring at the table pointedly. This couldn't go on, but she didn't have the strength to confront them about it. A small flock of owls came to the rescue, though, and Sirius got up to let in the three letter-laden owls. "All from the Ministry," Sirius said, grinning. "One for each of us." "Exams," Lydia said breathlessly, looking at the envelope Sirius put in front of her. The others opened theirs, but she just stared at it. One letter, one score, would decide whether she would have any sort of future she wanted. "Well no surprises here," Sirius said, setting his aside. "Are you going to look at yours, love?" Lydia shook her head. "I can't," she whispered. "You open it. Tell me the Arithmancy. I...I don't care about the others anyway. That's the only one I need." "Are you sure, Lydia?" Remus said, frowning slightly as Sirius reached for the envelope. "You might want..." "No," Lydia said firmly. "No, open it Sirius. Just Arithmancy." He wasn't meaning to be cruel about it. He was opening it slowly to give her chance to change her mind, but it felt cruel regardless. He slowly unfolded the parchment and she licked her lips, staring at it as he scanned the page. "Lydia, are you sure you don't want," he began, but she gave him a stern look and he stopped. "Right, well, you got an Outstanding on your Arithmancy, not that you should be shocked by that." She smiled weakly, thanked him, and fought the tears of joy. Tea was drunk to cover her tears while the boys began to chat about their scores, although as Sirius said, no one had any surprises. "I suppose Lily and James will write soon," Sirius mused. "Lily could never stand not discussing scores right away. Shall I send her all your scores so she doesn't harass you about them, love?" "Fine, fine," Lydia said with a nod. "You're right. That will probably save time. Would you like to do something for lunch, Remus? We could go somewhere Muggle, the three of us." "No," Remus said, shifting nervously. "You've not even finished breakfast, Lydia. No...I think it would be better if I went to see Caradoc. We have... Well, yes." "Of course," she said, trying not to sound too sad as Sirius wrapped his arm around her tightly once more. "You'd really better go, then," Sirius said tightly, squeezing Lydia's side. "If you're going to catch Caradoc before..." "Right," Remus said, smiling tightly. "Of course. It was lovely seeing you both." "You didn't finish your tea," Lydia said weakly, but he just gave her a sad smile, tipped the cup back to drink half the cup in two quick gulps, and then turned and left without another word. Sirius said nothing, probably because he knew that if he confronted her about inviting Remus over she might demand to know if he and Remus were lying about Order business to dissipate the awkwardness. "How's the bacon?" he finally said, pulling out some parchment and a quill to start the letter to Lily and James. "It's a bit chewy," Lydia said softly, watching him as he began to scribble out the letter. He would be quiet and a bit cold until he finished, letting out his aggravation on the parchment instead of at her, and she almost wished he would start a fight instead. Fighting was something familiar, something she could understand, but this stiff, cold thing between them as he wrote was something she had seen between her parents before the fighting really began, and she was afraid that Severus had been right. Lydia watched him write for a long time before she stuffed the last bit of bacon in her mouth, chewed as quickly as possible, and swallowed it down with her final mouthful of tea. "I'll shower, then," she said, and he grunted in half-interested affirmation before dipping his quill once more. The water fell over her in warm, refreshing drops, cascading over her body and she closed her eyes, touching her breasts and thinking of the contours of Remus's face and smiling at the thought.
Lydia, I know you likely want nothing to do with me anymore, but you must understand my eagerness for information. You are the only person I can turn to. Forgive me for pressing you, but I hope that you still have some fond memories of our friendship that will cause you to take pity on me. There are no announcements, as you know, but there are rumors in my set that she married that...person. Has it happened? I know you have no reason to tell me but...I need to know. You, of all people, must understand this. I cannot tell you anything about what I have done lately. I don't think you would want to know even if I could tell you. Just know that I still look out for you. I've been keeping track of you, just to make sure you're safe. Take care of yourself, Lydia. There is only so much I can do for you now, with the choices you've made. Please write back. I don't ask much of you, but I need an answer. I need to know. I can understand not wanting Black to trace our interaction, but you owe me that much, Lydia. Please. Burn after reading, but reply. -S She turned the letter over in her hands, considering. He asked a lot of her for a man who had chosen the side that wanted Lily dead. Lydia licked her lips and read the words for the third time that afternoon. Her first instinct, of course, had been to respond. After all, Severus was her best friend, and what would it hurt to tell him that yes, Lily and James had married the month prior? Of course, she had then had a brief fear that he might do himself harm after this news, or track down James to do him harm. The more she thought about it, the less she thought it was a good idea to write back. She understood, certainly, how it felt to be in love with someone and not be a part of their life in the way desired. Lydia couldn't recall the last time Remus had actually told her about anything to do with what he was doing or how he felt about anything other than the temperature of the room. There was nothing she could do about Severus anymore, though. As she had chosen her path, he had chosen his, and as he said, there was only so much they could do anymore. She turned the parchment over in her hands, wondering if there was some sort of response she could give that would answer his question without actually answering... But even that was like asking for trouble that she didn't want to bring on him or Lily. No, as always, it was better to stay out of potential conflict, even though Severus would suffer. After all, he would suffer either way, and someone else would surely be able to find his answers for him. Lydia couldn't be the only person to turn to. With a heavy sigh, she tapped the parchment with her wand and watched it burn up. In about an hour, Sirius would be back from his Order meeting and she wouldn't want to have to explain the parchment. After she had decided not to respond, what point was there in keeping it? She still had Severus's Potions book when she wanted to look at his words, when she knew Sirius wouldn't be around to be upset with her for it. She sighed, cleaning up the remnants of the letter and shooing off the owl that had brought it, locking the window. After a while, it got the point and flew away. A twinge of guilt plagued her stomach as she watched it go, but there was really never any real thought to sending him a reply. Doing so would have been a betrayal to the man she was sharing a bed with, the man who was kind enough to let her live with him with no charge at all. Lydia shivered, almost able to hear Severus's disparaging voice in her ear, judging her. You are paying him, Lydia. You're paying him with your body. She knew that wasn't what was happening, but sometimes, when her mind was particularly dark, she would think of it that way. Sirius came in a moment later, groaning from down the hall. Lydia made sure there was no signs of the letter before going out to meet him, smiling as naturally as she could when he smiled at her. "Hello, lovely," he said, hugging her and planting a kiss on her temple. "Have you been productive while I was gone?" She had meant to use the time while he was at the meeting to work on her latest Arithmancy project. Very little had actually been accomplished, however, before the letter arrived. "I got stuck," she lied, feeling a flush build on her cheeks. "Ah, well, it happens I suppose," Sirius said sympathetically. "Let's have a cup of tea before I go." Lydia raised her eyebrows. Go where? But true to form, she said nothing, waiting for him to fill in the blanks for her. "Dumbledore's sending me and Frank off on a protection mission," Sirius said, pouring out the tea for her and cooling it magically to the temperature she preferred. "I'm afraid that's all I can tell you about it. But maybe you'll get more work done." "Oh, yes, probably," Lydia said with a small smile, stirring her tea for a moment before drinking it, just to stop herself from telling him about Severus's letter, which she'd felt a sudden urge to do. Sirius would be happier not knowing, she reminded herself, and nothing could be gained by telling him. Nothing could be gained by reminding him of her friendship with Severus. "Stay safe," she said as he put his cup in the sink and kissed her temple. He grinned at her. "I will, love," he said happily. "I'll be back for dinner with Lily and James tonight. I promise." Lydia had actually forgotten all about dinner with Lily and James, and she made a mental note to actually make food as Sirius left. She sighed, running her fingers through her hair and looking around the kitchen, running her fingers through her hair. Although she didn't mind meetings, for she had uninterrupted time to work, Lydia hated knowing Sirius was on missions. There was something tense in the air that made it difficult for her to think deeply enough to accomplish anything important. Instead, Lydia picked up her empty cup and washed the few things in the sink, by hand. Sirius liked to tease her for not using magic on such tasks, but if it took less time she would find herself with nothing to do before he came home, and she didn't trust herself with nothing to do when she was anxious. Washing the tea cups reminded her of the visits from Severus, making tea and talking about his father, her father, everything and anything but the things that stood between them. One of the teacups slipped as she scrubbed it and shattered against the sink, shards flying all over the sink and one sticking in her hand. "Shit," she hissed, looking at her throbbing hand. Overdoing it on the scrubbing, no doubt. She turned the sink a bit colder, running her hand under, carefully examining the shard to see if she would be able to take it out manually, or if she would need magic. To be safe, she pulled out her wand and used magic. She didn't know enough about injuries to trust herself to do it the Muggle way. Lily would have to Heal the wound later. Lydia had no skill for such things, so she made sure it was clean before turning off the sink with her free hand, pressing a clean towel against the wound to stay the bleeding as she hurried off to the bathroom, where she kept the Muggle medical supplies Sirius refused to use. It wasn't too terribly deep, so she carefully put a plaster on it, ensuring that it wouldn't come loose. With a heavy sigh, she sat down at the foot of their bed, looking down at her hand. She'd been upset about Severus. Perhaps it was the letter that had made her shatter the teacup, but she needed to convincingly tell Sirius that it was nothing when he asked later. It wasn't that Lydia felt she was always on pins and needles with Sirius. Plenty of days were just ordinary days spent in perfectly pleasant companionship. She would work, he would listen to Quidditch or read or go over things for the Order while she was in her own world, and then she would tell him in the simplest terms possible about her work, and he pretended to understand enough to be interested for her sake while they shared meals. Most nights were also capped with sex, which wasn't exactly a negative experience. In truth, she was coming to truly enjoy the fact that Sirius took the effort every night to seduce her all over again, never failing to treat her like some sort of prize. She had at least half expected that once he had her, he would assume he deserved her when he wanted her, like he'd earned her. Instead, every night he would begin with tender, gentle kisses and touches, making a proper effort to drive her wild. But there were no sparks. She had from Lily that every time James kissed her, there were sparks, there was heat whenever he touched her, and there was an ache when he turned her on. But none of that happened for Lydia when she was with Sirius. She liked to think that with Remus, things would be different and she would feel all of those things, but Lydia wasn't with Remus. That thought, familiar though it was, made her feel nauseous for a moment and she steadied herself before she checked the time and realized that she needed to make dinner before Lily, James, and Sirius arrived. Lydia checked her plaster to be certain that it wasn't moving before she made her way back to the kitchen. Dinner was almost an automatic thing for her at this point. Lydia had done so many dinners while Sirius was away that she didn't have to think about how she would cook the steak, which wine she would get out for them, how she was going to arrange the salad and what she might garnish the steak with after she sliced the fruit. Everything just happened. Similar to her making of dinner, setting the table for the four of them was equally automatic. She was just laying out the silverware when she heard a knock on the door. "Coming!" Lydia called. She opened the door to find Lily and James standing there, and they hugged her. "What have you done to your hand?" Lily said, shocked when she saw the plaster. "Shattered a teacup," Lydia said, frowning as Lily peeled back the plaster. "Overzealous scrubbing. Sirius always says I shouldn't do chores without my wand. I reckon he'll say this is proof." Lily Healed it in a moment and she and James put up their cloaks before following Lydia into the kitchen where dinner was ready and waiting for Sirius. "Did he say when he would be back?" James asked, obviously hungry and wanting to dig into the steak. "He said he'd be back for dinner," Lydia said with a wan smile. "You are a bit early, after all. How's married life?" "Excellent," Lily sighed, putting her hand in James's. "You know, Sirius was looking at rings the other day, Lydia. Has he?" "No," Lydia said sharply, her stomach turning. She hoped that Sirius wouldn't ask. Not yet. Not until she knew what she would say. The sound of the front door opening caused Lydia to tense slightly, but Sirius came in a moment later and she smiled at him. "Our guests beat you here," she said cheerfully, and Sirius barked with laughter, sitting down beside her and kissing her temple. "I can see that," he said, licking his lips at the steak on the table. "This looks lovely, Lydia. It must have taken ages." "No, not really," she said with a shrug. "You forget, I'm used to cooking. It's not so bad when you do it often enough." The four of them began to eat and Lily and James regaled them with tales of married life. They seemed to really enjoy being married, Lydia mused, surprised that they so easily settled into a new way of life. Especially Lily and James, who had really not long ago been newly speaking to each other like human beings. The idea that they were so much in love made Lydia...well, frankly a bit uncomfortable. It made her uncomfortable to see how happy they were, how everything they did delighted each other, how obvious it was that neither had eyes for anyone else. Lydia and Sirius couldn't even begin to be described that way. Sure, Sirius was deliriously happy, delighted in everything she did, and obviously had eyes for no one but Lydia. But Lydia was somewhat happy to say the best, knew little to nothing about Sirius's work and really didn't want to, and was constantly thinking of someone else. It was a sham. Their entire relationship was based on Lydia taking what she needed for the moment from someone so enamored with her that he either didn't notice or convinced himself that his ideal of things was reality. It wasn't healthy and Lydia knew that, and the longer dinner went on the less Lydia felt comfortable with the way Sirius ran his fingers along the back of her hand. She was sure he was going to pull out a ring or something any moment, but thankfully he did no such thing. "Great meal, Lydia," James said happily, stretching and pushing away an empty plate. "I feel like we should have you cook at the Order meetings. Dorcas is hopeless." "Lydia's not going to Order meetings," Sirius said sternly, gathering up the dirty dishes. "Not even just for cooking." Lydia stiffened, and had half a mind to tell him that she could make that decision for herself, or to say that she liked the idea very much, just to spite him, but she didn't want to start a fight, especially not in front of Lily and James, so she said nothing, merely clenching her hands a little and sighing. "Don't you think it would be a good way for her to be involved without being in danger?" Lily said softly, looking between them. "I think it's a wonderful idea." Sirius opened his mouth, probably to argue with Lily, but he froze when he looked in the sink and Lydia's heart began to pound as she realized what he was looking at. She forgot to clean up the shards of the teacup she had shattered after she had put on the plaster. "Lydia?" Sirius said, his voice suddenly tight and strained. "What is this?" "Oh, that?" Lydia said, forcing her own voice to be as casual as possible. "It's nothing. I had an accident while washing the dishes and I forgot to clean it up. It's an easy fix, isn't it?" "Of course it is," Lily said happily, waving her wand. The teacup put itself back together and Sirius sighed, looking at it. "That's not the point," he said tightly. "Why didn't you tell me?" "It didn't matter," Lydia muttered, looking down at her hands. "Why would I waste your time telling you about something that didn't matter?" There was stiff, uncomfortable silence between the four of them until Sirius finally said, "Right, you're not doing dishes the Muggle way anymore." "Sirius," James began, but Sirius shook his head, cutting his best friend off. "If I can't trust you not to hurt yourself I can't let you do it this way, Lydia," Sirius said. "She's not a child, Sirius," Lily said sharply. He recoiled as if smacked and looked at Lily liked he'd never seen her before. "Don't treat her like a child or I'm having her move in with us and you won't get a say in how she does her chores. Are we understood?" Lydia looked down at the table thinking that they all treated her like a child, but she knew it was her fault. If she had the strength to speak up for herself... But she never had. "Please," she said softly, looking up at her friends and feeling a bit sick to her stomach. "Please, let's just have a cup of tea or something and have a good time." Sirius's face softened as he looked at her and he nodded, quickly going about making tea for everyone. If she had wanted, if she tried, Lydia could win every argument. But Lydia didn't even fight. She closed her eyes and could see her mother's glassy eyes looking back at her. That was what fighting earned. That was all the good that could come out of it. When Lily and James left that night, Sirius followed Lydia into the bedroom and watched her as she walked into the bathroom, burying her anger and discomfort in washing her face. But Sirius followed her in. "Lydia, I'm sorry," he said softly as she scrubbed her face. "I didn't mean to... You know I only worry because I love you. Right?" She made an affirmative noise as she rinsed her face. "I love you," he said softly as she patted her clean face with a towel. "And I will let you wash dishes as much as you want, all right? Just...tell me if you have something like this happen, okay? Please?" "Sure," Lydia said softly, letting his face brighten and his eyes begin to light with desire as he led her out to bed.
"You know the best thing about this neighborhood?" Sirius asked, pouring wine for himself and Lydia, grinning like a child. "What's that?" she asked, laughing as he set the wine in front of her, kissing her temple. "No children," he growled. Lydia's breath caught as she looked at his hungry gray eyes. Sirius had been lavishing her with attention all day. Halloween, she knew, was one of his favorite days of the year. He loved holidays in general, but Christmas and Halloween were his favorite. She'd never asked him why, but she strongly suspected that it had something to do with the food. Indeed, they had spent much of the day sampling his "Halloween" food, and eating all the sweets they could get their hands on. Lily and James had thrown a short bash in the afternoon, because Peter had a mission that night and wouldn't be able to attend if they didn't have it earlier, so Sirius had gotten smashed at that party and had been flirting up a storm with Lydia ever since they decided to head home. Lydia hadn't missed the look in Remus's amber eyes as she shyly dealt with her boyfriend's advances. He had, of course, insisted on more alcohol when they got home, and this wine he'd poured was the result of that insistence. Granted, he seemed to have sobered up considerably, or she might have pushed him away when he went in to kiss her. Lydia savored the taste of the merlot on his breath as he leaned into her, his fingers tracing patters across her collarbone. His lips always tasted delicious, but there was just something about the alcohol in his breath that went straight to her core. It never took much for Sirius to seduce her, and he was already leading her to their bed. Lydia felt a bit dizzy with the warm buzz of the mix of alcohol and Sirius's touch as he unzipped her dress, peeling the straps off her shoulders, kissing each one before peeling the whole dress off her. She moved to cover herself instinctively and he stopped her, kissing her wrists before pushing her gently into a sitting position on the bed. Her breathing changed even as she watched him peel off his shirt, watching him undo his trousers and shimmy out of them. His erection was already tight against his boxers. Before he took them off, though, he touched her hair, kissing the top of her head. "I love you so much," he sighed. "How on earth did I get so lucky?" Lydia could feel something piercing the high of this experience, but as he tipped her chin up and pressed his lips to hers, engaging her in a hot, demanding kiss, she pushed the feeling aside, basking in the feel of his skin on hers. Sparks were overrated, she decided as he peeled off his boxers and took the kiss onto the bed proper, quickly ridding her of her bra and panties before nipping a trail down her front. Lydia tipped her head back, letting him part her legs as she had a flash of Remus in her mind. Perhaps she should have stopped him, but it was then that he dipped his head between her legs and she forgot for a brief moment that he wasn't Remus, until she tangled her fingers in his silky, long hair. She bit her lip, trying to decide what to do, but Sirius made it so hard to think sometimes. It wasn't long before she just gave up trying to think. About twenty minutes later, Sirius was inside her, and she gazed up into his eyes hazily, suddenly aware once more that he was not Remus. This realization jolted her back into the moment rather harshly, and once more she wondered if she shouldn't push him away. And then he began to move inside her and she gasped. No sparks, but she had decided that it more or less didn't matter. The sex was good without sparks or anything like them. And with Sirius, the sex was enhanced by his regular, barely coherent professions of love. Lydia licked her lips as he came inside of her, not bothered by her lack thereof, as she had already come twice. Sirius curled up with her on the bed, spooning her happily, and she closed her eyes, breathing in the smell of their sweat and juices. At first, she had found the scent disconcerting, but the longer they were together the more pleasant she found it. Just as the longer they were together, the less it bothered her to have Sirius hold her all night, like a child clutching a beloved teddybear. It was sweet, in a way. "Does it feel strange?" she whispered. "I mean, not having Halloween at Hogwarts." "A little," he said softly. "But I think I like it better, being here with you." He sounded fully sober now, and he placed a kiss on the back of Lydia's neck, pulling her a little bit closer. It really wasn't late enough to sleep, she realized. He was resting, probably working on arousing her enough for another round, when they were ready for it. She closed her eyes and let him plant kisses all along her shoulders and back. She was too tired to protest, even if she had wanted to. They did, indeed, have another round, although it still wasn't very late. "Do you want tea or something?" Lydia finally asked. "I suddenly got a craving for tea." "Sure, love," he said with a smile. She got out of bed and pulled on her dressing gown, letting him follow her out in his, and she put the kettle on when the got to the kitchen. Lydia stretched, waiting for the water, knowing instinctively that she would feel sore in the morning. She was already beginning to ache a little bit. "There," she said, placing the freshly brewed tea on the table and sitting across from him, blowing on hers. She jumped when there was a frantic knock at the door. Sirius raised his eyebrows and pulled his wand out of his pocket, going straight to the door. She heard frantic voices and a sigh. "Right," she heard Sirius say. "Right, you stay here with Lydia. Don't tell her... I'll tell her when I get back. I'm going to dress. Go into the kitchen. She'll make you some tea." "Padfoot," she heard a voice she would recognize anywhere as Remus say. "No arguing. Go." Lydia pulled her dressing gown around her more tightly, and she saw Remus enter the kitchen nervously. "What is it?" she asked softly. "Lily and James?" "They're fine," Remus said, looking anywhere but at her. "Sirius wants me to stay with you while he's...while he's doing something for the Order." "Right," she said softly, hearing the front door slam behind Sirius and his motorbike start up. "Would you like tea, Remus?" "Please." Her hands shook as she made another cup, stirring in the sugar and cream just as he liked it. She gave him the cup, watching their hands brush as he took the cup. Lydia tried not to think about how her heart was racing. She was more present in this moment than she'd been in all of the moments she'd spent in bed with Sirius that night. "Can you at least tell me what it is that he's doing?" she asked. "You don't have to tell me what's happened, just...what sort of thing?" "Erm, a raid, I guess," Remus said, finally looking up at her, his amber eyes closed off forcefully. Lydia's breath caught. "There have been some deaths and the Dark Mark was up. Dumbledore told me specifically to fetch Sirius. Why aren't you drinking your tea, Lydia?" "Oh," she said, blushing, looking down at her own tea. "It's not cool enough yet." Remus cleared his throat slightly, pulling out his wand. "May I?" he asked. She nodded, and he tapped the side of the teacup with his wand. "There, that should be good." It was. It was perfect. Lydia thanked him softly and sipped his tea, feeling giddy just being with him, alone. The last time they were alone together, they were in school. They sat in silence for a while, but then they started up a conversation about her Arithmancy projects, and she began to get incredibly giddy, pleased that he seemed to comprehend so much more of it than Sirius, that he seemed to care more genuinely than Sirius did. They were so close together. If she just... If she... Lydia found herself leaning closer and closer as they talked, until she actually, in spite of herself, leaned in to try and kiss him. And her heart broke slightly as he pushed her away. "Lydia, don't do this," he said, his voice strained. It was a strange moment for Lydia, because his eyes were asking her to kiss him, but he had actually physically pushed her away. She could feel tears welling up in her eyes, and she tried to think of what to do. Why had she done it? Why had she leaned in? Why had he stopped her? "Lydia," he sighed, running his fingers through his hair. It looked more gray then the last time she'd seen him this close. "Lydia, you're with Sirius." "I know," she said, shifting, still able to feel him inside her if she focused enough. "You know it would break his heart if he could see you doing this," he said, pushing his chair a bit further away. But he didn't say how he felt, what he wanted. For a brief moment, hope bloomed in Lydia's chest. She could do something, anything. Perhaps Remus would forget about Sirius if she did the right thing, said the right words. "Remus, you know I love you," she said, hands shaking violently at this point. She had to put her teacup down for fear of shattering another one. Lydia didn't know how she would explain that to Sirius. Remus just looked at her, his own hands shaking now. There were things she could do. Desperate things that she might regret in the morning, but she was sitting there in nothing but her dressing gown. What if...what if that was what it took to get Remus to act on what she knew he wanted? Could he deny her if she...if she... But Lydia did not have the bravery required for such an act, even in desperation. She could feel her throat constricting with panic at the very thought of removing her dressing gown and attempting to seduce him, especially in Sirius's house. Especially when she could still smell Sirius on her skin. "Remus," she whispered, but he stood up, moving to clean his teacup, by hand, to stay as far away from her as he could. Lydia felt tears welling up in her eyes as her throat continued to constrict. Try as she might, she couldn't let herself give up, not like this. Perhaps he was right. This wasn't the time and place for such a thing, but that didn't mean he didn't want her, that he didn't love her back. Her breathing eased as she thought of ways she might try again in another time and place, and then the sound of the motorbike outside made her breathing tense again. Should she put on clothes? Would Sirius have expected her to get dressed while he was gone? Or would he be pleased that they could pick up where they left off when he got home? Remus pulled out his wand and went to the door to ensure that Sirius was Sirius and deal with any wounds before Lydia had to see him. They acted like she was too weak to see anything, but maybe they were right. The images of her mother and Mary flashed before her eyes as the boys came into the kitchen. Sirius was dirty, but that was the worst of it. "What happened?" Remus asked, helping him into a chair. "Wind knocked out of me," Sirius said, waving him off. "But we couldn't save them." "All of them?" Remus said softly, horrified. "Why, who is it?" Lydia asked, frowning. "Firewhiskey, Lydia," Sirius coughed. "Please." She quickly got out the firewhiskey and two glasses, in case Remus wanted some when he got the news. Lydia poured Sirius a shot, pushing it across the table and gesturing that she would pour one for Remus, but he shook his head, waiting for Sirius to take his shot and give the news. He didn't have to wait long. "Marlene McKinnon," Sirius muttered, gesturing for another shot. "Whole family. All of them. Dead. Even Marlene." Lydia swallowed, hand shaking slightly, wondering about Marlene McKinnon. She'd never met the woman. Marlene was seven or eight years older than them, but she'd been an Order member since the start of the war. Her husband was killed by Voldemort early in the war, and she was raising four children alone, with a bit of help from her unmarried younger sister, who had gone to school in France when their father had been assigned to a Ministry on the continent. The boys had the utmost respect for Marlene. They called her a rock, the most impressive woman they'd met since McGonagall. She didn't fail to raise her children because of her incredible force in the war effort, and she never let her effort in the war slip for care of her children. "They murdered four children in cold blood," Sirius rasped, taking the bottle from Lydia and pouring another shot, pouring one for Remus as well and pushing it over to his friend. "And both women. Marlene obviously didn't go down without a fight, but they sent in twenty Death Eaters to kill four children and two women. They obviously knew she would send up the alarm." Remus nodded, shooting back his drink and motioning for Sirius to hit him with another. Lydia just watched the boys drown their sorrows in a salute to Marlene McKinnon. She pulled her dressing gown more tightly around her body as the boys continued to drink until the bottle was gone. Sirius got up to get another bottle and Remus and Lydia met each others' eyes. For a moment, her heart began to race, because she saw in his eyes the desire that she so often saw in Sirius's, and she could feel her heart begin to race as she took a step toward him, hoping that he might say or do something, anything. But Remus took a step back as Sirius came back in with more alcohol and said, "I should go. Peter...I promised to tell Peter what happened when I was...when I..." "Sure, Moony," Sirius slurred, sitting down with the firewhiskey. "Give him my best." Remus muttered words of parting and Lydia stood there, feeling a strong urge to beg him to stay, to say to hell with Sirius and run after him. She'd seen that look. There was hope. Maybe...maybe if she just did something crazy, just this once, maybe then she could be happy, happy like Lily was with James, happy like Sirius was with her. She heard the door close behind Remus and she knew it was too late to do anything crazy tonight. Sirius picked up her hand from the table where it was clenched and kissed it tenderly. "I love you so much," he muttered. "Marlene, she was a wonderful woman, Lydia. She..." "I know," Lydia said gently, rubbing her thumb over his hand, not really listening as he babbled on about Marlene. Her mind was still on the look in Remus's eyes when Sirius had left the room. If she had tried to kiss him then, what would have happened? "The things I see," Sirius moaned. "I'm so glad I have you. I need you." Her stomach turned and she sighed. "I'm going to put the firewhiskey away," she said softly. "And then I'm going to bed. Do you feel up to joining me?" "In a mo'," Sirius muttered, watching her do as she said. Lydia's mind went to the McKinnons, Marlene's children and sister. Sirius said he needed her, but he was selfish and she knew it. She wondered how often, if ever, he thought of what might happen to her if the Death Eaters after him broke into his house. Was that why he had just had half a bottle of firewhiskey single-handedly? Had that been what crossed his mind as he looked at the corpses of Marlene's family? She pulled off her dressing gown, pausing for a moment as Sirius stumbled into the room. She swallowed, thinking of Severus's warnings. For what felt like the millionth time, she wondered if he hadn't been right about Sirius, at least a little bit. Lydia couldn't fully bring herself to believe that Sirius would ever be like her father, but there were things... "So beautiful," Sirius sighed, tracing shapes on her back with a trembling finger. Lydia licked her lips and closed her eyes, thinking of the glassy eyes of her mother, Mary's pale toes covered in blood. Sirius placed a kiss between her shoulder blades and Remus's eyes flashed before her once more, liquid amber burning with desire. A shot of desire went to her very core and she allowed her fingers to reach back and tangle in Sirius's hair as he began to kiss and nip at her neck. She licked her lips again, moaning as he reached around to touch her breasts. And the cycle continued, she thought, half bitterly, as she felt her knees go weak and allowed Sirius to push her onto their bed.
Alone was a state of being Lydia was becoming more and more familiar with, she mused, sitting alone in the kitchen. Sirius was very important in the Order, and they weren't a large enough organization that he could always pick someone out to sit with her when he was gone. Remus was gone more than he was around, and Sirius probably wouldn't have asked him to stay with her even if he wasn't off Merlin knows where doing Merlin knows what all the time. She looked through the liquor cabinet, contemplating making a gin and french before she just decided that firewhiskey would do the job better. Lydia pulled out one of Sirius's shot glasses, setting it on the table before going in for the alcohol itself, pulling it out and unstoppering the bottle, breathing it in and coughing and spluttering at the burning sensation on her nose. There was a reason she never touched this stuff, but she poured it anyway. Once she'd made up her mind, there didn't seem much point changing it. She poured the shot and downed it a moment later, choking slightly as it went down, burning her throat and warming her belly. Sirius hadn't said when he would be home. Lydia had gone through all the chores she could think of and now had nothing to do but feel a bit empty, sitting alone in the kitchen. Lydia had told Sirius at least a dozen times that it didn't matter to her, swearing up and down that she had plenty of things to occupy her when he wasn't around. After all, she worked better when he wasn't there to distract her, and she'd already drafted several new theories for her Arithmancy work. Except that was only true when she wasn't worrying about him, about Remus, about everyone. Lydia couldn't stand all of the waiting. It wasn't like having a bit of uninterrupted time. It was anxious, almost impossible to work in. She poured another shot, wondering if it was madness, leading her to this act. She hated this stuff. Maybe she should put it away and drink something else. But nothing else seemed quite right for how she was feeling. Lydia threw back the shot, reacting far less strongly to this than she had on the first one. She knew that a shot or two later she would be drinking it straight from the bottle, as Sirius did sometimes when he thought she wasn't looking. It was in moments like that where Lydia knew that Sirius was lying to himself about their relationship as much as Lydia was. He knew it was a sham. He knew she was still in love with someone else. He took great pains to keep her, to not let her see how much it hurt him that he would never have her whole heart, but Lydia was perceptive, always had been, and she saw the cracks in his armor. Maybe it should have made her do something, one way or the other, but it didn't. Lydia wasn't the sort to do things, even when she should. Her hand shook a bit as she poured another shot, looking at the amber liquid in the glass and thinking of Remus's eyes, burning with desire. Perhaps, perhaps if she had the nerve to kiss him on Halloween she would have tasted the firewhiskey on his breath, and maybe she wouldn't hate the stuff so much, not on his breath. She leaned back in the chair, throwing back the shot, trying to imagine that she was with Remus. She had half a thought to talk to an imaginary figure of him, but what if Sirius came home to her drunk and talking to a Remus who wasn't real? That wouldn't do. Lydia lifted the bottle to her lips, taking a healthy swig and not even spluttering as she did so, noting the strange shade of the ceiling, how it was a slightly different color from the rest of the room. She wondered why she hadn't noticed before, and began thinking of colors they could repaint the kitchen so that she would not continue to be plagued by this anomaly. Surely she could talk Sirius into repainting the kitchen. She could talk him into just about anything, especially if she had her kit off when she asked. She began to feel uncomfortable with how much she was drinking, so she put away the firewhiskey, taking a potion to sober up a bit before she washed the glass, putting it away just where she'd gotten it from so that Sirius would likely never know that she'd been drinking alone at all. Not that she would care too much if he did find out. Maybe she smelled enough of firewhiskey that he would know anyway. But what would he do about it? Sirius would be quite the hypocrite, she mused, to tell her that she wasn't allowed to drink alone. And anyway, he had told her that she could help herself to whatever she wanted without asking. He hadn't been referring to the liquor cabinet specifically, but Lydia thought it safe to assume that the rule applied. She licked her lips, tasting the burning liquid on them still, glancing around the kitchen for something to do the rest of the time she waited, however long it would be. She knew she would get no sleep while he was away. She decided to sharpen the knives she used for brewing the Healing potions she kept around for Sirius's sake. Brewing was a hobby Sirius couldn't argue with, although she knew it made him a bit uncomfortable because it reminded him that she learned all she knew from Severus, but it had saved his life a time or two. Lydia had nearly finished sharpening all of the knives in her set when she heard the sound of Sirius's motorbike approaching. She didn't get up, didn't put the knives away, didn't even look up from her work. She just kept going on her last knife, which was the dullest. "Lydia?" Sirius said, looking down at what she was doing when he came into the kitchen. "Have you been drinking?" "A little," she said softly, although she had a feeling he could tell it was more than a little. "You're handling knives while drinking?" "I'm just sharpening a few of them, Sirius," she said calmly. "It's not as though I'm throwing them or something." "Put them down," he demanded. She blinked at his tone, doing as he asked and looking up at him, seeing something in his face she'd never seen before. "Why aren't you in bed?" he demanded. "Why are you sharpening knives?" "Because I had nothing else to do," Lydia said, frowning slightly. "I can't sleep when you're not here." His face softened slightly, but there was still something frightening in his eyes. "Are you blaming the Order?" "Blaming?" Lydia repeated, confused. The word tasted strange on her tongue. "I'm not blaming anyone. I don't know what you're talking about." "When I go off on Order business you do stupid, dangerous things," Sirius said. "Are you trying to say you don't want me to fight? Are you trying to keep me around more?" Lydia frowned, utterly confused. "Sirius, I'm just going about my life. I know how important fighting is to you, but yes, I worry about you and Remus, and everyone else in this war." "Remus," Sirius spat, looking around the kitchen angrily. "Remus. Is that it? Would you prefer I left you alone with Remus all the time so you two can just have some kind of affair behind my back? I know you're in love with him, Lydia." Her heart was pounding in her chest. She didn't want to have this conversation. She didn't want to fight with Sirius, either. What would she do if he kicked her out? She would have nowhere else to go, unless she wanted to move in with Lily and James. She couldn't do that, though. She couldn't impose herself on her friends that way, make James choose sides. What sort of a mess had she gotten herself into? Lydia stood, setting aside her knives, trying to keep her face schooled free of fear and anxiety, like she had seen her mother do when her father was starting to get worked up. "I think I'm going to bed," she said softly. "If you can't be reasonable, Sirius, I'm not going to sit around and listen." Rage flashed in his eyes and she walked passed him, fists clenched, ready to lash out if he tried to hit her. She didn't think he would, but she was prepared for anything. Severus's warnings were echoing in her head and she didn't want to end up like her mother. She would not become that desperate. She would be stronger. Sirius followed her into the bedroom, still enraged, but keeping a physical distance, perhaps to keep himself from hitting her. "Lydia, look at me," he demanded. She did so, more out of habit, doing what she was told all the time, than any actual desire to look at him. Everything within her told her to do what she had to do, get away from Sirius for the night, sleep on Lily's couch to see what he would do, how he would react. But that was the unknown, and she didn't want to have to wonder what would happen next. If she stayed here, if she stood her ground, things would sort themselves out. Sirius was not her father. They just stared at each other for a long moment before Lydia realized that he didn't know what to say. Perhaps he was expecting her to say something, to confess something. No matter what, though, she had sworn that she would never tell Sirius she was still in love with Remus. Nothing good could come of it. So she just stared at him, long and hard. Finally, he licked his lips and said, "I reckon I'll sleep at Peter's tonight." Lydia just looked at him, swallowing. Not James? No, if he went to stay with James for the night Lily would have to be contended with, and Lily wouldn't stand for it. Peter likely wouldn't even ask questions. Sirius hesitated, narrowing his eyes as he looked at Lydia, who was trying to decide if there was something she should do. His leaving for the night saved her from having to do it. It was, after all, his house. He would come back eventually. She was basically given a free pass to stay there while he was gone. But she would need to think about what she would do if he didn't decide to make things right when he did come back. Lydia watched as Sirius gathered some things into an overnight bag and he paused at the door, looking back at her, frowning again. "I do love you," he said softly. "But this... I..." She just watched still as he shook his head. She could see the tears glistening in his eyes as he turned to go and she closed her eyes, hearing the motorbike starting, and then growing more and more faint. Lydia closed her eyes and felt a strange wave of emotion pass over her. She got what she wanted, in a way. She knew Sirius was safe, so she could sleep. And she was alone in a way that wasn't waiting for him to come back safe, so perhaps when she woke in the morning she would be able to get some work done. In a trance-like way, she got out of bed, changed into a nightgown, and climbed back into bed, frowning when she realized she could smell Sirius on his pillow. Perhaps she wouldn't get much sleep after all. Lydia moved as far as possible from Sirius's side of the bed, closing her eyes, hoping for some sort of peace. Peace was elusive, however, as a tapping at the window instantly drew her out of her thoughts. She opened her eyes to see an owl laden with a letter tapping insistently on the window pane. "Right," she groaned. "I'm coming." Perhaps it was from Lily or Sirius, something about the fight. She would have to answer, or they might check on her, and then the mess would only get messier. Lydia opened the window and the owl flew in, hopping onto the bedside table as she closed it again. The letter was not from Lily, or even Sirius. Dear Lydia, I don't blame you for not answering my letters. I know you're upset with me for my choices. Sometimes, I'm upset with me too. I should have found a way to make sure I could keep you away from Black. I should have found a way to ensure that even if you weren't speaking with me, you were always going to be safe. Because I'm going mad. I know now, Lily married Potter. The Dark Lord knows as well. The Order isn't very good at keeping its secrets, but you probably knew that. I'm writing because I'm worried about you. Like I said, if you're just not answering my letters, I understand. You have to make the decisions that are right for you. I'm happy you're making decisions, even if they don't include me. But...please answer this one. Just...just let me know you're alive and okay and... And if you are, tell me you're happy. Someone's got to be happy in all this. You deserve for it to be you. And if you change your mind about the dunderheads, Lydia, there's still somewhere warm. You just say the word. -HBP She frowned at the letter. It was sincere. She had never read a letter from Severus so full of fear. She didn't know what he thought had happened to her, but he was actually concerned that she might not be alive. Without a second thought on what to do, she fumbled around her desk for parchment, ink, and a quill, trying to decide what to say, how to organize her thoughts. Especially after what had just happened with Sirius, she had to be very careful what she said to Severus. He was incredibly perceptive, and she worried what he might do. Her eyes grazed the letter again and she began to think about what she would say. Obviously she would tell him she was alive and well. But happy? Was she happy? Lydia closed her eyes and tried to think about what happy looked like, what it felt like. The last time she felt truly, completely happy was when she spent the Christmas alone with Severus, not worrying about their friends and family and politics, but just truly enjoying their companionship. That was worlds away from how she felt in that moment, wondering what Sirius was going to do when he finally came home. "You're wrong, Severus," she sighed, glancing over the letter again. "I don't deserve to be happy." Her mind went straight to the way she had acted when Remus was over, when she had tried to kiss him, in Sirius's kitchen. Sure, she loved Remus, but what kind of person did something like that? It was a horrible betrayal of the man who loved her, the man who took care of her. She deserved to be yelled at the way Sirius had yelled at her. She didn't deserve his love, or happiness. It was possible, actually, that she had lost both. She closed her eyes again, picturing somewhere warmer. It couldn't be too warm, of course, or Severus would complain. Not too much sun. But...perhaps somewhere on the coast, somewhere like Brighton, where she could smell the sea. She and Severus could be friends and just live their lives, him brewing potions and her working on calculations, and everything would be fine. Except it wasn't that simple, and would never be that simple, and she knew it. With a heavy heart, she licked her lips and wrote out her response. Severus, I'm sorry if I worried you needlessly. I am, of course, alive and well. You needn't be concerned. I hope this letter finds you well. -Lydia It made her feel slightly sick to read her letter over and feel the coldness of her own words, but this was the way it had to be. If he got a hint of her unhappiness, Sirius could be in danger, but she didn't want to lie and tell him she was happy. It wasn't Sirius's fault. It was her own fault, and Severus couldn't save her from herself. Lydia wiped some tears from her eyes as she blew the ink dry and folded the letter, sealing it carefully. She attached the letter to the owl and set it off out the window again, closing the window and taking a deep breath. She looked around the bedroom, trying to decide what to do with the letter. Licking her lips, she felt the corners of them turning up at the thought that Severus was so concerned that he would actual risk sending her such a letter just to make certain that she was all right. She would have to burn it. There was no question about that, but...perhaps she didn't have to burn it right away. It could be dealt with in the morning. She cleaned up and picked up the letter gingerly, holding it between her fingers and she crawled back into bed, pulling up the covers. She read it again, and again, and again as she tried to keep her eyes open, remembering the night before seventh year, the night where she and Severus played wizard's chess on her childhood bed. She had been happy, then, too, she mused as her eyes flickered closed. They were too heavy to open again, and Lydia fell asleep on the letter, blissfully forgetting her troubles for a few short hours.
Sirius hadn't stayed away long, but they hadn't really talked with each other. Lydia kept mostly to herself, working until she could no longer work, and then reading until she could no longer read, sleeping until she could no longer sleep, and then staring at the wall to keep from getting in Sirius's way and irritating him. Sooner or later they would have to speak, but Lydia didn't want it to be too soon, for them to say things too hurtful to keep whatever sham they had going. Is that what Lydia wanted, though? Did she want to stay with Sirius? They barely spent time together Christmas morning, but Sirius had given her a look of longing he had been flashing her way for about a week. Lydia had to admit to herself that she wanted to feel better, to make Sirius feel better. But before Sirius or Lydia could say anything he got called off on a mission and gave her a hesitant look before he left. From the sound of things, he would be gone for a week or more, and Lydia went through her Christmas presents alone, trying to decide what to do. She knew when he returned he would want to talk. The question was, what would she say? Lydia jumped at the tapping on the window. It was another owl, and she wondered if Severus was stupid enough to reply to her letter after she had been so cold to him. Still, she rushed to the window, mostly to relieve the owl of the cold air. "Hello," she said, frowning slightly at the small package the owl was carrying, untying it. "What have you got for me here?" The owl cooed, rubbing up against her hand lovingly, and she smiled at it. Severus always did try to find her nice owls. She opened the package to find a letter on top of a small box, so she opened the letter. Dear Lydia, Hopefully, you are free of dunderheads for the moment. I know I probably shouldn't, but it didn't feel right not sending it, and I've had it for a while. I meant to give it to you to celebrate your publication, but... Well, we weren't speaking then. Anyway, Happy Christmas. It won't be quite the same, Christmas without seeing you, but somehow I'll manage. I hope you have a good day, a good New Year, and I hope you wise up and leave that imbecile who doesn't deserve you, but if I can only get two of three, I'll settle for the first two. Don't feel bad about not getting me something. I don't need anything. Your letter was more than enough to sustain me, even though I know it wasn't your warmest. You're alive. That's what matters. -HBP Lydia hesitated, reading over the letter again. She didn't like the tone of it, exactly. It was too sweet for Severus, which meant that he was actually very upset about something. She hadn't thought of it before, but she, too, was feeling the distance between them, and it was suddenly hitting her very hard. With a shaking hand, she opened the box and found in it a small necklace with a tiny diamond on a thin silver strand. It was nothing to the gratuitously expensive crystal pendant Sirius had given her for Christmas before they'd gotten together, but she knew Severus must have been saving for it for ages. He couldn't afford something like this. Tears filled her eyes as she turned it over, unclasping it and putting it on immediately, feeling the cold metal on her skin as she touched the diamond. Lydia looked down at the box that held her gift from Sirius, which was a beautiful set of lingerie that she knew would be uncomfortable, but that Sirius would love her in. She didn't want to say that he was selfish, exactly, but he thought of her in terms of them, instead of necessarily seeing her as her, thinking of who she was before he fell in love with her, thinking of who she was when she wasn't with him. Licking her lips, she frowned. Who was she when she wasn't with Sirius? The scariest thing was, she could hardly remember anymore. The only memories she had of who she was outside of Sirius were things like the chess games and tea with Severus, time spent complaining about James during practice with Mary... She'd lost Mary, and she'd cut herself off from Severus. Lydia touched the cold metal of the necklace and looked around the room. She'd shut herself away in Sirius's house, working on her Arithmancy and playing the housewife, but she and Sirius weren't married. They weren't even able to talk to each other at the moment. So who was she? Acting almost automatically, she stood, walking into the bedroom, changing into a sweater and a pair of comfortable jeans. Then she pulled her hair up into a ponytail and put a bit of makeup on. Not much, just a layer of foundation and a bit of lip balm. She searched the room for her shoes and put them on, trying to decide if she was going to wear a cloak or a Muggle jacket. Lydia's mind flashed back to her childhood street. Jacket it was. It took her ages to find her jacket in her things. She'd not fully unpacked the things she didn't really use. She had already Disapparated before she realized that she hadn't told Severus she was coming. Her hands were shaking as she stood in the alleyway around the corner from her childhood home. What if his father was there? What if...? What if he wasn't? She could hear her heart pounding in her ears as she realized the smart thing would to be to go back to Sirius's house, but the pull to see Severus after so long without being around him was stronger than her good sense. Lydia went out to the street and walked down to Spinner's End. Her hand trembled as she knocked on the door, waiting anxiously, glancing across the street at her house...the house that used to be hers. Before she could do something stupid, like see if the new owners were home, the door to Spinner's End opened and she whipped around to see Severus standing there, black eyes wide as they took in her presence on his doorstep. "Lydia?" he muttered, frowning as he looked her up and down. "You..." His eyes fell on the necklace she was still wearing and he froze, blinking at her. "Happy Christmas, Sev," she whispered, trying not to shiver. She should have put on a heavier jacket, but it had taken her so long just to find this one. "Do you want to come in?" he said, still staring at the necklace. "Tea...?" Lydia hesitated. This was, after all, why she had come. She wanted to spend time with Severus, but... "My parents aren't here," he said stiffly at her lack of answer. Her heart pounded as she looked him in the eye. She didn't want to know if he was responsible for their not being around. She decided not to ask. Lydia followed him in, letting him close the door behind her, and before she realized what she was doing, Lydia wrapped her arms around Severus in a heartfelt hug. He stood there for a moment before hugging her back, a hand on the back of her head, holding her against his chest. "Did Black hurt you?" he asked thickly. "Because if he did..." "No," Lydia sighed. "No, no, Sirius has been very good to me. I've just...missed you." They stood there for a while before he said, "Tea." "Right." Lydia followed him into the kitchen, looking around for signs of his parents, but nothing seemed one way or the other. If he'd killed them, he hadn't moved their things, but if they were still around, and not in the house, why were their shoes and coats and present and accounted for? But again, she decided not to ask. "Here," Severus said, handing her a cup after tapping it with his wand to cool it. "Do you want to talk about...something?" Lydia licked her lips, sitting down on the kitchen counter beside Severus, who had just hoisted himself up. "Not really," Lydia admitted. "I'd rather just...not talk about stuff. If that's all right with you." Severus snorted, sipping his tea for several long moments before he finally said, "How is your research going, then?" "Oh, fine," she replied, grinning. "And your brewing?" He paused. She knew that wasn't really what took up most of his time, but she didn't want to ask about You-Know-Who. She doubted either of them really wanted to go there, especially when he knew she wouldn't join him. "It's been strange," he said softly. "You not living across the street." "What do you mean?" "Well," Severus said with a small laugh, "the new neighbors? They brought food when they moved in." Lydia snorted. "What did they bring?" "A quiche." Lydia found herself laughing so hard she was worried of either spilling her tea or falling off the counter. She tried to picture Severus dealing with some stranger bringing him quiche, trying to decide to do with both the neighbor and the quiche. "Did you eat it?" "Have you ever seen me turn down food?" The mood got suddenly grave and Lydia looked down at her tea, frowning a bit. She wanted to ask if Severus had enough to eat, if his work for You-Know-Who paid better than his father's regular lack-of-job. But she couldn't get the words out. She just looked at the tea, trying to think of something to say that wouldn't make her cry, wouldn't lead to confessing. "Lydia," Severus finally said, "I know you don't like talking about things, but maybe we need to. We've never been able to do this with each other, this hiding things." She sighed, licking her lips, taking a long drink of tea, and avoiding Severus's eyes. "What if I don't want to talk about things?" "Lydia..." She resolved to keep it about her, then, and Lily. "My work is going slower than I'd like," Lydia finally said. "There's always something keeping me from total focus. Either Sirius is there and I feel like I'm being antisocial or he's not and I'm worrying about him." Severus stiffened at the mention of Sirius, but he said nothing, letting her speak. "Have you told him?" "Of course not," Lydia whispered, sloshing the last bits of tea around in her cup. "It's not like there's anything he could do about it." They sat in silence for another long moment, finishing their tea. Lydia knew Severus probably had a dozen retorts, but she was thrilled he was keeping them to himself. "Does he know you're here?" "Mission." "Of course," Severus said softly. "Does he tell you what they are, or does he just run off and leave you alone?" Lydia licked her lips, smiling softly. "He doesn't tell me most of the time, either because he can't or he knows I won't want to know." She smiled up at Severus. "And you know perfectly well I wouldn't tell you if he did." "I wouldn't have asked," Severus replied, obviously amused. "I was simply enquiring..." He froze, poised like a cat with its ears perked up. Lydia frowned. She opened her mouth to ask him what was wrong but he held up his hand and shook his head. "Hide," he hissed. "Be absolutely silent." Lydia's heart began pounding with fear. Was it is father? Death Eaters? Order members come to kill Severus? Aurors to take him to trial? She scrambled into a nearby cupboard, expanding it slightly as she climbed inside so that she didn't displace the pots and pans. She sat as still as possible as she heard the front door open. "I've told you not to drop by unannounced, Lucius." Lydia began to shake a little, but she tried to be completely silent. Lucius Malfoy wasn't someone who would necessarily know who she was on sight, but it wasn't something she particularly wanted to test. "Oh, come, Severus, it's not as if you ever entertain." "For good reason," Severus said coldly. "I do not want my acquaintances to believe they have the right to drop by uninvited." "Oh, come, now, Severus," Lucius said silkily. "We're friends." Lydia fought the urge to laugh. She had known for years that Severus didn't think much of Lucius Malfoy. Of course, he didn't underestimate him, but he wasn't exactly ready to call him a friend. Lucius had his uses, Severus would tell her. That was that. Lydia had long wondered if Slytherins were even able to have friends in their own house, with their mindset. She'd never dared ask, though. She knew it would have come back to some retort about her own friendships. "What do you want, Lucius?" Severus asked as Lucius stepped into the kitchen. There was a pause and Lydia heard footsteps in the kitchen. "Severus, do you have someone else here?" Lucius said slowly. "There's two partially drunk cups of tea." "Not that it's any of your business," Severus said stiffly as Lydia felt her heart race dangerously. "The neighbors brought over a quiche. This is what happens when you don't live in a house that is cloaked." "You could cloak it," Lucius said, his voice full of a sneer. "Lucius, Muggle Studies might have actually benefited you," Severus replied smoothly. "It is illegal to cloak houses in Muggle areas with very, very expensive permits. I do not have the time or money to waste procuring such permits. If it means I get a quiche once in a while and have to share a cup of tea with a dunderhead, well, at least I have my time and gold for more pressing concerns." There was another pause. "Now, what do you want, Lucius? Surely you are not here for some sentimental holiday rubbish." Lydia cringed in the cupboard. "The Dark Lord requires another set of the potion," Lucius said stiffly, sitting in a chair by the sound of the creaking. "And I have come with the information you asked for. My wife's cousin still has his housemate, they are still unmarried, and she is still not pregnant." It took all Lydia had in her not to gasp at this revelation. Severus was using fellow Death Eaters to keep tabs on her. So much for Sirius being the one putting her in danger. If they knew so much about her, they knew who she was and how to use her to get to Sirius. She barely listen to a word they said after that, staring blankly ahead in the dark, maintaining her silence. She was torn between fury and fear, wondering why she had bothered to come at all. Yes, she had missed Severus, yes she had known he was like this, but... There was something in the knowing he was still behaving this irrationally toward her and probably toward Lily that made her want to scream. Lydia clenched her fists to fight the urge. She hardly noticed when the front door closed, signaling Lucius's departure. After several long moments, Severus opened the cupboard door and Lydia blinked at the sudden rush of light hitting her eyes. She didn't look up at him, though, as she squinted to adjust. She didn't want to look at him. She was angry with him. "Lydia," he sighed, "you can come out of there now. I've reheated and recooled your tea." "I don't feel much like tea," Lydia said coldly. "I've remembered...I..." "Don't start blathering on about how you need to be somewhere," Severus snorted, offering a hand to help her out of the cupboard which she begrudgingly accepted. "Don't bother trying to lie to me. You're upset. I thought you might be. But you can't blame me with the little you tell me of your life." "And what do you expect me to do?" Lydia demanded. "Gush in three-sheet letters about every detail of my life and hope you don't do something stupid to my boyfriend?" "Why?" Severus said slyly. "What has he done?" "Nothing!" she cried. "Nothing, Sev. Just... Stop doing this!" "Doing what?" "You know what." Severus sighed, and Lydia thought he might apologize, but he didn't. With that, she snapped. "Happy Christmas, Severus," she said firmly, turning away from him, determined to go back to Sirius right then and there so that he wouldn't miss her. Severus grabbed his wrist and said, "Lydia, don't do something stupid. You know he's not good for you. There's still a chance to leave him and start making good choices." Lydia ripped her wrist out of his hand before he could get a good grip and backed away from him. Severus's eyes were glowing, and she didn't want him to be stupid and do something he regretted. "Severus," she said softly, "I'm going to leave now. Don't follow me. Leave me and Lily alone." "Lydia," he said, his eyes filling with hurt Lydia hadn't seen there since Lily finally rejected him once and for all as her friend. It wasn't what she was trying to do, but if that was what it took for her to get out of there without him making mistakes he would truly regret. "This isn't final, Severus," she said gently as her hand touched the door knob. "But right now... You need to be able to accept my choices, and I need to figure out what I want." He was struggling with himself, she knew, but when she went out and Disapparated, he said nothing, watching her go.
"Happy New Year," said a sheepish voice behind Lydia as she poured some water into the kettle for tea. She turned to find Sirius looking at her with a nervous expression, and she just stared at him, waiting for him to say something, anything. He didn't disappoint. "I was an idiot, Lydia," he finally sighed. "If you wanted to run off with Remus, you wouldn't be here with me, especially when I was such a jerk. I love you. I don't know...I just snapped, and I'm sorry." Guilt twisted her stomach, but she just nodded, shrugging a little. "I'm sorry too," she began, but he cut her off, moving forward, his face brightening with each step. "No," he insisted, reaching out and touching her shoulder hesitantly. "No, you have nothing to be sorry for." She swallowed, feeling his fingers, warm on the outside of her thin sweater, thinking of all the things she needed to tell him. But she just couldn't get the words out. She just looked up at him, at the smile on his face and realized things were better this way, not saying the truth. The truth would only destroy them. "D'you want some tea?" she asked, looking up at him. It struck her again how incredibly attractive he was. "Sure," he said, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Tea would be nice." Lydia felt him wrap both arms around her as she put the kettle on and she got a couple of cups out of the cupboard, feeling her heart begin to race as he pressed a kiss against her neck. Her hands shook slightly as she put tea leaves in the strainer, realizing how strange it was that after ages of hardly even speaking they were back to normal just like that. She finished making the tea and broke away from his hold to put the cups on the table, sitting down and watching him sit beside her, taking his cup and watching her blow on her tea. He smiled. "You know, I'll never understand why you'll never just cool it with your wand," he said happily. Lydia shrugged. It didn't feel right, still, using magic for things she didn't need to. Part of it was remembering her mother, remembering how difficult it made things when someone could see this incredible power they couldn't use. "I guess I don't like feeling like I'm wasting my gifts for something that can happen without it," she said with a shrug, and Sirius frowned, confused. Lydia licked her lips and tried to think of how to explain. "I grew up with a Muggle parent, Sirius. Not Muggle-born. Muggle. She didn't know how magic worked, she just saw that it was this incredible thing she couldn't access. And my father used it to rule her with an iron fist. I guess...I just got used to not using it around her. She was uncomfortable with magic." Sirius nodded, obviously not fully understanding, but he was trying, and Lydia got the sense that he was beginning to see. When they'd finished their tea, Sirius washed the cups quickly with magic and followed her into the bedroom where she was beginning to get her things together for bed. Before she could even change her clothes, though, she turned to see his eyes burning as his hand caressed her shoulder through the sweater once more. "Lydia," he muttered, touching her chin briefly with his free hand before pressing his lips gently to hers. The kiss grew, and Lydia let it. She had forgotten how comforting it felt, to have Sirius seduce her. It had become a part of her daily routine, and then it was gone, so she found herself craving the feel of him against her, without even wanting to pretend he was Remus. "Sirius," she whispered, feeling his hands move to the bottom of her sweater, dipping underneath to touch her skin for a moment before he began to lift it over her head. Lydia could feel her hair flying everywhere with the static, but Sirius wasn't looking at her hair. His eyes were on hers as his fingertips traced her body. "So beautiful," he sighed, pressing his lips to her neck. "I have missed this so much." Sirius reached around and unzipped the skirt and let it fall, pulling her body closer as he kissed her again. Lydia continued to let things happen, feeling his hands on her skin, wrapping her arms around his neck because that was the thing to do. It wasn't long before she was sitting on the bed, watching him undress with his eyes glued to her. There were new scars, she realized, as he peeled off his skirt. His skin was peppered with them. As he climbed onto the bed, hovering over her, Lydia felt the weight of his adoration of her, the weight of her lies. Perhaps she should have said something, but in that moment, everything felt right in spite of the weight. She understood his fury when he came home to find her with the knives, his fury when he'd seen she'd shattered a cup. To him, she was perfect and fragile, something to protect because he saw the damage on everyone else every day, including himself. It was terrifying, being his angel to protect, but it had its rewards. Lydia wouldn't have said the sex was better, exactly, but she thought she appreciated it more as he made love to her. It occurred to her, as they cuddled that night, that perhaps that was what Severus was doing, in keeping tabs on her: he was treating her like the perfect and fragile thing he needed to protect. With Severus she should almost have seen it sooner, as he had been doing it all their years of friendship. And Lydia looked over at Sirius, sleeping with his head against her breast, and she instantly felt guilty for thinking of Severus while he was holding her. She fell asleep before she really had time to dissect her feelings, though, and in the morning things returned to the rhythm they had been in before the fight, Lydia working when she could and working around the house when she couldn't focus. Sirius took on more than his share in the Order, she was sure, but there was no point saying anything about it. Nothing good would come of it, and only fights would result. She'd had enough of fights. Lydia was sitting on the sofa with her notes spread across her lap, trying to find the flaw in her logic with a particular theorem she was developing when there was the sound of knocking at the door, frantic pounding. She rushed to the door and saw James outside. She opened it right away and James helped an injured Sirius inside and immediately began Healing Sirius as she closed and locked the door. "What happened?" she asked, horrified. "An explosion," James said, pulling out his wand and running diagnostic spells. "Sirius is going to be fine. Hold his arms down." Lydia did as she was asked while James did a succession of Healing charms Lydia suspected Lily had taught him. "Benjy," Sirius groaned. "Relax, Sirius," Lydia said, looking down at his panicked face. "Relax. You're safe. You're home." "All Healed," James said, groaning and sitting back away from Sirius on the floor. "Do you have any tea, Lydia?" "I'll make some right now," she said, scrambling to her feet and watching Sirius tremble on the floor for a moment before hurrying into the kitchen. "Benjy," she heard him groan through the door. "Sirius, there wasn't anything you could have done," James said gently. "It's a miracle I got you out of there alive as it was." Lydia tried to calm herself, bringing tea out to find that James was laying Sirius out on the sofa. "Sorry, I had to move your things," James said nervously, gesturing to the Arithmancy notes. "He needs to rest." "Don't worry about it," Lydia assured him, handing him a cup of tea before pressing on into Sirius's shaking hands. "What happened?" The boys exchanged nervous glances. "Benjy Fenwick's dead," James said softly. "They literally blew him up." "I'm sorry?" "One of the Death Eaters," Sirius said darkly, "pointed a wand at him and blew him up." Lydia shivered, taking a step backward. She couldn't imagine what it would be like to see something like that. A row of houses exploding, that was one thing, but to watch a person in front of you literally combust... "I didn't know Benjy Fenwick, I don't think," I said softly. "I can't imagine you would have," James said, watching Sirius sit up to sip his tea. "He was about forty-five." "Kids?" "None, thank Merlin," Sirius sighed. "He was a widower young and never got around to remarrying." Lydia nodded, sitting beside Sirius and letting him rest against her as he looked down at his cup of tea. "Lily's going to come by when they've cleared up the scene," James said quietly, watching Lydia running her fingers comfortingly through Sirius's hair. "I'll let her in. You two don't need to worry about it." "Right," Lydia said, watching Sirius drink a bit more tea. The three of them sat in silence as Lydia tried not to think about what that sort of explosion would look like. There was a knock on the door and James got up to let Lily in, who was also shaking. Lydia made to get up, but James motioned for her to sit down and went into the kitchen to make another cup of tea for Lily, who came in and sat in one of the armchairs. James came back in. "Anything?" Sirius said after Lily had taken a few long drags of her tea. "No," she said softly. "No pieces even big enough to make sure they're him." "Not even a finger?" Lydia asked, frowning. She didn't know why, but somehow the fact that she had said something so morbid made her feel vaguely nauseous. "No," Lily said sadly. "No, there was nothing left. It's really almost a good thing he hasn't got any family left. I would hate to have been Dumbledore, explaining that to a grieved family." The four of them just nodded. There was no sound for a long while but the sipping of tea and Lydia's fingers sifting through Sirius's hair gently. It felt a bit like a wake, in truth. Lydia had never really been to a wake but the ones held for her friends by her friends, but she had always imagined this was what a proper wake would feel like. After a long while of silence, however, Lily and James decided it was time they left Lydia to tend to Sirius alone. Lily kissed Lydia's cheek while James did a few quick charms to keep them from freezing when they Apparated to Godric's Hollow. "I'll come by when the boys do their next night out," Lily said, smiling. "We need a girls' night." Lydia agreed that this was a good idea and watched the Potters go. Sirius was in the kitchen washing the cups when she closed and locked the door. Lydia watched him for a moment, wondering if there was something she should say, but when she began to speak, he cut her off. "I really don't want to talk about it," he said a bit stiffly, turning off the sink and looking at her. "Let's just go to bed, all right?" She frowned slightly at the hard look in his gray eyes, but she nodded, following him to the bedroom. For the first time since they'd stopped fighting, he didn't even try to seduce her, not even trying to kiss her before bed. When he didn't wrap his arms around her, Lydia rested her head on his chest and he moved closer, but that was all. Things hadn't improved much by the time her girls' night with Lily approached. Sirius was seducing her again, but it was clear he had still not fully recovered from watching Benjy Fenwick die. "Are you sure he's all right?" she asked Lily as they watched Sirius take off for his night out with the Marauders. "He's been...off." "I think he'll be better after tonight," Lily said confidently, leading them into the kitchen. Lydia sincerely wanted to believe that her friend was right, because it was getting more than uncomfortable, knowing there was something really wrong with Sirius and that he wouldn't let her in to help him deal with it. The girls made dinner and broke out a bottle of gin, making mixed drinks and sitting around doing their nails. "You know," Lily said, two drinks in, "sometimes I think James asked me to marry him because he was terrified I'd die first." Lydia blinked at her friend. "Lily, that's ridiculous." "I know," Lily admitted with a laugh. "Fear is ridiculous, really, if you think about it. I mean, what's honestly more absurd than the idea of James not wanting to marry me simply because he's in love with me? And even I can't doubt at this point that he really loves me." She closed the nail polish she was using and tapped the little bottle on her knee thoughtfully. "Sirius loves you too, you know." "I know," Lydia said softly, concentrating on her toes intensely. She'd never mastered the easy way of pedicures Lily came by naturally. "Lydia..." "I know he loves me, Lily," she replied softly. "That has never been something I could even possibly question with us. You know that." "Is it Remus?" Lydia looked up at her friend and tried to think of something to say to that. "Maybe a little," she said softly, "but you know as well as I do that ship sailed long ago. To be honest, I'm not sure it was ever really in the harbor." Lydia licked her lips and looked down at her toes again, sticking her tongue out of the corner of her mouth as she brushed a bit of pale blue polish over her pinky nail. "No, I think a lot of the stress with us is that we live such different lives." "What do you mean?" "Well," Lydia said, cocking her head to the side and looking back up at Lily as her polish dried, "I sit around all day and I work on equations he doesn't understand the most basic components of. And then I do housework manually, which drives him crazy. And what does he do?" Lily raised her eyebrows, but Lydia wasn't finished. "He goes out and does Merlin knows what in this war, hurting people and getting hurt and I never know if he's coming home or if he's...he's..." "I know," Lily said softly. "I knew it was going to be hard, the war, but I never really anticipated anything like this." She sighed, watching Lydia wiggle her toes to determine whether or not they were dry. "Do you want another drink?" Lydia nodded and watched her friend mix them more drinks, as if they needed them. "You know, you could settle down too," Lily hinted heavily. "Don't," Lydia sighed. "Lily, please, don't go there. It's bad enough I'm living with so much fear all the time. I don't want to have a ring on my finger and feel the same feelings. It would be so much worse. I don't want to be a widow." Lily frowned at Lydia. It was only part of the truth, but there was no way the redheaded girl could know that. Lydia also knew that her relationship with Sirius was held together by a few thin threads. Her greatest fear in being with him was that if they married, she would become her mother and he would become her father, or his father, and she didn't know which was worse. "Have you to talked about this?" Lily asked softly. "No," Lydia admitted. "I don't know if you noticed, but we don't...talk much, about serious things." It was a measure of how much time they were now spending around Sirius and the Marauders that neither of them even thought of the pun they would have laughed at as young girls. Or perhaps they jut didn't laugh much anymore. "I think you should bring it up sooner rather than later," Lily said, sighing. "Like I said, I think he might be pondering proposal, and if this is really how you feel... Well, I think he would understand, but you want to make sure he knows this before he gets attached to the idea of marrying you." "It's a good point," Lydia muttered, frowning down at her nearly-dry toes. "It's a very good point." "Have you heard from Severus?" Lily then asked abruptly and tightly, in a way that Lydia had to wonder whether or not it was under suspicion of the boys. Lydia hesitated, half wanting to tell Lily because she thought Lily ought to know that he was likely keeping tabs on both of them, even after they'd all gone separate ways. But on the other hand, whatever she told Lily would be told to James, who would be irrational enough on his own. But James couldn't hear something and not tell Sirius. Those two were a full-on mob when it came to Severus. "Not really, know," she sighed. She didn't want to have to lie, not about this, and Lily seemed to sense that the conversation was making Lydia uncomfortable. "Tell you what," Lily said, suddenly bright again. "Let's bake something, surprise the boys when they come back in the morning for us!" Lydia agreed, latching onto any excuse to leave the conversation in the past.
"She was a remarkable woman," Lily said sadly, leading Lydia into the field where the funeral was being held. Lydia tried to focus on Lily's tales about Dorcas Meadowes, but instead she was marveling that someone thought it was a good idea to hold an outdoor funeral in the middle of February. There was still snow on the ground. Sure, people died year round, but Lydia was pretty sure that most of the time loved ones of the deceased were a bit more practical in regards to the weather. "How did she die again?" Lydia muttered, trying to keep the mounting number of Order deaths straight. "Voldemort," Sirius said bitterly as he pulled her against him. They stood at the back. Lydia could feel the snow sucking the heat out of her leg through her boots. "Probably Bellatrix or Lucius, if I had to guess. It was someone very high up, that's for certain." Dorcas Meadowes was a pureblooded witch who had been infiltrating the circles in which Death Eaters were known to travel. She was immensely talented, very pretty, and incredibly wealthy. She'd been, of course, using the wives of Death Eaters to glean information. Pureblooded marriages, the Death Eaters' greatest weakness. The irony was not lost on Lydia, nor was the cautionary tale. Lily was a different matter – she and James were both in the Order. But Sirius had already proven that his judgment where Lydia was concerned, and she knew that sometimes he told her things that he likely shouldn't do. She knew Lily was right. She needed to talk to him and to do it soon. If there was a wall between them, it might make him and all their friends a bit safer, especially if Severus was keeping tabs on her. "Are you okay?" he asked, frowning at Lydia, who had begun to shiver in earnest. "I'm freezing," she hissed back, scowling at his grin as she said this. He simply wrapped his arms around her more tightly and kissed her temple. "It's not funny." "Tell you what," he said softly in her ear. "When we get home I'm going to make us hot chocolate, we're going to enjoy it by the fire, and then I'm going to warm you up properly." Was it okay to mention sex at a funeral, even if it was mentioned in undertones? Maybe especially if it was mentioned in undertones... Lydia could feel the heat pooling in her cheeks and felt Sirius smirking against her. Obviously he had seen. The funeral was uncomfortably long, and Lydia very much got the sense that everyone left wondering why on earth they'd had it all outside. She looked at the grave as they threw dirt and snow in over the casket and she shivered slightly. Sirius hugged her a bit tighter, kissing her temple again, but the shiver was not from the cold. Sirius might not have been at the party where Dorcas had been murdered, her body dropped off at her husband's door as a warning. But somehow it still felt like it could have been him, or James, or Lily, or Remus, or Peter, or... Her mind went back to Remus and she looked up to see him looking at the hole, rubbing red eyes. "Let's go home," Sirius said a bit tightly, and she nodded, taking his hand and letting him Disapparate. He ushered her inside quickly, closing the door sharply behind him, and she braced herself for an explosion. "Hot chocolate, then?" Sirius said brightly. "I'll make it. You go ahead and get the fire going, lovely." Lydia was surprised, but she agreed, quickly starting a fire and stripping off her coat and boots, arranging her hair as she watched the flame. For a moment, she was transported to the bluebell flames Severus had made at Christmas, the one year they were alone at Hogwarts together. She smiled a little to herself, listening to the crackling of the fire and the shuffling of Sirius in the kitchen. When he emerged moments later, it was with two steaming mugs of hot chocolate in hand. "For you, darling," he said, handing her a mug as he sat down. She thanked him, taking the mug in both hands and feeling the slightly uncomfortable warmth hit her freezing fingers, adjusting her hands around the ceramic to keep herself from dropping it. She blew over the top. He hadn't cooled it yet, which meant he was deep in thought about something. Sirius wrapped his free arm around her, pulling her close to him as they watched the fire. Lydia rested her head on his shoulder, waiting for her chocolate to cool while he sipped his. She was afraid to interrupt his thoughts lest they be angry ones about her and Remus, like their big fight. "It's going to get cold if you leave it too long," he whispered in her ear, and Lydia smiled to herself. At least he had calmed down enough to trust himself with speaking. "That's the idea," she said, shifting so she was leaning against his chest, feeling his fingertips trace up underneath her jumper slightly. She knew he was doing it absentmindedly. She bit her lip, not wanting to tell him his fingers were cold and upset him. She could feel the goosebumps raising. If Sirius noticed he either didn't think it was from the cold or he didn't care. Lydia did try to sip her hot chocolate, more because she knew he'd done it for her than anything. It wasn't scalding her tongue, so it wasn't so bad, but it was still a touch warmer than she would like. After a few sips she let it cool a bit more. Politeness did have its bounds. "Do you think I should trim my hair?" Lydia asked weakly. "Lily mentioned the other day that it was looking a bit...uneven I guess." But Sirius wasn't listening. "Did you see Dorcas's husband?" he said softly. "He was..." "It would have to be hard," Lydia said, looking down at her toes, which were stretching in her socks to be warmed by the fire. "Loosing someone you thought you were going to spend the rest of your life with." "Widowed." Lydia frowned a little, looking at Sirius's thoughtful face. This was the moment. This was what Lily was talking about. She needed to say it now or there might not be another time. "I don't want to be widowed," Lydia whispered. "I think it would be worse that way, having a ring and a promise and then being alone anyway. It's hard enough the way things already are." Sirius licked his lips and looked at her, searching her face for something for a moment before he said, "You know, when I would draw you in class, sometimes, I would think about what our children might look like." Her stomach dropped slightly. "But...things are so different right now. You're right, it's hard enough just knowing that if I didn't come back... You would be here alone. I don't want you to be alone." "I've been alone before," Lydia pointed out. "I'd be all right." "You shouldn't have to be," Sirius said, frowning. Lydia knew she hadn't really been alone before. She'd had Severus, and if there had been some sort of emergency, she had the Evans's very close by. But she knew it wouldn't do any good to mention Severus. This was an important conversation, and she needed it to go perfectly. She didn't want this to end up like dating Sirius because his friends walked in on them having sex and Sirius made the decision. The last thing she wanted was to blink and have a ring on her finger at this point. "I also don't want you to give up fighting," Lydia said softly, and Sirius watched her, expression unchanged, as she searched his eyes for some sign that this was going in the right direction. "This war is important. We've lost so many friends to it, and we're only going to lose more. They need you fighting, and I think you need to fight." "I don't need to fight," Sirius argued. Lydia grinned a little. "What would you do if you didn't have the Order all the time, Sirius?" "I don't know, I could help you with your work, I guess." She actually laughed at that. Sirius didn't understand anything she did and they both knew it. He never listened when she explained her work. "Sirius, you need to fight. And that's fine! But you need to work and I can't be a widow. Maybe when I'm Dumbledore's age, being a widow wouldn't be so bad, but we're still practically children." Sirius bit his lip and nodded looking down before he said, "I do want to marry you, though." Lydia gripped at her hot chocolate praying this wasn't going to lead to a proposal. She knew she couldn't say no if he looked at her with this pathetic face he had on. It just wouldn't happen. "But," he finally said with a sigh, "I guess you're right that right now isn't really the time for it." It was all she could do not to breathe a sigh of relief. "There's no guarantee how long this war will last, though," Sirius said, brightening a little bit. "And if we do want kids... Well, how about if we get to the point where we're winning..." This was just too much. First weddings, now children... Lydia could feel the room around her spinning slightly and her stomach turning uncomfortably. If he'd really been looking at rings, Severus probably knew about it. Perhaps this was why he'd pressed so much for her to leave when she'd shown up at his house on Christmas. But this was beginning to feel like a long-term proposal, in spite of the fact that she'd been trying to push away the idea of marriage. "No," she said gently, pushing away from him slightly and frowning. "No promises, Sirius, not conditional or otherwise." "All right," he said slowly. "But...why?" Lydia looked down at the hot chocolate in her cup and said, "The promises are just like a ring, Sirius. They're an expectation of a rest-of-our-lives, and I can't do that. I can't. I won't be a widow." There was more too it, of course, but she couldn't say it out loud until she summoned the courage, and it was taking all she had to hold this conversation in the first place. She looked up at him slowly, seeing a bit of hurt but finally some understanding in his eyes. "Right," he sighed, smiling with forced lips, kissing her temple. "Right, no marriage, then. No talk of marriage. No talk of anything like it until we feel the time is right. No promises." He didn't like it. Any fool could have seen that, but Lydia knew that in spite of not wanting to hurt him, it was better to make him hurt a bit now than to have to hurt him so much more later. They finished their hot chocolate in virtual silence. The fire began burning lower. "I've promised Mad-Eye I'll check on a few things for him," Sirius said, kissing her jaw. "Nothing dangerous, just going to headquarters and sifting through papers, sending him a report. But I don't know how long I'll be. Do you need anything while I'm out?" "No, I'm fine," Lydia said softly, taking the empty mugs as they stood up, watching the fire burn out. "Any rough time you think you'll be back, or is it sort of unknowable?" "I'll be back by bedtime, certainly," he said with a smile. "I imagine that'll give you plenty of time to get some work done." As soon as Sirius left, Lydia quickly washed the mugs, straightened up the small mess Sirius had left in the kitchen from making the hot chocolate, and made a quick cup of tea. Then she went to the make-shift study she'd set up for herself in the spare bedroom and began organizing her notes for a day of work. She had just set down her tea to search for her favorite inkwell when there was a tapping on the window. Lydia frowned at the owl begging entry. "Can't be Sirius," she told herself. "He's only just left." Lydia let in the owl. It careened into the room, eager for attention, holding out its leg proudly. Lydia took the letter, kissed the owl's feathered head and said, "Well, now, who are you from?" But she didn't really need to ask as the owl cooed sweetly. She barely needed to look at the spiky handwriting on the front of the letter, spelling out her name. Lydia, Once again, I am sorry for offending you on Christmas, but it's been nearly two months. Hopefully your anger has softened. I realize it was wrong of me to use such resources in such a way, but I worry about you, and not hearing from you... I do not wish to make excuses. I merely ask that you understand that I did it for the right reasons, if perhaps it was the wrong thing to do. I still worry about you. I expect you were at the funeral today. I hope you haven't caught cold because of the stupidity of your acquaintances in arranging such events. Dorcas Meadowes was a good woman. I knew her, briefly at any rate. I actually saw her die. The Dark Lord did it himself. It might please you a bit, or perhaps comfort you, to know, that she died peacefully. There was no torturing beforehand, and it was a simple Killing Curse. I suspect he had some respect for her, taking such risks as she did, facing her death with bravery. At any rate, I'm sorry for the stupidity of the funeral, I apologize again for my behavior, and I do hope I hear from you, if not right now than later on, when you are feeling less upset with me. -HBP Her eyes scanned the letter a second time, letting all the words sink in. It was always a sign of true contrition when Severus apologized, and she knew she had to take it as he said it. He knew he'd upset her, he regretted it, and he seemed to know that his behavior was wrong. But he made no promises to change the behavior, and made some measure of a plea for understanding. What was there to understand? She could forgive him, but if he just kept doing it? Oh, but Lydia knew she could not stay mad at Severus. She rubbed her eyes. She got the feeling that he hadn't actually been standing in the shadows somewhere at the funeral. If he had, he would have mentioned something about how someone looked, in order to let her know. But this news about You-Know-Who killing Dorcas directly disturbed Lydia. She wanted to take comfort in the fact that the woman didn't suffer, but all she could think of was Remus or Sirius being at You-Know-Who's mercy, and there being nothing she could do. She rubbed her eyes harder and inhaled a shaky breath. Bravery. Lydia didn't see much point in bravery. What good did it do, being brave? Dorcas Meadowes was still dead, and You-Know-Who was still alive. The owl cooed at her fingers, looking equally for attention and some sort of acknowledgment on whether or not a reply would be sent. Lydia tried to decide if Severus had told the owl to wait for a response. "I don't think I'll write a response," she said, feeling her stomach twist a bit at this. "But would you like something to drink before you go?" The owl cooed again happily in response, so Lydia took her into the kitchen and prepared a bit of food and water for her. When the owl left, Lydia turned over the letter in her hand once more, wiping her watering eyes before setting it aflame. There could be no risking Sirius seeing this, not once things were getting better between them, not now that they had reached a sort of understanding. She took a deep breath, cleaned up the mess left by the fire, and turned back to her work, trying to concentrate and get a bit of computational crunching done before Sirius came home. She was accomplishing little, though, and gave up after a few hours, deciding instead to focus on dinner. Lydia cleaned up her workspace and put her things in order for the next day before going into the kitchen, boiling a pot of water for noodles, and beginning to slice an onion. She'd just finished dicing when she heard Sirius's motorbike and she wiped her eyes, cleaning the knife, and moving on to a tomato. He came in and kissed her on the cheek, frowning. "Have you been crying?" "No, just the onions," she admitted, focusing on the tomato as he kissed her neck. "How did your...thing go?" "Fine," he said brightly, kissing her neck again. "What are you making?" "Spaghetti," she said, closing her eyes and putting down the knife, feeling Sirius's lips on her neck and trying to focus on the feeling instead of all the chaos raging in her mind since she got that letter. "Figured it was simple." "It sounds delicious," he said, kissing her cheek and moving to get out plates. "Is there something I can do?" Lydia blinked, looking up at him in surprise. "Sure," she finally said. "Why...why don't you make a salad and get the table ready? I should have the sauce done in half an hour." A/N: This chapter is dedicated to faithful reader and reviewer, The Yoshinator. Thanks for your regular insights and kind words! -C
"What happened?" Lydia cried, horrified, helping Lily and Sirius get James onto the sofa. "They've scrambled his insides," Lily said, hands shaking, her voice tight. "This is going to require quick, talented Healing." "I'll go raid our potion stash, see if there's anything useful," Sirius mumbled, rushing off to the pantry. "Is there anything you need me to brew while you care for him?" Lydia asked, frowning. "I'll brew," Lily said, still shaking. "You Heal." Lydia's jaw dropped. "But, Lily..." "There's a reason surgeons don't operate on their family, Lydia," Lily cried, voice breaking. "I can't do this. Please." But Lily had already left the room and there really wasn't a lot of time to waste arguing. Lydia turned back to James, who whimpered in pain. "Relax," she said gently, glad that at least there wasn't any blood. She ran a quick scan of him with her wand, holding his hand as he grasped tightly, his fingers nearly crushing her. "Well," she sighed, "at least I can restore your intestines while we're sitting here." She did the spell quickly and did another scan. "Sirius, hurry up!" she called. Sirius rushed in a few minutes later with several potions in his arms, tossing them into the armchair for Lydia to sort through. "Sort him out as best as you can while I sort out these and make a list of things for Lily to brew," Lydia ordered him, noting out of the corner of her eye that Sirius was not handling things very well. "How?" Sirius cried. "You know how to move organs," Lydia sighed. "We had to do it with cats, remember?" "Right," Sirius muttered, pulling out his wand and getting to work while Lydia did her work. She rushed the list back to Lily, who was staring at Lydia's cauldron with a blank expression. "Lily?" she said, and her red-haired friend jumped, looking up with her big green eyes. "Sirius is fixing him up. I've made a list of restorative potions he'll need. Are you sure you don't want me to make it? You look...out of sorts." "No," Lily said hoarsely. "No, I need... I need to do this. He's my husband. He..." "He'll be fine," Lydia said, touching her friend's arm and setting the list down. "He's going to be just fine. I promise." Lydia watched Lily panic for a brief moment before she went into work-mode and began automatically scanning the list before her and beginning preparation of the potions listed. Lydia licked her lips and watched for a moment before returning to the boys, to find Sirius sitting on the floor, shaking, head in his hands. "Hello, boys," she said softly, not wanting to startle them. "Lily's started on the potions. Let me just..." She fed the only restorative potion they had on hand to a barely conscious James and said, "That's all we can do for now. He's stable, he'll fall asleep, and we can feed him the rest of the potions and monitor him. Let's get some tea, Sirius." Lydia had to virtually lift Sirius off the ground, coaxing him into the kitchen, putting the kettle on. "I'm not going to ask what happened," she said softly. "I don't want to know, but your best friend is going to be fine, Sirius. He's not dying. He's going to be just fine. Lily could brew those potions in her sleep, and even without them, he'd survive in enough time to get him to hospital or Dumbledore or someone." "Right," Sirius said, shaking, dropping into a chair. "I just...he's all I have, Lydia. You, and him. That's all I have in the way of family, and I..." Lydia took a step back, frowning slightly. In a way, she knew what he meant. He saw the Potters as family, and obviously they lived together so she was basically at the family level. But after their talk a month ago about not making commitments and getting married... "He's going to be okay," she repeated, keeping her voice as firm as possible. "And you need to stop panicking. Now, I'm going to go help Lily with the potions, and you're going to drink tea, and by the time I get back, I expect you to be calmed down or I'm going to give you something. All right?" Sirius nodded, and Lydia went back to Lily, who was just finishing the last of the potions. "I hope they're all okay," she said, her hands suddenly beginning to shake again. "They look right, but..." Lydia inspected each in turn. "They're fine," she assured her friend. "Take a Calming Draught and let's go feed them to your husband." They went out to James, who was dozing on the sofa, and Lydia gently woke him while Lily began to pour the potions down his throat, saying soothing things to keep him from panicking as he woke. When they had gotten all the potions in him, Lily hugged James's sleepy form to her and began to cry. Lydia gave them several minutes to calm down and then said, "You need to get him to Dumbledore to finish the Healing process, before the potions wear off, but he's going to be fine." "Thank you," Lily choked. "Thank you so much, Lydia." "Of course," Lydia said, kissing her friend's cheek as she helped them to the door. "Anything you need. You know that." When the Potters were safely on their way, Lydia took a deep breath, calming herself, trying to decide if she should take something before going to see Sirius. She decided against it. She wanted to face him without anything in her system, without needing some sort of added courage. She was a Gryffindor, after all. Surely she could handle this. Sirius was sitting, staring off at nothing, when she entered the kitchen, with a half-full cup of tea steaming in front of him. "James is off to Dumbledore," she sighed, sitting down next to him, watching his face carefully. "He was conscious and his color was coming back to normal, so I think his liver at least is properly in place." She licked her lips, but Sirius still said nothing. "Lily took something before she left, so he should arrive in one piece as well." "I should be with him," Sirius said hollowly. "I should go and be with him." "It won't do any good," Lydia reasoned. "You'd only be in the way, and you'd hate being so close and not being useful." "Don't," he said, glaring at his tea. "Don't tell me..." Lydia raised her eyebrows, but he wasn't looking at her, still. "I should go," he muttered, getting to his feet. "What about me?" Lydia said in a small voice. "What about you?" he snarled. "James could be dying, and-" "James is fine!" Lydia snapped, shocked at the sound of her voice. She blinked up at Sirius, who turned and blinked at her outburst. "James is going to be fine," she repeated, calming herself actively. "You need to stay here." "You don't understand," he said, standing. "You don't have anyone, anyone at all, where if they were dying, even if they weren't dying anymore, that you would be nothing without them. You don't love me like that, and Remus..." He trailed off, tears filling his eyes and Lydia just looked at him, unsure of what to say. If Lily were dying, if Severus... She felt her throat closing and she looked at the ground, unable to face Sirius's piercing, tear-filled gray eyes. "I need to go," he said harshly. Lydia shook her head, knowing that it would do no good, and would only be harder for him. "What even happened?" she demanded, trying to stall him so she could make him see sense. "There was a raid," Sirius said, looking at her, frowning slightly. "I saw the curse my cousin shot at him. I dove to push him out of the way, but my reflexes weren't quick enough and it hit him anyway. That's all I can tell you." She just stared at him for a moment before saying softly, "So you feel guilty." Sirius tensed, looking away from her, and she knew she was on the right track. "Sirius, don't you think Bellatrix should be the one who ought to feel guilty, for casting the spell?" "She won't." "But you shouldn't," Lydia pressed. "You did nothing but the best you can do. What is there to feel guilty about that?" "You don't understand," Sirius snapped. "When my best isn't good enough, Lydia, people die. James or Lily or Peter, or even Remus. People die." "Why are you the ones out there, fighting, getting your organs scrambled?" Lydia asked, still trying to distract Sirius, but also voicing things she'd been thinking for a very long time. "We're still practically children, Sirius. I don't think it's fair of Dumbledore to ask this of you." "What are you trying to say?" he demanded. "That I shouldn't be fighting? That I shouldn't be in the Order? There is no one else, Lydia. Think of how many funerals we've been to. There aren't enough resources that I can afford to just not fight." Lydia shook her head. "If you rush into the fray, if you're constantly this involved," she said, urgently, "you're going to get hurt, maybe even killed, Sirius. Pushing James out of the way was a noble, Gryffindor thing to do, but it could have been you whose insides we were rearranging." "You think I don't know that?" he snapped. "Would you prefer me to be a Slytherin like Snivellus and attack from the shadows? Would you prefer I just let my friend die? What is this about, Lydia? What is it really about?" She was reeling, trying to organize herself, trying to think of the answer to his question. Because the truth was, she really didn't know. She hadn't wanted to hit him with all of this, not before she had time to sit down and arrange all of her thoughts and feelings about the war into some kind of cohesive point. This was precisely why. She didn't know what to say. "I don't know," she said softly. "I'm just... I haven't had a chance... Sirius, it scares me, sitting here alone. I can't sleep when you're gone. I can't really get work done, and if I know everyone's at the same raid or something... I really can't do much but clean. It's why I compulsively do the dishes." Sirius shook his head, resting his hand against the kitchen table, leaning forward on it, looking like he was thinking very hard about something. Lydia had said before that she wouldn't ask him to stop his work for the Order, but she felt as though that was basically what she had just done. She felt as though she ought to say something, either enforcing or retracting this position, but she couldn't get words out at all. "James needs me," Sirius said softly. "The Order needs me. If you can't work or sleep for a few hours, well, at least I know you're not dying." Her mind flitted to Severus putting surveillance on her and she wondered how easy it would be for a Death Eater to break through the wards, to kidnap or kill or torture her while Sirius was away, for no reason other than she lived in his house and he obviously cared about her. She licked her lips and decided she ought to tell Sirius about Severus's interest in her, even to ensure that one of the other Death Eaters wouldn't get ideas. Before she had a chance, though, there was frantic knocking at the door and Sirius rushed to answer. Lydia felt her heart racing, hoping it wasn't something serious about James. She would hate to have been so wrong about something she had been so sure of. To her surprise, though, Remus came forward into the room, careening toward the kitchen table. "James sent me," he said anxiously. "He wanted you to know he's fine and he wants you to stay here. He'll come by in the morning when he was feeling better, and that he doesn't want you to worry." He turned to look at Sirius and his eyes brightened slightly when he saw Lydia standing there. He seemed to catch himself, however, and he turned back to Sirius. "That's what I told you, Sirius," Lydia said gently, but Sirius shook his head. "Tea, Remus?" "Yes, please." Lydia narrowed her eyes, wondering what was going on. She played along, though, sitting back in her chair, beside Remus, watching him fidget while Sirius made him a quick cup of tea. Remus had never been a fidgeter. Sometimes he would play with the pages of his book while he read, but only when he was close to a full moon. And there were no books, and the full moon was more than a week away. "Here," Sirius said softly, putting the tea in front of Remus, who anxiously picked up the cup. "Were you there when Dumbledore patched him up entirely?" "N-no," Remus admitted. "I left the room." No doubt Lily had been calm enough to stay in the room, as she had taken the Calming Draught before she transported James. "You're sure he's all right, though?" Sirius pressed. "He really is and he's not just saying it to keep me from worrying?" "Dumbledore himself said Lydia did a fine job," Remus said, smiling a little as he said it, glancing over at her. "Sirius did the spells," Lydia said, frowning down at her fingers. There was something wrong with Remus, and she was sure the only reason Sirius wasn't saying anything about it was that he was so upset about James that he couldn't sense it. But Lydia knew Remus like the back of her hand. Something was very, very off. Remus didn't stay too much longer. He had to get back to headquarters as soon as he finished tea, something to do with Dumbledore. As soon as he got up to leave, he hugged Lydia, something he hadn't done in ages, and for a moment her heart began to speed up, and she breathed in the scent of him, thrilled that he was holding her, even if he was letting go of her a moment later and shaking Sirius's hand, ignoring Sirius's narrowed eyes and set jaw. "I'll see you later." "Did he seem off to you?" Lydia asked when Sirius returned from locking the door behind Remus. "Like, more off then I'd seen him in a long time." Sirius sighed, almost out of relief for a moment, as if he had been worried that something had happened that would make her want to leave him based on that hug, or that visit. Then he said, "You're right, and it's not just now. He's been acting strange all week. I really don't know what's gotten into him. I was going to meet up with him today, but then the raid happen, and then..." Lydia nodded, licked her lips, and said, "He was fidgety. Do you want tea?" "Sure," he sighed, sinking into a chair and rubbing his eyes. "Fidgety. You're right about that. It might be something about this mission Dumbledore has him on. He's not talking to any of us about it. Very top-secret. He's not the only one with a mission like it, but he's the one that's been acting strangely." "Maybe something strange is going on in the mission?" Lydia offered, putting the tea forward. "Something they hadn't anticipated?" "It's possible," Sirius said with a shrug. "Anyway, whatever has him worked up, I'm hoping its temporary. It's hard, dealing with people in a secret organization when they're acting loopy like this." Lydia frowned a little, thinking of Remus's arms around her. She was fairly certain that he was at least a little bit upset because of that hug, if nothing else. Her heart was still racing, and she decided to pour herself some tea, turning her back to Sirius, feeling him watching her. She closed her eyes. This was only going to get harder, and she knew it. With every injury, every death, she would only feel more acutely the distance between her and Sirius. "I think we should go to bed early tonight," he said softly. "I'm not feeling like I could get a lot accomplished today." Lydia thought about a retort on how he didn't really accomplish much of anything anyway, but it felt a bit insensitive, given what he'd gone through that afternoon. She turned and nodded, blowing on the surface of her tea as he watched her. His gray eyes did not contain the heat she expected. Perhaps it was their fight earlier. "Are you all right?" she asked nervously. She didn't really know if she wanted to know the answer. "I don't know," he said, frowning slightly at her. "I'll let you know when I... Well, anyway, how long until that tea is cool enough for you to drink?" Lydia shrugged. "I'm going to bed. Join me when you're done." Her eyes followed him out of the room, and that was how she knew without a doubt that something was wrong with him. It was the first time since they'd made up that they hadn't made love before bed, and she knew from the tone of his voice that it wouldn't be within her power to change his mood tonight. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to loyal reader and reviewer, Missing Triforce, whose string of catch-up reviews got this chapter through to the finish line. Thanks, dear! -C
Sirius had been tense for days, and he wasn't saying what it was that was going on, but he came back on a Tuesday morning and sank into the sofa, staring straight ahead. "Are you all right?" Lydia asked, sitting down beside him, touching his face. "You look like you've seen a ghost." She was afraid to know what he would say. She was worried someone might be dead, someone they really cared about, but she needed to know what was wrong with him or she wouldn't sleep at all, either. "Order stuff," he said softly, leaning in to her touch but still staring at nothing. Lydia sighed. She knew he was hiding behind the supposed secrecy of the Order, trying to keep from talking about whatever was paining him. But Lydia knew Sirius. She knew how to get his attention, even if her heart wasn't in it, and she needed his attention. If someone she loved was hurt or dead, she needed to know now. Lydia crawled onto Sirius's lap, moving her eyes right in the way of his distant spot he was staring at. He blinked at her for a moment. His hands were moving instinctively to her waist. Lydia watched him swallow as his eyes focused on her, and he seemed to be undergoing some sort of internal battle. "Are you going to tell me?" she whispered. "Or is this something so big you can't even bring yourself to let me know? Is it Lily? Is something wrong with Lily or James or someone we know?" Sirius's hands continued to twitch at her waist, and he was leaning forward. "No one you know," he muttered, his eyes glued to her lips. "Order member. He's missing. Has been for a few days now." "Tell me a name," Lydia said as he leaned in for a kiss, "or you're not getting a kiss." He groaned, obviously not pleased with her decision. Or at least, that's what Lydia thought. "I like you like this," he whispered. "It's incredibly sexy." Lydia had to admit to herself, the power she held over Sirius in that moment was more electrifying and arousing than every seduction technique he'd ever used on her. "A name," she said firmly, backing away just a hint from his lips. "Caradoc," Sirius breathed. "Caradoc Dearborn." Lydia barely thought about it as Sirius then pulled her close against him, kissing her with surprising gentleness, and then she realized he was waiting for her to push the kiss forward. She had taken the initiative, and now he was waiting for her to keep moving this on her own speed. She began to internally panic, but her lips seemed to know what to do, parting his and feeling his breath mingling with hers. Sirius's hands were roaming up her back, his arms still holding her tight against him, and she let her arms snake around his neck comfortably. That was the thing about Sirius. Everything about him was so comfortable. They had been together for long enough now that they knew every bit about each other. Sirius was just moving to turn her onto her back on the sofa and climb on top of her when it hit Lydia, though, that someone was missing. Missing, for days. She pushed him back slightly as he descended in order to kiss her again and he frowned slightly. "Missing?" she said, realizing her voice was full of nerves. Sirius's eyes darkened again. "Yes," he said slowly. "Missing. Can I kiss you again?" Lydia shook her head, not paying attention as he groaned with disappointment. Someone named Caradoc Dearborn had basically disappeared right under the nose of the Order. How much did Dumbledore really do for people? Were the Order members actually safe at all? "Was he doing something dangerous?" she asked as Sirius began kissing down her neck, obviously trying to get her back in the mood. "Probably." "Did you get any sort of distress signal or something?" Sirius snorted as he slowly unbuttoned her blouse. "This isn't a Muggle spy film, Lydia." She smiled to herself, imagining herself in a Muggle spy film for a moment. Sirius had a fair amount in common with James Bond, if she thought about it just right. Handsome, a bit wild, fighting the forces of evil... Did that make her Vesper? Or just another Bond girl? No, she was definitely Vesper, she thought, and she smirked a bit to herself as she felt his lips trace the valley between her breasts, his hands working under her blouse, trying to find her bra clasp. "It's not going to happen to you, though, right?" He looked up at her with his eyes lighting up with every moment of looking at her, and Lydia felt instantly guilty. He took it as some sort of declaration of love or something, that she didn't want him to disappear. But she could just picture herself, unable to sleep or work for days, because she didn't know where he was, when he was coming home, if he was coming home... "I'm not going to disappear," he said, finally unclasping her bra and pulling it down over her breasts. "I promise." Lydia smiled to herself as he he began rewarding her for the not-actual-declaration-of-love, looking up at the ceiling, just feeling things him as she wrapped her legs around him. An alarm went off in the next room and she began to frown, looking up at Sirius, who had frozen with his mouth on her breast. He then groaned and sat up a bit, looking down at her apologetically. "Order business," he said, kissing her cheek. "I'll be back by dinner. I'll be with Lily. Do you want me to pick up anything while I'm out?" Lydia shook her head, sitting up as he climbed off her, pulling her bra straight. As she had begun to notice as a pattern, Sirius left while she was buttoning up her blouse and she heard not five minutes later the sound of tapping at the window. Before she even got to the window, she knew who the owl was from. And her noticing of the regularly impeccable timing of Severus's letters meant that he was still watching her, or having someone watch her, or whatever it was he was doing. Still, she took the letter from the owl, who was fed and watered while she turned the parchment over in her hand, wondering what sort of letter this one would be. Just from the weight of it in her hands, Lydia felt that this couldn't be some sort of apology, but it did feel important. She knew it was silly, but her hands shook a bit as she opened the seal, looking down at the letter. Lydia, I am writing to you because I have no one else to turn to and I need to talk about this. You don't have to respond. I rather wish you wouldn't, especially when I know what you'll say. I had to kill a man this morning. As you may have guessed, I've done it before, but somehow this felt different to me. We'd tortured him for days, to the point where any reasonable man would have broken long before. He kept his mind expertly guarded from the Dark Lord, who is the most talented Legilimens I have ever met. Dearborn did not break for a moment. It was...terrifying. I only tell you this because you did not know the victim. But... It seemed strange to kill him when there was still information he had that we would never earn by his death. The Dark Lord went on a rage. Perhaps he will wish he hadn't come the morning, but... Lydia, this was one of their top operatives. And I had to watch him be captured where he thought he was safest, tortured to near insanity for information we will never gain, and then kill him. At least he died a painless death. Forgive me, but I do worry about you. The things I know... Well, I don't want to make you panic, but you need to watch yourself, watch Black, and take care of yourself in spite of him. Do not rely on him or the Order for protection, because clearly they are not capable of keeping you safe. Remember the things I taught you, and use everything you know if they come for you. I don't know that they will. There are no current plans to do so, but if Black carries on as he is, that might change, and while I will do everything to protect you, there is only so much within my power. Stay safe. Burn this. Please don't be a fool. -HBP She set down the letter, glancing over at the revived owl through tear-filled eyes. Lydia took a moment to usher the owl back out of the house, clean up after it, and close the window before settling down to reread the letter once more. Licking her lips, she tried to fight the tears. Obviously, Severus thought if she didn't see the body and didn't know the person that it wouldn't bother her, but then he went and mentioned Sirius. Perhaps he wouldn't have known that it would bother her so much, to think of what had happened to this Order member she'd just heard all about, but her whole body began to shake as she went to light the letter on fire. If he had known how upset it would make her to hear about the death of Caradoc, he wouldn't have sent the letter. He might have still written it, if he truly needed to talk about it as he said he did, but he wouldn't have sent it to her. Lydia, not feeling up to even cleaning dishes that were already clean, removed the mess left by the incinerated letter, and went to the bed she shared with Sirius, crawling into it and pulling up the covers. She curled up in a ball and closed her eyes, but she was too wired to sleep. She merely thought of what she was going to say to Sirius. She couldn't tell him about Caradoc being dead, even though she knew the Order may never get closure on him. Perhaps she should ask if he had a family and decide what to do if he did. If he didn't... But Sirius would wonder what was wrong with her. Maybe she could say she was ill and had taken something but it would make her...sluggish? Side effects... Sirius was too smart for that. She licked her lips and sighed. There had to be some sort of solution for when he started asking questions. Lydia curled up into a bit of a ball, closing her eyes a bit more tightly, trying to think about some sort of plan, something to say to Sirius when he got home. When was he getting home? Dinner. She groaned, pulling herself reluctantly out of bed again, thinking what she could possibly make on such short notice. Chicken. Did they have any chicken? Well, she was hoping they did, and if they didn't she was going to have to use some clever cooking charms and get the job done. She managed to get herself out to the kitchen, going through the things she would need for dinner, preparing the chicken as quickly as possible before beginning to cook it. She licked her lips, putting her hair up a bit to put together things for the salad she decided to make while the chicken was cooking. It took about twenty minutes, but she managed to get the chicken cooked the way she wanted with minimal charms, and the salad turned out decently. She had just begun pouring some wine when she heard the front door open. "Sirius?" she called. "I'm in the kitchen!" "We need you out here," Sirius said, calling back with strain in his voice. Lydia dropped the spoon she'd been about to put into the salad and he hurried out to the sofa, seeing Sirius putting an unconscious Lily on it, and she thought of James the month before, lying on the sofa, dying. "What is it?" she asked, suddenly terrified. "What happened to her?" "She's lost a lot of blood," Sirius said. "I need blood replenishing potions and I need them now. I'm trying to Heal the gash, but there's only so much I can do." Lydia nodded, rushing to get the potions he'd asked for, feeling her body trembling as she thought of what might happen if they couldn't get the would to heal. She couldn't lose Lily. Suddenly, she understood why Sirius and Lily were shutting down when James was hurt. What would she do if Lily was gone? What would she have left? She gathered up their stock of blood replenishing potions, which was lower than she would have liked, and then she rushed back out to the sofa and scanned Lily, deciding how to dose her. "She's not Healing," Sirius said, frustrated. Lydia handed him the potions. "Give her a vial and a half," she ordered, looking down at the wound. Lydia didn't have to ask what he'd tried. She knew. But unlike Sirius, Lydia had seen this particular wound before. "Could you get her some water as well, Sirius?" Lydia asked softly, trying to keep her voice from shaking, hoping he would mistake her fear of him knowing what she knew for the fear for Lily's life, which was equally real to her in that moment. "And some dittany!" she called, thinking of the scarring, and what Severus had told her when he'd tested his spell on his own arm, to her horror. It all felt like so long ago. Lydia took a deep breath, fighting tears, focusing her energy on the healing spell Severus had taught her. "Vulnera sanentur," she whispered, watching the blood flow ease at the words. She checked the blood loss again and gave Lily a very small dose of the replenishing potion before continuing. "Vulnera sanentur." Lydia's hands were shaking, but all the same the wound knit together before her eyes, although there was still significant damage to address. She tried to calm herself, sucking in another breath, steadying herself. "Vulnera sanentur." She could almost hear Severus's smooth, baritone voice echoing the words in her mind, in a murmur. The spell had done all it could do. Sirius rushed back in, using a bit of the water to clean around the newly Healed wound for Lydia. He then began carefully pouring the water into Lily's mouth while Lydia applied the dittany he'd set on the floor. "What did you use?" Sirius asked, glancing at the closed wound, clearly impressed. "Something…something for Dark Magic," she whispered, not meeting his eyes. "That's what it was. A Dark Curse." Sirius was silent for a moment, the air between them stiff with questions he was obviously burning to ask. Finally, he said, "I'll go make tea, then." Lydia could have sighed with relief that he hadn't pressed her, but Lily was starting to wake, and so there was only so much she could handle at once. She would have to deal with Sirius later. "Lydia?" Lily whispered, groaning and trying to move. Lydia stopped her. "Dark Curse," Lydia explained. "Sirius brought you back here. We've patched you up. There may be a bit of scarring, but I think we patched you up quick enough…." There was a knowing look in Lily's eyes. "You Healed me, didn't you?" Lydia said nothing, avoiding the green eyes that were watching her intently. "Does Sirius know how you know…?" "Of course not," Lydia snapped, running another scan of Lily. She frowned. "You're still much weaker than you should be. The replenishing potions should have taken care of that." "Maybe I just need a cup of tea," Lily joked, referring to her mother's belief that a cup of tea would cure virtually anything. "You're in luck, then," Sirius said happily, bringing a tray in. "I've just made tea." The tea was tense, and they continued checking Lily throughout. "Slow improvement," Sirius finally declared after about an hour. "But it looks like you're going to be fine." There was nothing wrong with her, just that she probably needed some rest after the day she'd had. Lily kissed Sirius's cheek and Lydia walked her to the door. "You're not still in touch with Severus, are you?" Lily asked in hushed tones. "Not exactly," Lydia admitted, not lying. Lily raised her eyebrows, but didn't ask what it meant. "Sirius loves you, Lydia. Think of what he would do if he knew…." "I know," Lydia said coldly. "That's why I sent him out of the room. That's why I don't tell him. I don't want them to kill each other." Lily just looked at Lydia for a moment, striking her with the dullness in her green eyes, perhaps a symptom of the fatigue that went with the weakness that seemed to linger on her. But Lily would recover. There was no question of that. "Be careful, Lydia," Lily whispered, kissing her friend and leaving without another word. Leaving before Lydia could tell her that she was the one who ought to be careful, the one who would have bled to death on the sofa. Lydia sighed, turning back into the house, looking at Sirius, who was sitting on the sofa, staring into an empty cup of tea. "I used to know what this mush was supposed to mean," Sirius said, not looking up from the tea leaves gathered at the bottom of his cup. "I wasn't very good at interpreting it. I've…never been very good at seeing things the way some people do. James says I see what I want to see, but…." His words trailed off to nothing and Lydia just watched him for a moment before taking the cup from his hands. "Let's go to bed, Sirius," she said when he looked up at her with dull gray eyes. "I'm tired." A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new follower, Daneva Snape. Thanks for reading! -C
Lydia blew out the candles, sick of watching the wax fall onto the cake. She should have just done it then, when Sirius was telling her he would be right back. She should have known he wouldn't. Nothing with the Order was ever quick enough that she ought to hold off on blowing out candles. She hated that he'd been called away on her birthday, but not necessarily because it was Sirius. She just didn't want to be alone on her birthday for the first time in her life. Somehow, that was far more frightening than any other night alone. Sirius had only lit the candles when the call had come, a raid in some place that sounded Welsh, some place Lydia had never heard of, and Sirius was all apologies, kissing Lydia, grabbing his cloak, rushing out the door without another word. He hadn't even taken his bike, that's how quickly he was needed. He wouldn't have gone if it wasn't important. But still. Lydia scrapped the wax off the cake and removed the candles, setting them in the rubbish bin and looking at the cake she was sure Sirius had begged Lily to make. He couldn't bake to save his life. There were sounds at the door and Lydia gripped her wand, holding her breath, hoping it was just Sirius, come home sooner than she had expected. She felt mildly guilty when she heard his voice at not waiting to blow out the candles. But when she rushed out to meet him and found Remus and Sirius carrying a bloody, contorted James into the sofa all thoughts of her birthday were quickly gone. "What happened?" she asked. Lydia had grown used to patching up friends in the past few months. It felt like every other week there was some scuff to fix, big or small. But this, this was massive. "He's dying," Sirius said, obviously crying. "I don't…I don't know what to do." Obviously, once again, Lydia was going to have to be the calm one in this situation. "Remus, start doing Healing charms on the wounds," Lydia ordered. "Sirius, fetch the blood replenishing potions and anything else that looks useful. I'll do the bones and assess the damage." The boys did as they were told and Lydia began scanning James as he groaned in half-conscious pain. "Bring something for pain!" she called to Sirius, who called back that he had heard her. "It's addictive," Sirius said apologetically. "We haven't got anything weaker." "We may need something strong anyway, by the looks of it," Lydia said, nervous. She'd never administered an addictive potion before, and she felt intensely guilty as Sirius poured it down James's throat. Why had they even made it? Why had she brewed the thing in the first place? For a challenge? Just in case? She could no longer remember, but she tried to focus on putting all his bones and joints back in place. "Do we have Skele-Gro in the collection?" she demanded of Sirius. "I don't remember." "Well, go and look!" Sirius scurried back to check their potions and Remus said, "I reckon we'll all be addicted to something by the time this is all over, won't we?" Lydia couldn't bring herself to look at him. James was no longer dying, but he was not in very good shape. Perhaps Remus was right, although he had a much lower likelihood of addiction, being a werewolf. His blood was different. Somehow, though, saying that out loud didn't seem right. "Got it," Sirius said, rushing back into the room. "I don't know how to dose this." Lydia took the bottle from him. She poured a large amount into a glass and when Sirius made a horrified sound she said, "He broke a lot of bones, Sirius. Be lucky he wasn't deboned. That's twice as much." She felt sorry for James. The stuff tasted atrocious, but he needed it, and he would need to be dosed with it again in a few hours. "It's going to be painful," she said, wincing. "There's only so much the potion will do, and the bone healing process…" "Why does it need all this?" Sirius asked, horrified. "Madam Pomfrey healed bones in seconds!" "This may have escaped your notice," Lydia replied dryly, "but I am not Madam Pomfrey, and James did not fall from his broom. This is Dark Magic. It's a miracle we managed this much, to be honest. I know very limited things about Healing Dark spells." "My mouth tastes disgusting," James moaned, and Lydia rolled her eyes, letting Sirius deal with him, at first acting on her instinct to return to the kitchen, but then she thought of the cake sitting in there and it felt like the wrong place to be. For some reason, she felt like facing that cake would be utterly uncomfortable. But where else was there to go? Lydia knew better than to stay in a room with both Sirius and Remus. "I need to get going," Remus said, saving her the trouble of finding an escape route. "They may still need my help." "Are you sure, mate?" Sirius asked, nervous. "They can probably manage…." "They weren't managing when the three of us were there, Sirius," Remus replied darkly, and these words caused Lydia to tense. "No, I need to go back. If nothing else…" Lily. There was no point saving James if something was going to happen to Lily. He'd probably do himself in on the news. Remus left without any sort of partings, perhaps because things were already awkward enough, or perhaps because things were truly bad at whatever the place Lydia thought was Welsh was. "How bad was it?" Lydia asked softly, not looking at Sirius and James or the sofa or anything to do with them. "Lydia…." "How bad?" She could almost picture them exchanging looks, trying to decide how much they could and should tell her, when Remus had obviously said more than they thought she ought to know. Before anyone had a chance to tell her anything, however, there was frantic knocking at the door. Lydia rushed to it to find Lily anxious to see her husband. There was no greeting. Lily simply hurried to the sofa and fell beside James, kissing his hands eagerly. "He's going to be all right, Lily," Sirius said comfortingly, patting her shoulder. "Lydia patched him up again. He's going to be fine." Lydia stood against the wall, well back from the trio, watching them. Somehow, in spite of the fact that these were the people who were her best friends, she felt strangely apart from them. "Edgar," Lily whispered. This name made Lydia tense. She had known Edgar Bones, albeit not particularly well. He was a good-natured man, always exceedingly kind. Lydia had known he was in the Order, but her understanding was that he did low-level sorts of things. He was not a duelist, not like Sirius and Lily and James and Remus. He wasn't meant for battle. "What about him?" James croaked, obviously nervous. Lydia turned away again, wondering what she was more afraid of, the news or the cake. "He's dead." Too late to run, and she might have picked the news as well. There was a horrified silence in the room. There they were, panicking over James, when Edgar Bones was dead somewhere that was probably Wales. Lydia felt instantly guilty all over again for being upset at Sirius leaving on her birthday. If he had been gone quicker, if James had been Healed faster, if only one of them had brought James to her…. Maybe Edgar would still be alive. The very thought made her feel a bit sick. "Am I well enough for firewhiskey?" James croaked. "I think I need some." "No alcohol with that pain potion," Lydia said weakly. "But you could have tea." "I'll get it," Sirius said, jumping up right away and hurrying off to get tea in the kitchen. Lily was crying into James's hand silently, and Lydia just stood there, unable to look at them. Her friends were out there constantly, risking their lives. She knew by the sheer amount of wounds she had Healed. That was just the times they weren't so lucky. How they were able to live that way was beyond her. Just knowing it was all happening made her feel sick. "Here we go," Sirius said, waiting for Lily to prop James up before handing him his tea. "So, what exactly happened with Edgar, Lily?" Lydia turned to watch as her friend explained who killed Edgar and how. Something blocked the words as they washed over Lydia, and she hardly heard them. She didn't want to hear them. It was bad enough the Order still didn't have a body for Caradoc Dearborn. Because he had no family, Lydia had said nothing still on his death, but she felt terrible for it, like she was betraying her best friends day in and day out. "There will be a funeral, I suppose." Lily's words drew Lydia out of her unhearing fog. Another funeral. Lydia was running out of black robes. Should she buy more, or would the Order not mind her wearing the same robes to two different funerals, so close together? Of course, she was mildly appalled at herself that this was her first thought when funerals were mentioned, but they had become such a commonplace part of her life that she hardly spared them much thought, anymore. "Likely his sister, Amelia, will put it on," Sirius said thoughtfully. Amelia Bones was another person Lydia did not know particularly well, but she seemed a sensible, reasonable sort of woman. At least this funeral would not be held outside if the weather was poor. Likely, it would be raining. They would be indoors. And Lydia caught herself thinking insensitively of the whole affair again and she inwardly cringed. How could she be so callous about something so dreadfully important? "I'll see if there's anything we can do for her," Lily said, wiping her eyes. Her voice sounded terribly congested. She had had a very difficult day, between James nearly dying and seeing Edgar Bones actually die. Lydia thought with guilt once more about the birthday cake still sitting on the kitchen table. Should she offer some to her friends? She often found that cake made her feel better, however it seemed like a reminder that it was her birthday, and they were likely to feel bad if she mentioned that, with the state they were in. Lily, especially, was likely to feel guilty that she hadn't wished Lydia happy birthday yet, and that was the last thing Lydia wanted. They already felt horrible. "We should get going when he's finished his tea," Lily said softly, running her fingers gently through James's unruly hair. "He needs rest. I'll be in touch when I've heard from Amelia." "Is Amelia Bones in the Order?" Lydia asked, after a very long search for something appropriate to say. "No," Sirius whispered. "You know, you two can stay here, if you'd like. James can nap in the spare bedroom. You don't have to go." Lily shook her head. "We really should be going home," she said firmly. "I have some work to do for Albus, and then I'll need to report back on James's condition when he's asleep. Are you finished, love?" James nodded, handing the cup to Sirius. Sirius and Lydia said their goodbyes to their friends, helping Lily get James to the door, both quietly upset to see their friends go, and at the same time both a bit relieved that James was well enough to leave. In the silence that followed the departure of their friends, Sirius and Lydia stood alone, staring at the door, the air around them full of tension and sadness. Finally, Sirius heaved a sigh and said, "Better wash the cup." Lydia watched him retreat into the kitchen, and when she didn't hear the sound of the sink after several long moments, she decided to follow him in. "I'm so sorry about your birthday," he sighed, looking up at her from the table, where he was sitting, looking at the cake. "I told myself I wouldn't let the Order ruin moments like this, but that call… And if I hadn't been there, James…." "I know," Lydia said gently. "It's just a birthday, Sirius. They happen every year." She wondered if her voice sounded as hollow to him as it did to her. He shook his head firmly, setting the cup down on the table forcefully. "It's not just a birthday, Lydia," he insisted. "I…I'm so sorry I…" He gave a frustrated growl to indicate that he couldn't think of the right words, and before Lydia had a chance to lie again and try to convince him it was nothing, he had jumped from his chair, crossed to her, and pressed his lips to hers. For a man with all the confidence of Merlin himself, the eloquence of a poet when he wanted it, sometimes he seemed to think that the only way to express himself was by kissing her. It did get the point across rather pleasantly, and kept her from trying to evade the point in question. Lydia melted into the kiss. If he was kissing her, he wasn't asking questions, or anticipating questions she probably ought to ask but didn't have the stomach to dare. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she could feel him press more into the kiss at her gesture. The cake was left on the table, forgotten. Sirius began backing her up into the door, opening it clumsily, moving them toward their bedroom. Lydia was strangely hyperaware of everything around them in a way she had never been before when they were intimate. He began to pull at her blouse, tugging it out of her jeans before pulling it over her head. When they parted the kiss for this, in that brief moment, Lydia saw in Sirius's eyes a passion she hadn't seen so fully since the very first time they made love. She instantly knew the last thing they ought to be doing in that moment was having sex. It wasn't about their relationship to either of them. For her, it was a way to avoid speaking. For him, it was a way to work out his grief at the loss of Edgar, the near-loss of James, his remorse at ruining her birthday. But she allowed him to toss her blouse to the floor, and accepted his kisses when he moved to kiss her again. She moaned a little, feeling his fingers touch her breasts through her lacy bra, feeling the familiar sensation of pleasure rising up in her. It was wrong, but she couldn't bring herself to stop it. Just as she couldn't bring herself to stand up for herself, she could not bring herself to force purity into their relationship. Was there ever any sense of it in the first place? Perhaps for Sirius there had been, and maybe still was. He treated her as if she were some angelic being most of the time, although she knew she was far from worthy of such treatment. She felt him pulling away from the kiss again and she watched as he pulled the shirt he was wearing off over his head. New scars. That was why he had been making love to her with the lights off for the past week. He hadn't wanted her to see the new scars on his arms and torso. She thought for a moment that she might like to ask where he got them, but before she could he interrupted her thoughts with another kiss. Lydia fell easily into the rhythm of sex with Sirius, her mind unable to wander as usual, floating around from thought to thought, allowing her to think of all the things they were running from in that moment. Perhaps he was right. It wasn't just a birthday. Especially not to him, who had promised her to make every birthday more spectacular than the last. She licked her lips and felt him kissing down her bare torso. To him, birthdays were incredibly important. As they were to her, in a way. Lydia frowned a little at the feel of his bare skin on hers, the movement of their bodies together. She was hyperaware of the scarring on him, and yet disturbed that she could not pretend in her mind that this was Remus, that they were Remus's scars. Somehow she should have found Sirius's scars more attractive. They were the sign of voluntary bravery, protecting others, defending the weak, fighting evil and all of that. But his scars actually made her stomach twist uncomfortably. Every scar was a day he'd left her alone. They made her angry. There were a few marks, yes, that weren't his fault, marks left by a terrible childhood, but the number of marks that were from what Lydia could only assume was his reckless arrogance, pushing his own safety more than he needed to for the thrill of a better fight…. Because she knew of only two people following You-Know-Who capable of even giving Sirius a proper fight, and that was Severus and Bellatrix, and he wasn't dueling them every time. So there had to be another explanation for Sirius's incredible increase in scarring. Lydia opened her eyes again as the moment of climax washed over her, tensing every muscle in her body at once. She could hear her cries as though they came from somewhere else, and the act of her own climax set Sirius over the edge. She tried not to think about the desperation in his voice as he roared her name, but it was impossible to ignore. He collapsed, sweaty and panting, holding her tightly, and she closed her eyes again, disappointed that she was still unable to envision him as anyone else. Especially when she heard his smooth voice whisper, "I love you." A/N: This chapter is dedicated to a reader who recently favorited the story, Katou741! I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and welcome to the ride! -C
The mournful group sitting in Sirius's kitchen held only one person not covered in dirt and blood, and that was, of course, Lydia. Even Peter came back today looking like he'd gotten into a fight with something rather large. "I can't image what their mother is going through," James said, shaking his head. "Both of them at once. It's like…." Like they were targeted. Lydia said nothing, watching the way the breeze moved along the clouds she could see out of the corner of the windowpane. She had known the Prewett twins, and known them much better than she had known Edgar Bones. It seemed so recently that they had laid Edgar in the ground. "It was shocking, to be sure," Remus agreed, stirring his tea with a trembling hand. Peter squeaked, "I'm glad I didn't have to be the one to tell their sister." All of them shuddered a bit at that. Molly Prewett Weasley was a slightly terrifying woman, to say the least, and Lydia had a distinct feeling that she would be more than distraught at news of what had happened to her brothers, and both of them at once…. "Fabian was a good man," Sirius said, nodding. "Gideon too. But…I'll miss doing patrols with Fabian." It didn't take too much imagination to think of why Sirius missed patrols with Fabian. They were very similarly mischievous, had similar pasts with women and pranking…. And they were both incredibly handsome. If a girl wasn't pining over Sirius Black, she was pining over Fabian Prewett, almost every single time. Lydia had always thought herself the exception to that rule, with Lily included, perhaps because she had known both of them and thought them a bit silly. And look at her now, sleeping in Sirius's bed every night. She continued to look out the window determinedly. Lydia felt Sirius's hand on her thigh, resting there as if drawing comfort from the warmth of her leg through her robes. He'd started doing this recently, when he was upset. She closed her eyes and wondered what would happen to Sirius if something happened to her. Were the Death Eaters right in thinking as they must that she was the way to bring Sirius Black to his knees? But if she died, Sirius would have James and Lily and Remus and Peter. They would sit in this same kitchen and mourn together, organize the funeral, drink some firewhiskey and list off all the people they had lost. She would simply become another name on that list. They never talked about Artemis anymore, and hardly mentioned Mary. They had become symbols in death, but symbols all part of one big symbol: the List of people who had been sacrificed in order to make a better world for future generations. If the List grew too large, though, Lydia wondered if there would be any future generations to save the world for. "I need to get going," Remus said softly. "I've a meeting with Mad-Eye and Dumbledore." No one asked what the meeting was about. Either they already knew, or they assumed it was secret. There seemed to be some sort of code growing amongst her friends of not asking questions, and that generally suited Lydia just fine. She had never been one for questions anyway. "My mum will be worried if I'm out too much longer," Peter squeaked, and so those two took their leave within minutes of each other, leaving the two couples sitting in the kitchen with tepid, half-touched cups of tea and a heavy, dreary mist of mourning in the air. It didn't seem right to break the silence, but Sirius could never stand silence such as this for too long. "I've been thinking about that raid we were on last week, James," he said, and Lydia got the sense she wasn't supposed to be hearing whatever Sirius was about to say, judging from the expression that instantly appeared on both Lily and James's faces. Lydia got up and began gathering the cups Peter and Remus left behind, letting them know she understood her position. She quickly rinsed the cup while the others sat in waiting silence for her to leave the room and then she made her way out to the laundry that needed to be done. She was a firm disbeliever in laundry charms, as with most household charms. She did most things by hand, and had convinced Sirius to get a washer and dryer for their laundry, since hand-washing clothes was the surest way she knew of making her quit her resolve and start using charms for household tasks. She sat in silence for a while, sorting the clothes in the hamper into neat piles according to their specifications, wondering at her lack of curiosity for whatever it was the others were discussing in the kitchen. Was it strange or wrong that she had grown so used to things that she didn't even feel the slightest urge to ask anymore? Her mind trailed to the Prewett brothers, wondering whether they had known they were likely to be targeted in such a way, singled out to be killed together, in the midst of a battle. Or perhaps at soonest opportunity. Did they all understand the prices on their heads? Because it seemed that every one of them must have a price on their heads, every member of the Order, although some were likely more dear than others. Lydia tried to think like You-Know-Who, trying to decide how highly she would value Sirius's death if she were in his shoes, but it was impossible to think. She couldn't imagine what it was he was after, couldn't capture his motivation, and so she didn't know exactly what he would want with Sirius. It seemed to her he might prefer him alive and a Death Eater. But perhaps that was an impossibility. She liked to think it was. She had just finished sorting the clothes when there was a knock at the door, too timid to be Sirius. Lydia smiled up at Lily, who moved into the room without any invitation and sat down on the dryer. "Careful," Lydia said. "Your mum must have warned you not to do that." "A hundred times, but I've never been heavy enough for it to be a problem," Lily said with a laugh. "Are you two leaving now, then?" Lydia asked, trying to seem casual about it. "Not quite," Lily said slowly. "No, the boys needed to discuss something and then we've all got to go talk to Dumbledore about that thought Sirius had. No, actually, while they're talking it out, there's something I needed to tell you. Or rather, talk about with you." Lydia nodded, politely turning away from her work, wondering what had her friend so nervous. "Is everything all right?" she asked, imagining all sorts of tragic and awful things Lily could inform her of, or discuss with her. Especially with not knowing much, it could truly be anything. "No, no, everything's fine," Lily insisted, flushing slightly. "Or, as fine as things can be when the world is like this. No, actually…it's about a decision I think I'm going to make. James and I have talked about it, but…. I wanted to discuss it with you, to know I'm not being insensible." Lydia just blinked at her friend. She couldn't make out what she was talking about. "Right," she said slowly. "So…what, then?" "James and I have done a lot of thinking and talking," Lily said, obviously reciting some rehearsed speech. Her cheeks grew increasingly flushed as she continued to talk. "I know that the war is going to last for some time, and that anything could happen to any of us. Well, you've been to enough funerals to know that." She trailed off, glancing at the wall as if to gather her thoughts. "We had talked about waiting until the war was over for that very reason, but the longer we wait the more I think it's not right to wait, you know?" Lydia didn't know. "Wait for what?" she asked, feeling as if she was missing something vital that perhaps she ought to have figured out. "Oh," Lily said, turning incredibly red at this. "Oh, we're talking of having a baby." The word sounded so foreign in that instant, like something Lydia had heard in a song once but never bothered learning the meaning of. Baby. As it echoed in her head, it sounded more and more strange and terrifying. An odd word indeed. "You want one?" Lydia asked, trying not to sound too surprised. The thought of being a mother had never really occurred to Lydia, especially not since she and Sirius had put all talk of marriage on hold until after the war entirely. She had happily escaped considering such things. In truth, she was not, like so many other girls she had known, the sort of girl who spent childhood planning her wedding and naming imaginary future children. "Yes," Lily confessed. "James and I really do want a child, and I'm worried that if we wait too long…. And if something does happen to one of us, then the other could take the child into hiding, you see? And they would…" They would always have a piece of the other. It was morbid, but what wasn't, anymore? Lydia frowned, though. "Well, you want a child," she said reasonably. "So what is there to talk with me about?" Lily nibbled on her lip. "I'm afraid," she finally said. "Especially after what happened today, with the Prewetts." Suddenly, it was so clear Lydia wondered why she hadn't seen it before. Lily was worried about what might happen if she and James were both targeted like the Prewetts and killed at once. Could they in good conscience have a child that they knew could very easily be orphaned? "Who would you appoint as guardian?" Lydia asked, very nervous that it would be herself. "We were thinking of making you and Sirius godparents once you marry…" "We're not even talking about marriage until the war is over," Lydia insisted. Lily blinked. "But what if it goes on for another ten or fifteen years?" Lydia simply shrugged. To her it was of little consequence if it went on forever. She wouldn't have to think of things like weddings and children in that case. "Then I suppose we'll have to choose," Lily said, obviously pained at the thought. "You know I would like to pick you, but James so wants Sirius to be the godfather…." "Pick Sirius, then," Lydia insisted, trying not to sound too eager. "If we're still together, we'll both raise him anyway, and if we're not…. Well, Sirius will need the child more than I will." Lily's countenance shifted at this thought. As this was part of the reason they weren't waiting for a child anyway, Lydia thought it had been a stroke of brilliance to point out that Sirius would love to care for a piece of James. "Good point," Lily said softly. "And if something happens to Sirius, we can always switch…. Yes, I think that would work out nicely." Lydia felt relieved that the conversation seemed to be over. She had no desire to talk any more about babies. Lily declared that she would have to think some more on it and discuss it with James again, but she had to leave at any rate, with James and Sirius, to talk to Dumbledore about…whatever it was they need to discuss. She said words of parting to Lily and James at the door, letting Sirius kiss her as he went off with them, closing and locking the door behind him before contemplating whether she wanted to do the dishes and then go back to laundry, or finish the laundry and go back and do the dishes. When Lydia thought of the half-finished tea sitting in the three cups still in the kitchen, however, there wasn't much to speculate about. The cups needed cleaning, before they started to stain. Lydia went to the kitchen and poured out the tepid tea, beginning to fill the cups to soak them a bit when she heard tapping at the window. She sighed, wondering what on earth Severus could want now. She knew it wasn't him who killed the Prewett twins. She thought she recalled Remus mentioning that it was Dolohov. So what on earth was so important? Lydia finished filling the cups to soak and she opened the window, letting in the owl, setting it up with food and water and untying the letter. With a frown she broke the seal and unfolded the letter. Lydia, Forgive me for writing again. I needed to check in. I know you will likely not respond, but it feels almost as if we're still speaking, knowing that you're getting my letters. It's silly, because I don't even know if you read them, but…I'd like to think you do. I don't know what you're up to these days, except I heard a rumor that you're possibly going to publish again soon. I will keep my eye out in all the Arithmancy journals, just in case it's true. Maybe you wouldn't want to know this, but the Dark Lord read your work and was very impressed. From what I gather, he was especially good at and fond of Arithmancy when he studied. It has little practical application to much of the work the Death Eaters do, but there is a significant importance to some of the work he is doing. But I will say no more lest you think I am trying to recruit you again. I assure you, I am not. I know you will not send my love to Lily, but I will ask you to, anyway. Take care of yourself, Lydia. Please. -HBP For some reason, the sign-off of his that had become customary between them now irked Lydia more and more every time she saw it. True, it was not as though he meant anything by it, and he had all but said he wasn't trying to recruit her, but somehow the whole letter felt as though that was exactly the point of it. She closed her eyes, trying to imagine what sort of awful life that would be, sitting in a room somewhere, doing arithmetic calculations for You-Know-Who, no doubt something to enhance something in his Dark Magic. Lydia was not a political person. She had no real feeling of being a particularly principled person, either. The world had always been a fuzzy place to her. Yet still, the few scruples she did have included being utterly opposed to Dark Magic. It had been the one thing about her friendship with Severus that had been a bit uncomfortable. He had always been so fascinated by it, and Lydia had always been repulsed. She thought of the way Lily had been bleeding on the couch and wondered if Severus had learned that his own curse had been used on her. Lydia didn't think he had, because he would certainly have written after learning news like that. She didn't think it would change his behavior, either, knowing that, but he might be a step toward changing his mind about Dark Magic. Lydia was possessed with an idea to write him, to tell him about what had happened. All the uncomfortable details, in spite the fact that it was two months ago. She could stress the heroics of her and Sirius, rescuing Lily from the curse Severus had invented. She even went so far as to pull out an ink well. But she couldn't bring herself to write a letter knowing that it would hurt him. No, it was better to say nothing at all. Lydia instead scrubbed the tea-cups and sent the owl on its way, cleaning up after it before promptly burning the letter. She watched the flames dance for several seconds before their fuel was gone and they were gone in a whisper of a moment. With practiced swiftness she cleaned up the ashes left behind and then dried and replaced the cups in their cupboard before moving to do laundry. Still, the letter echoed in her mind. Lydia had been getting some interest in her work lately, and when she'd sent something to one of the editors of the journal that published her last essay, he had been pressing her to prepare her latest theories for publication. She wasn't where she felt she needed to be in order to send out manuscripts, but within a few months, perhaps she would be. He must have been more excited about her theories than she thought, though, if rumors of more publishing were flying about. What troubled her most, though, was who Severus would have in common with the editor, and how the rumor had spread to him. She wanted to think that it was purely academic, but something told her it probably wasn't. Making a mental note to find a different journal for her next publication, just in case, Lydia began the first load of laundry, absently humming a tune that didn't exist or even make much musical sense. She actually hadn't had a chance to look at her theories in a few days. Now that she thought of it, there might be a way out of the corner she'd back herself into, if she used Branch's Theorem for Indivisible Threes. Perhaps an inverted or slightly more sophisticated version. Her brain began to whir with possibilities of how to adjust Branch's Theorem in order to accomplish the sort of things she'd been struggling with lately. In fact, she realized as she used the laundry soap to trace out her thoughts, it might be a useful project of its own, inversions and adjustments to Branch's Theorem for all occasions…. No, she wouldn't be publishing for a while yet, she realized, rushing into her study to get parchment to copy down her detergent notes on. Not quite yet.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to The Yoshinator, easily the most consistent reviewer of this story. Thank you for being here for the long haul! There's a lot longer to haul, but I believe in you not going anywhere! :D -C "I just can't believe they're even talking about it, honestly," Lydia said softly, stirring her tea without looking up at Sirius. "I mean, it's the third time she's mentioned it, even though I know they haven't come to a decision." "I dunno," Sirius said, a small smile in his voice. "I can understand the desire to leave a legacy." Lydia was instantly regretting starting this conversation, but after a moment she decided that this was the time to bring up her own desires and set things straight, like she did before with marriage. Letting him think there was a chance she would want children out of wedlock was not a risk she felt was at all worth taking. "Is that a desire you have?" Lydia asked, still stirring her tea and not looking at him. "Is…is it one you have?" She sighed. They were playing this game. "Not particularly," she admitted. "For me, my legacy is going to be my work, you know? Print lasts longer than children, and behaves better, generally." Lydia was actually rather proud of the joke. She thought it was one of the more clever ones she had come up with. Sirius was silent for a long moment and she looked up at him to find him watching her, stirring his own tea contemplatively. "I'm not sure that I want to be a father specifically," Sirius admitted. "Not right away. But…but I do want to have children with you someday." Ugh, there it was again, that someday, that someday that to Sirius seemed to be looming right on the horizon if he only wished hard enough, the one Lydia couldn't wish further away if she tried. "Sirius, I know you're not especially traditional," Lydia said, raising her eyebrows, "but don't you think it's a bit…inappropriate to have a child out of wedlock?" He blinked at her. Obviously he hadn't thought of it that deeply. He was probably just picturing a child with her eyes or something mushy like that. "It wouldn't be so bad," he said slowly. "I mean, it wouldn't have my name, but…I'm not sure I'd want my child having my name anyway." Forget the fact that Lydia didn't want a child having her last name, the name of the man who tormented his wife so much that she killed him and then was killed by him before he could finish dying. If Lydia were ever to have children, she would be relieved that they would be taking someone else's last name. It didn't matter if they had skeletons in their closet too. She just didn't want to look at her child and see her own skeletons. She could handle someone else's. But even more importantly… "Sirius, I don't want a child." He blinked. "You…you mean not at all? Not ever?" He sounded so pitiful. "Or just…not until we're married?" This was a delicate situation. And Lydia knew that in delicate situations such as these, where she wasn't sure what the right thing to say was, she needed to buy time until she knew what to say, and what better way to buy time than to make him feel utterly sorry for her in a way that didn't hurt her conscience? It was time to tell him the things she hadn't said for many, many months. Even in forming the words, she felt tears pricking at the corners of her eyes. "Sirius you're in constant danger," she choked out, feeling tears running down her face. She couldn't have timed the flow better if she had tried, and Sirius looked horrified at the sight of her crying. "And because of that, I'm in constant danger. Could you imagine if we had a child, the lengths they would go to, trying to hurt or kill your child to make you comply with their wishes? It's terrifying enough, knowing every time I leave the house I'm in danger. I couldn't do that to a child. We have no idea how long this war is going to be." "Lydia," Sirius whispered, touching her arm gently. "Oh, my love, please don't cry. I understand. I do. You're right of course. We really shouldn't talk of children until the war is over, and then I suppose it can wait until we're married, can't it?" "We promised not to talk of marriage," Lydia began, feeling her tears began to dissipate. "Of course, my love, I am sorry," he said quickly. "We won't mention marriage or children again, until the war is over. You have my word." Lydia wiped her eyes, looking down at her tea. It had to be cool enough by now. "I'm sorry I got so worked up," she admitted. Now that she had what she wanted, that assurance from him, she felt a bit ashamed of her hysterics. "It's all right, love," he insisted, setting down his now-empty cup. "You're allowed to feel and be afraid, and you shouldn't have to go through it all alone. It's a hard time for all of us. I'm going to be out for the rest of the day, with James. We need to go to France for a few things. I'll be back before you go to sleep, I reckon." "Yes, I know," Lydia said, trying to brighten as she added a bit more cream to her tea, just for something to do. "Lily is already planning to come and see me when she's done doing something for Doge. Paperwork, from the sound of things. We'll have a girly-day." "Excellent," Sirius said, kissing Lydia's temple. "I was hoping you wouldn't be bored here alone all day. Tell Lily I said hello." He took off a few minutes later and Lydia sat alone, drinking her tea slowly, wondering how long it would take for Lily to get there. She had just finished washing the cup when there came a knock at the door. Lydia frowned, wondering how Lily could possibly have finished with Doge so early. She said lunchtime at the earliest. She flung wide the door. "Oh, you're not Lily." Peter looked up at her in surprise and said, "Erm, no, I'm not." "Well, come in, then," Lydia said kindly. "Would you like some tea?" "Erm, no thank you," he said, shifting slightly. "Is Sirius in?" "No," Lydia said slowly, wondering just how out of the loop everyone in the Order was. "No, he's in France, on an Order assignment." "Is he?" Peter squeaked, evidentially surprised. "Yes," Lydia said, leading him into the sitting room. "He and James left for France not an hour ago." "Oh, yes, I remember now," Peter said, laughing sheepishly. "Right, well…." "Why, what's happened?" Lydia pressed. Peter was obviously out of sorts about something. "What message can I give him when he gets back? Or is it urgent?" "N-no, not urgent." Peter fidgeted and shifted in his seat a bit and Lydia just watched, wondering why Peter was ever chosen to be the bearer of any news. Then again, perhaps he was merely fidgety because he wasn't sure if he was supposed to tell her whatever it was the news was. Still, Lydia waited as patiently as possible. "You know, it's sort of hard to believe," he began, frowning slightly, "but Mad-Eye's been injured again. He's at St. Mungo's…. He'll be fine, but…." Lydia waited, wondering what exactly had happened. If she were to ask like that, though, Peter likely would think he couldn't tell her, and may not tell her anything more at all. "He's lost a leg, you see," Peter said slowly. "They're giving him a fake one." Lydia did not know Mad-Eye Moody especially well, but she'd seen him at funerals and things, and he looked like a poorly done sculpture, with pieces and chunks of him missing all over the place. Perhaps if someone worked so long in his field, they all turned out that way, but he was the best of the best. When the best of the best looks like something out of a meat-grinder, it's probably not a very good career choice. Lydia even wondered sometimes how long it would be until Sirius would come home with chunks of flesh and even limbs missing. "Were you there when it happened?" she asked. Peter was actually remarkably calm, if that were the case. That was the first clue that he probably hadn't been, because Lydia didn't think Peter had access to the sort of serenity required for his current behavior. "No, no," he said quickly. "No, it was an Auror mission, not strictly to do with the Order, and Frank Longbottom told me to come and tell Sirius. But I suppose we all forgot he was supposed to be in France. Or, I forgot. Maybe Frank thought he hadn't left yet." "It's quite all right, Peter," Lydia said honestly. "I hope Mad-Eye didn't suffer too greatly?" "I really don't know," Peter admitted. "And you're in no hurry to relate this story to anyone else?" "No, just Remus, but he won't be back from Hertfordshire until…" Peter grew pale. Apparently she wasn't supposed to know that Remus was in Hertfordshire, despite the fact that this knowledge meant nothing to Lydia. "Perhaps you could have some tea after all, then?" she pressed. "I've nothing to do, really, until Lily comes back from her meeting with Doge." "Oh," Peter said, looking as though he were calculating something in his head. "Yes, I suppose I've got time for tea. Just a quick cup, mind." Lydia hadn't realized just how starved for company she was until she realized that she was having a cup of tea alone with Peter Pettigrew. She couldn't remember the last time she spent any one-on-one time with the boy who was friends with her friends. That was really all he had to recommend him. She put the kettle on. "So, are you publishing anything soon?" he asked, sitting at the seat Sirius usually sat in. "Ah, not terribly soon," Lydia admitted. "I reached a dead end, and in figuring a way to get out of it I've started a second project that I want to finish before I continue with my first project." "Oh," Peter said, frowning a bit as he parsed this. "I really don't understand much about Arithmancy or anything like it." Lydia had guessed as much, but she thought it would be rude to say so. "Neither does Sirius," she said conspiratorially, pouring the tea and preparing it. When she handed Peter a cup she began to try to explain her projects in very simple terms. It was good practice. If she could explain things to Peter, she could explain them to anyone. When they finally got through the very basics, he finished his tea. "Thanks for that," he said, smiling. "I feel like I never see you, like Sirius keeps you locked away in this house…." He trailed off uncomfortably. Lydia tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and thought about those words. In a way, that was exactly what Sirius was doing, putting up such heavy wards and protections to keep her safe. But it wasn't. He wasn't locking her away like a damsel in a tower. Lydia saw Peter off and tried not to think about the words he had said toward the end. Lily would be arriving any moment, and Lydia didn't want to be in poor spirit. After all, she could leave if she wanted to. Maybe she didn't have anywhere else to go, but if she found somewhere and she wanted to, she could leave. She just didn't want to. She had been to see Severus on Christmas, she reminded herself. That was leaving. Of course, she couldn't have said that to Peter, because it would get back to Sirius, and then something bad would happen, she knew. Before she had too much time to think about what she would do while she waited for Lily, there was another knock at the door. This time, it was Lydia's friend, and not some unexpected guest. The two young women hugged each other happily. "So, how was the Order stuff?" Lydia asked, leading her friend into the kitchen for a glass of wine. "It was fine," Lily said dismissively. "Have you heard about Mad-Eye? I wasn't sure if Sirius had gotten the news before he left, or…." "No, he doesn't know yet," Lydia admitted. "You just missed Peter. He told me." She paused for a moment, handing Lily her glass of wine. "Was he not supposed to tell me? He didn't seem sure." "Oh, no, that's perfectly fine," Lily said with a somber sort of laugh. "No, it's probably going to be in the paper as well, so there's no point telling you something that's not only going to be common knowledge, but something you'll be able to see perfectly well for yourself the next time you see Mad-Eye." The next time there was a funeral, Lily meant of course. She never saw him otherwise. "So, are you allowed to tell me where in France they are, or am I not supposed to know that much, either?" Lydia teased, setting down her own glass of wine to start on a salad. "Oh, let me help you with that," Lily exclaimed, jumping up to aid in the preparation of food. "No, don't argue. I miss cooking. James and I hardly have time for more than take-out or magically prepared meals these days…. No, honestly, I don't even know where in France they're working. I would assume the south of France, because that tends to be where the magical community congregates, like in England." Of course, in England part of the reason was that London was much more convenient in the south of England. And there were plenty of Scottish wizards who…well, lived in the south of Scotland, but Lydia suspected that, as in the case of France, had more to do with weather than anything. They were closer to major Scottish cities in the south as well. In France, there were also plenty of wizards and witches in Paris. But there was no point speculating. Perhaps it wasn't a population consideration for the boys, anyway. The girls finished making their food and then began to eat. "How is the arithmancy coming?" Lily asked cheerfully. "I don't recall if you ever told me if you got out of that corner you found yourself in." Lydia began then explaining her recent studies to her best friend, allowing her explanation to be far more sophisticated than the one she offered Peter. Lily may not have been an excellent arithmancer, but she knew enough to follow, and she was very intelligent. Peter was…well, Peter. "That's fascinating!" Lily said happily. "I suppose that will keep you busy for some time." "I suppose it probably will," Lydia admitted, smiling. She shifted a bit, pouring herself some more wine, wondering if she dare mention to Lily the discussion she'd had that morning with Sirius about children. On the one hand, she didn't know what to think about whether she wanted to know more about the back-and-forth James and Lily were going through on trying to decide whether or not to have a child. On the other, she felt she had to tell someone, and if she didn't tell Lily she would have to write to Severus, and she didn't want to think about all the nonsense he would read into such news. No, writing to Severus would only cause trouble. She had better tell Lily. "Sirius and I had a real discussion this morning," she said as casually as possible. "We've come to a very important agreement." "Oh?" Lily asked curiously, and a bit excitedly. "And what agreement is this?" Perhaps she was thinking of proposals or their own ideas of having a child. Lily kept hoping, Lydia knew, that in spite of previous discussions, that Sirius and Lydia would finally get engaged and make things proper between them. "We agreed that we won't talk about children or marriage or any of it until the war is over." Lily's face fell more than slightly and she sighed. "Lydia, Sirius loves you! What if something were to happen to you? What would he have left?" "He would have James," Lydia said simply. While it wasn't nearly the same, Lydia knew perfectly well that he valued James equally to Lydia, just differently. "He would have your child to dote on." "But what about-" "I am not you, Lily," Lydia said simply. "Sirius and James are quite a lot alike in many ways, but I am not you, and Sirius and I are not like you and James." Lily seemed to be realizing this for the very first time, and it seemed to cause her quite a shock. Lydia hadn't meant to be so short with her best friend, but it was something she had been thinking for quite a while, and it felt good to say it. Lily had always had this expectation that when she was happy, everyone else could be happy in the same way, and it just wasn't true. Marriage would not make Sirius and Lydia happier. It was likely to make Lydia resent him. "Well, I guess you're right," Lily finally said, and as soon as she said the words Lydia knew that she was resigned to them. Otherwise, she wouldn't have said them, or at least couldn't have said them with such conviction. "Shall we have a girl's night without any hindrance, then?" Lydia pressed. "Let's have a really good time, like when we were in school. Lily drained her wine, smiling as she set down her glass. "Agreed," she said firmly. "I've brought a new shade of nail polish, and I think it will go beautifully with your eyes.
Lydia had begun a series of equations to deal with events and their duration, which was sort of a crossover with Divination in some respects, but the goal was to use Arithmancy in order to chart out roughly how long ongoing events would last, based on a variety of factors. She had tested it with small things, that she didn't know the duration of, like how long it would take her to finish reading certain books, how long it would take Lily to crochet the hat she had been working on, how long it would take Sirius to notice that she had moved his keys to his bike. After testing on subjects of varying lengths, she was going to do it on a full map of something that was really significant, the reason she had started the whole project, because if she could predict this she would have a publisher for everything she ever dreamed up, no questions asked. Lydia Rowe was going to predict the end of the war, using numbers. Sirius was out for the day with James and the other Marauders, although not doing anything for the Order. That gave Lydia the clarity of mind and time she needed for such a project. As soon as she gathered her thoughts, Lydia pulled out several sheaves of parchment, carefully laying them out on the hardwood floor, an inkwell in hand as she knelt down beside the parchment she spread out. She licked her lips and selected from her desk her favorite quill for such occasions, dipping it carefully into the inkwell and thinking of where to start. Lydia had been studying old news stories for a while, taking careful notes, so carefully read and reread that she no longer needed to look at them before beginning her equations from the beginning. The most frustrating and difficult thing as she began the calculations was the immense number of variables involved in this particular case study. She mused momentarily whether she might not be better off using a Muggle calculator, and she bit her lip, wondering if she had one stashed away in her things. She didn't think so. She had been doing maths entirely by hand since well before she ever went to Hogwarts. It had never seemed quite right to her, to do them any other way, when her own hand was usually faster than the calculator and all the buttons. It was a very painstaking process, dealing with all the nuances of the war, the careful calculations. There were some variables she could not number, like the members of the Death Eaters, and she had to guestimate to the best of her ability. She hoped that the error involved from those such numbers wouldn't be too awfully large. It was difficult enough to do this process at all, especially so without proper numbers. But she couldn't very well write to Severus and ask for a headcount. She wasn't sure he wouldn't give it to her, but she wasn't sure he wouldn't think it intelligence from the Order instead, sending her in to spy on them. No, Lydia would have to make do with what she had, and the calculations began to cover several sheets of parchment. She was very punctilious, knowing that any mistake would be difficult to catch later, or to rectify even if she could find it. These were very complex theorems and equations she was dealing with. At the decent stopping point of having put down all her input, Lydia got herself a cup of tea and brought it with her back to the study, where she began carefully pairing down the equations, trying to see where the end came. But as she continued to add together the varying factors, even accounting for error, the final numbers only increased at alarming rates until she realized that they were tending very strongly toward infinity. "No," she groaned, leaning back against the leg of her chair. "No, no, no! There has to be an end! Everything has an end, especially war!" She set down her quill and began carefully searching for some error, but there was nothing she could find. But the war had to have an end. Unless… Unless the infinite number somehow signified not the end of the war, but the end of Voldemort's rule, his new world order that he hoped to institute. Lydia began tracing over her input values, trying to decide if that was what it could mean. Indeed, it could be identified in that way. Unless something very, very drastic happened, according to Lydia's calculations, Voldemort was going to win. Her heart began to pound in her chest and she wondered if she could start all over, convince herself that the equations were rubbish and abandon the project like there was still some sort of hope. She rubbed her eyes, trying to calm her breathing so she didn't send herself into a panic attack with no one around to help her. Scrambling to her feet when she could not calm her breathing, Lydia rushed to get the last vial of calming draught they had in the house and downing it without bothering to glance at it or smell it or anything. She knew when she brewed it. It would be fine. As soon as the liquid settled inside of her she could fell her whole body relaxing and she tried to focus on what to do with the calculations. Lydia decided that the best thing to do was to go and pick up a few things in Diagon Alley that she needed for brewing and come back and think about the equations later. She was obviously in no state to deal with such a mess. So, Lydia grabbed her coin purse and her cloak and set off for Diagon Alley, wand in hand just in case something bad were to happen, as Sirius warned her every time she went out of doors. She strolled right up to the apothecary, barely glancing around her. It was when she entered and bumped right into a dark-haired person that she froze, for she would recognize that person anywhere. Severus turned at looked at her with mild surprise, as though he'd never seen her before. Indeed, Lydia tried to count back and realized she'd not seen him at all in eight months. Why did it feel like it was only yesterday, then? "Sorry," she said awkwardly, breathlessly. "I should have paid more attention." He was looking at her pupils. "Have you taken a calming draught?" Lydia felt her face flush. Trust Severus to always know if she'd taken a potion of any kind. He was aware of every side effect known to man. "Ah, yes, actually," she said, moving out of the doorway so that no one ran into her, leading him down the aisle toward the beetle eyes. "I was working on a calculation and the result was…troubling. I didn't want to deal with a panic attack while I was home alone, so I…" "Of course," Severus said in his smooth voice. Lydia hadn't realized how much she had missed that voice until it rolled into her ears. It was unfair, really, that she had to make such difficult choices. "What are you brewing, then?" "Oh, I'm just stocking up, generally," Lydia said awkwardly. She knew that he could tell she was making potions for Healing. He could see the ingredients for hundreds of potions and know what was to be brewed, without a hint beyond the ingredients. "We're just a bit low on…everything, really." Severus nodded, his eyes searching hers. Lydia had the most strange sensation when looking at him, that his eyes were turning liquid before her gaze, and she wondered if there was liquid in the core of eyeballs, and if there was what its viscosity was like. This was why she hated taking calming draught. Her mind thought of the most ridiculous things, and she found herself feeling embarrassed for even thinking. "Here, let me help you with that," he said as she tried to scoop the beetle eyes into the bag with one hand, while the bag tried to flap closed. Severus took the scoop from her and she held the bag open for him to pour the eyes in. "Do eyes have liquid in them?" she asked finally, unable to contain herself anymore. Severus paused for a moment. "Beetle eyes?" Lydia shrugged. She really meant human eyes, but she didn't think this was the time or place to ask Severus such a question. "There is a fluid, yes," Severus said. Lydia nodded, pleased to know that she wasn't mad. "Is it very thick?" "It's like water, really," Severus said, shrugging. "Beetle eyes have a very thick shell that human eyes don't have, so we can crush them and make a paste, but you couldn't do that with a human eyeball." She frowned, realizing that he must have somehow seen into her thoughts. Severus had mentioned that You-Know-Who did that. Perhaps he had learned as well. They worked together to gather up the rest of her ingredients, and Lydia realized that he had already purchased his, that he was using her shopping as an excuse to spend a little more time in her company before she went back to Sirius's house and he went back to Spinner's end and they saw each other in what Lydia felt was likely to be another eight months. She had missed this, his closeness, his discussion on the right way to brew various potions, to make various pastes. "I think that's everything," she finally said, when she could no longer think of anything else she would reasonably be able to use. Severus did not look particularly put out, but Lydia could tell that there was a subtle fall in his countenance. She knew him better than anyone. Lydia paid for the ingredients, thanking the apothecary before walking with Severus out into the Alley. "I suppose I really should be going," he said softly. "I…I have a client who wants a potion rather…urgently. The sooner I begin, the better." Translation: You-Know-Who wanted him to brew something, and if he didn't get it done on the timeline given, he would be tortured at best. As he began to walk away, Lydia called out. "Wait," she said. He turned quicker than she would have expected, his black eyes glittering but unreadable. "For a calculation I'm doing…. How many…of your colleagues are there?" Perhaps that was the variable she had gotten wrong. It didn't hurt to ask, did it? His face did not change expression, but he watched her for a moment, obviously trying to discern what sort of calculation she could possibly be doing that would require that information. Finally, he shook his head and said, "Honestly, Lydia, I don't know. I could name perhaps a dozen on the spot, but there are many more. We are only allowed to know of a small number, in case…." In case someone was caught, tortured, broken by the ministry or the Order. They could only betray so many people. Lydia knew it made sense, but it was disappointing. She nodded. "That's fine," she lied. "I understand. I…I should get back. I haven't even started dinner yet." Severus nodded and they stared at each other a little longer before turning, walking their separate ways. Lydia felt a brief urge to run after him, but what was the point? No, she steadied herself and Disapparated, glad that the awkwardness was over. At Sirius's house, she knew what she needed to do. She had a purpose in every moment, and she knew she could live up to things that were expected of her. As she went about making dinner, the trip to Diagon Alley and the calming draught had done their purpose: she had forgotten all about her troubling calculations earlier in the day. Just as she was laying out everything on the table, she could hear Sirius unlocking the front door. "We're here!" he called. "Good," Lydia said, poking her head out of the kitchen door to see Lily and James standing there, taking off their coats. "Because dinner is ready for you. You all have impeccable timing." They hurried with getting off their coats and shoes and came into the kitchen as she was pouring some wine. Sirius kissed her gently before sitting down at his place, looking around at the roast and potatoes she had made. "This looks brilliant, love," he said happily. "I take it your day went well," Lydia said, almost teasingly. She didn't want questions about her day, but it was difficult because she could hardly ask questions about his. "Yes, love. It was excellent, thank you," he said. "Did you buy potions ingredients?" Lily asked, gesturing to the empty bags from the apothecary that Lydia hadn't had time to throw in the rubbish bin. "Yes, I was running low on a few things," Lydia responded casually. She couldn't possibly tell them that she ran into Severus. That would be a disaster. But she couldn't rightly tell them about her calculations that morning, either. She didn't want to think how Sirius would react to that. "It was a fairly quick visit. I just forgot to throw out the bags when I was done. Don't worry, I didn't get anything unstable or dangerous." "That's good," Sirius said cheerfully. Lydia wasn't sure what was going on, but she had the distinct impression that it had something to do with either something that happened while he was out, or something that had been said before they came into the house. She looked around at each of them, and they all bore incredibly happy expressions. "What?" she asked. "Why are you all acting like you're on drugs?" She paused. "You're not on drugs, right?" Sirius laughed. "No, no, nothing like that," James said happily. "Only, Lily and I have some news, and we want to tell you…." Lydia raised her eyebrows. They were pregnant. No, no, they couldn't be pregnant. Lily was sitting there, drinking wine. So what was going on? "I'm all ears," she prompted, although she was very anxious. Lily gave James a nod, and he said, "We've decided we're going to try for a baby." Well, it was a step off pregnancy, granted, but still a massive bit of news. Lydia just stared at them for a long moment. In truth, she had rather already thought that they had decided, so it was strange to have them announcing it like everyone hadn't already known that it was exactly what they were going to do. Still, they expected some sort of response, so she smiled and said, "That's wonderful news!" It felt so ridiculously false. Wonderful news would be pregnancy. Wonderful news would be the baby was born. Lydia just felt absurd, even as the words spilled off her tongue. Her mind then traced back as they began to celebrate the non-celebratory event, and she thought of the parchment sprawled out across her study floor. She thought of her calculations. Would it be unconscionable to mention them when her friends were so happy in their decision? Would be to unconscionable not to? Although, Lydia also felt that it likely wouldn't change their decision to have a child, knowing that the war may never end, or that You-Know-Who may win. Lydia still shifted uncomfortably in her chair, trying to decide what she should do about those damned calculations. Her peace had been disrupted by the news, and she could no longer ignore them in her mind. "Lydia?" Sirius asked, frowning. "Love, you seem out of sorts." "I'm sorry," she said, forcing an abashed smile. "I did some calculations this morning, and they didn't turn out how I wanted." "I'm sure you'll figure it out, love," Sirius said cheerfully, kissing her temple. He didn't understand. He couldn't understand. Well, of course he couldn't, if she didn't tell him what there was to understand, but how could she? There was so much…so much she couldn't say about her project. If she tried to explain it to Sirius, he would tell her that she was being silly, and that numbers couldn't predict things, in spite of her evidence. Lily might understand, but it wouldn't change her mind. And, as Lily would certainly point out, numbers could lie. Sometimes, they got it wrong. What if this was one of those times? Why should they live their lives thinking that something was going to happen if it might not? There could be some cosmic event that Lydia's equations couldn't possibly foresee. And that was all perfectly true, so Lydia said nothing, sitting and pretending to be thrilled while her friends continued to celebrate. When they went on to their third drink each, Lydia began to shift uncomfortably in her chair again, anxious to at least put away her calculations. She got up. "What is it?" Sirius asked, touching her leg to try to stop her. "I've just remembered something I forgot to clean up," she said honestly. "Won't be a moment. Lydia went out of the kitchen, headed straight for her study, looking down at the parchment still all over the floor. Very carefully she picked the pieces up, one by one, stacking them in a way that would lead to the best recreation of their current configuration. She had a brief thought of numbering them, but decided that was too much. She glanced around the room, looking for somewhere to put the stack, and she decided to shove them into the bottom drawer of her desk, which was largely empty, but for some packets of quills that she hadn't needed to break out yet. Blinking down at the drawer, she had a sudden urge to burn them, but then, for some reason, her mind moved back to Diagon Alley that afternoon, to her conversation with Severus about eyes, and Severus's own liquid black eyes. Maybe they would have some use…. Just not now.
It was a quiet night for Sirius and Lydia, sitting on the sofa, watching the fire, a glass of wine for each of them as they cuddled. If every night were like this, Lydia might have decided to consent to marriage. She saw less and less of Remus all the time, and it was almost becoming easy to forget that she had ever been in love with anyone else. Not that she was in love with Sirius. But she knew well enough that many marriages had no love involved, that it was about comfort and good treatment. They hadn't fought at all since their first big fight. Even though that fight had been particularly bad, Lydia didn't feel like she should consider that in her gauge of her relationship with Sirius. She hadn't seen any other signs that they would have problems like that. And he hadn't hit her. That was the really important thing. Becoming her own mother was one thing, but becoming Severus's mother was something even Lydia could not stand for. If that were to happen, she didn't care where she ended up, she would leave right then and there. "You smell so good," Sirius whispered, burying his face in her hair and breathing in deeply. She barely had a moment to relish in the feel of his lips against her neck before there was a cracking sound and she saw a phoenix feather and a note materialize on Sirius's lap. Not even showing a sign that he'd been doing anything else a moment before, he was suddenly rapt with attention, his eyes scanning the note. He grew pale as he read. "Is everyone all right?" Lydia asked urgently. "What's happened?" "Raid on a Muggle street," Sirius said, already jumping to his feet. "Our people are fine so far but they need me. Bellatrix is there." Lydia looked up, stunned. She said nothing while Sirius poured the rest of his wine into her glass, setting his on the side table. "Sirius…." "I have to go, love," he said. "She's killed fifty Muggles already, and that's just the ones she's done. I need to go." Lydia just stared up at him, still feeling the shock of what he had said first, not even fully processing this new information. "Sirius," she whispered. "What…" "Don't wait up for me," he said, kissing her forehead gently. "I love you." "But what if you…?" "Don't wait up," he said sternly. "I don't care if you have to take something. If I come home early, then I come home early." But he might not come home at all. The tension in the air was suffocating, thick with unsaid words. Finally, Sirius tore himself away from her and rushed out of the front door. For one brief, mad moment Lydia thought of running out after him, but then she heard his bike start, and the sound of the engine quickly faded into nothing, merely the silent sound of night. For a few moments, Lydia just sat on the sofa, staring at the fire, feeling strangely angry, but she didn't know who or what at. Finally, she got to her feet and went into the kitchen, downing her nearly full glass of wine in one and rinsing it out. She had a flash of a memory of her mother doing that same thing and she dropped the glass, catching it just before it hit the ground. Lydia looked in the mirror behind the kitchen sink and saw her own eyes wide with horror at her realization. She was becoming her mother, and she wasn't as okay with it as she thought she would be. She closed her eyes and she could see the flash of green, could hear Severus's voice telling her to stay where she was. It wasn't the voice of Severus when they were still children, though, but the smooth, deep voice of the current Severus, the one she had seen at Diagon Alley but a month ago. She took in a deep, shaky breath, and let it rattle out again. There would be no sleep if she didn't get rid of these memories. She wanted to write Severus, to beg him…. But he was likely at the raid as well. Lydia was well and truly alone. She poured herself another glass of wine and drank it more slowly than the last, not exactly in sips, but in sizable portions. Pacing the kitchen, wine in hand, she wondered how long she should wait up before sedating herself. She really didn't want to have to take such measures, but as Sirius said, there was a chance… Well, when Bellatrix was there, there was always a chance that he wouldn't make it out alive. His vicious cousin wanted him dead more than she wanted to follow the Dark Lord's instructions to the letter, it seemed. Perhaps it was selfish, but halfway through her glass, Lydia had a thought that if Bellatrix was off killing Muggles and fighting the Order, then at least Lydia was safe for the night. Bellatrix was the person most likely to have the skill and determination to break into Sirius's house and kidnap or torture or kill Lydia, and if she was gone, then perhaps Lydia would be able to sleep easily without a sedative. She finished the wine well not too long after, checking the clock. It was nearly time for her to get to bed if she wanted to wake up at a reasonable hour in the morning. Still, though, even after two and a half glasses of wine she was feeling far too anxious to sleep. Lydia paced the kitchen once more, draining the last drops of wine form her glass and cleaning both it and the glass Sirius had left by the sofa. There was nothing else for it. She went and grabbed a vial of sedative and went to bed, readying herself and climbing into bed with slightly trembling hands. It wasn't that she was alone that made her the most afraid. After all, Lydia was alone quite a lot. She didn't always feel alone, depending on the circumstances, but it was something that, while she would not ask for it, she had gotten somewhat used to, and it no longer frightened her to stare into the darkness by herself. It was more the idea that if something were to happen at that raid, she might be alone…without an end in sight. What would she do if something happened to Sirius? Leaving him outright, that was one thing. She suspected he had written her into his will – for all the Order members had wills, on Dumbledore's demand – and what if he left her his house? It would certainly be strange to leave the house, although she still thought of it as Sirius's, and not like it was home. But it would be even stranger to stay, alone, knowing that it was because someone died that she had a house, all over again. Lydia knew what it was like to live in a house with ghosts, and that was the last thing she wanted. No, if something happened to Sirius, she would leave. Perhaps she would buy her own place, perhaps somewhere closer to Lily and James. She might move in with Lily and James while she was getting her feet on the ground again. Except she didn't want to be a burden to them, not really having a steady income yet, and they were trying to have a child…. It was likely they would put her up regardless, but still. Perhaps…perhaps Remus would take her? Without Sirius wanting her, perhaps he would finally realize that they could be together. It wasn't as if things were totally hopeless…. Were they? He had been acting strange, and she had no idea what he was doing for the Order. But Sirius had been working for the Order as well. Surely that shouldn't preclude any sort of relationship? Lydia curled up into a bit of a ball, staring at the sedative on the nightstand, thinking on whether or not she should take it. She felt an overwhelming sense of fear. What if…Sirius died, and Remus wouldn't take her, what then? If she couldn't bring herself to interrupt the married life of Lily and James while she shopped for a house, if she couldn't get over sleeping alone in a house, Lydia really only had one option left. Somewhere warmer. Of course, this was all providing that Bellatrix didn't kill them all and someone didn't kill Severus, and then Lydia would be well and truly alone, in every sense of the word. At this thought, she trembled, unable to rid herself of the feeling that she was going to lose everything at some point. After all, the war had no foreseeable end, calculations or no calculations. She didn't realize she was crying until a tear fell onto the pillow. She had worked herself up, not into a panic, thankfully, but certainly not into a state that would help her sleep. Lydia wiped her eyes frantically with shaking hands and reached up for the sedative. She was trembling so violently that she nearly knocked it off the nightstand in her attempt to grab it, and she would have hated to clean up that mess. She clutched it tightly, not wanting it to fall as she brought it closer to her. Breaking the seal took her a moment, but she managed to unseal and then uncork the vial, tossing the cork aside, hearing it fall to the floor and then roll off. It would likely be under the bed when she woke in the morning. She tried to steady herself, bringing the vial to her lips, drinking it very quickly, tasting the awful aftertaste on her tongue. Lydia wondered whether she should brush her teeth again, but if she got out of bed she would be fighting the sedative, and she didn't want to think about where that would leave her. Instead she turned over to set the vial on the bedside table. She heard it fall to the ground and shatter and she groaned. Should she clean it up? No, she couldn't afford to fight the sedative. She comforted herself with the thought that Sirius would get in on the other side of the bed and would not likely step in the broken glass with bare feet. If he did, well, he knew enough to Heal himself. The sedative was making her eyes droop, but it did nothing to stem the flow of tears, and as Lydia curled into a ball again she felt them falling off the side of her face and onto the cool pillow. For some reason, everything about the room felt cold. She would have shaken it off as a side effect of the sedative, but she knew that it wasn't. She had been shivering, she realized, or shaking at any rate, and she began to stop doing that as her eyes drooped closed. But as her body relaxed in that way, she felt a sob welling up inside of her. She let it out, just a single sob into the darkness, pulling the covers more tightly around her. Tears were leaking out between closed eyelids. She would have hoped the sedative would stop this, but it did nothing but make her sleepy. Perhaps she had been more upset than she'd realized. Lydia let her thoughts grow muddled as sleep came, feeling all the while the tears leaking out onto her cheek, falling almost rhythmically onto the pillow. It was a mellow, dull rhythm, slow as a funeral dirge, and somehow that thought made her tears come a bit faster, either in defiance of this notion or in an increase of her distress. Sirius might not come back. Remus might not come back. Lily and James and Peter might not come back. And Severus, Severus might die too. And Lydia fell asleep feeling more alone than ever, crying tears she had no control over. Lydia woke the following morning with the sensation of someone holding her tightly, kissing her neck. She stretched, frowning. "Sirius?" she muttered. "Good morning, beautiful." She had no doubt he was smiling, but there was tightness in his voice. He was either worried or upset about something. "Is everyone…?" "All our friends are still alive," he sighed. "But there were seventy Muggle deaths, and a few Death Eaters." Lydia stiffened. Death Eaters being dead implied that someone from the Order had killed them, and she couldn't imagine such a thing previously. "I see you broke a vial." "Did I?" Lydia muttered, screwing up her face and trying to remember. "Oh, yes, after I took the sedative." There was a pause. "And you didn't think to clean it up?" Lydia sat up, looking down at Sirius with a frown. "Honestly? I really don't remember." He just looked up at her. "This isn't what's bothering you, is it?" Sirius just looked up at her still, face a mask of passivity that clearly didn't belong on his features. "Sirius, which Death Eaters died?" He shrugged. "No one I know," he said. Not Severus, then. That was a surprisingly comforting bit of information. They stared at each other for a long while before Lydia finally said, "Who killed them?" Sirius's eyes narrowed slightly and he rolled over, shifting and getting out of bed. Lydia blinked at him, wondering why he'd reacted so forcefully to her question. "Sirius?" "An Order member, Lydia." He didn't bother getting dressed before leaving the bedroom. Lydia sat in bed, listening carefully, and after a moment she heard the sound of the kitchen door closing. Lydia glanced down to make sure Sirius had cleaned up the glass before setting her feet on the ground. She climbed out of bed and pulled on her dressing gown. With tired steps she went out into the kitchen and saw that Sirius had begun tea. "No one I know, then?" she pressed. This was what was bothering him, she knew. She wasn't sure what about it, or why, but the way he'd reacted was surely the reason he'd been tense. "Lydia, don't worry about it," Sirius snapped, pouring tea for the two of them before getting out some eggs. Ah. So there it was. Sirius had been the one to kill the Death Eaters. She didn't know why, or how he was feeling about it, but for some reason it made her feel a bit sick, thinking of him killing someone. "Sirius…." He turned and looked at her and Lydia summoned her courage. "Sirius, how many?" "Lydia, let's not talk about this," he sighed. If he could have, Lydia had no doubt that at that moment he would have declared there to be secrets she couldn't know about. But surely it would be in the papers. "It's in the Prophet, isn't it?" she demanded coolly. "How many Muggles, how many wizards. If no Order members are dead, then…." "I already burned the paper," Sirius said darkly. Indeed, Lydia could see the ashes he had not cleared away before she entered the kitchen. Why would he do that? "How many Death Eaters did you kill, Sirius?" Lydia pressed, and he sighed. "Three." It was a like a blow to the gut. No doubt Severus had killed more people than that, perhaps more in one go, but the idea of sharing a bed with a man who had killed three people the night before made Lydia feel like there was a film on her skin that would take days to wash away. Lydia turned her back to him, trying to collect herself, but she heard Sirius sigh again, moving toward her. "Love, please." Sirius had killed people, perhaps fathers, perhaps children barely out of school, hardly able to call themselves adults. He didn't know them. He couldn't say they truly deserved it. What if they were victims of the Imperius Curse? "Lydia, will you look at me?" She couldn't look at him. She wouldn't. Not while there were tears in her eyes. He touched her shoulder and she jerked away, moving to the door, but somehow unable to leave the room. "Lydia, will you just tell me what's wrong?" How could she tell him that it made her skin crawl to know that he essentially had blood on his hands? "I wish you wouldn't do it," she finally choked out. "What, be in the Order?" he said, frustrated. "Love we've had this talk." "No," Lydia said quickly. "No, killing people." She turned and looked up at him and instead of seeing some sort of sadness or contriteness like she had expected, she saw anger. Instead of promises not to do it again, he said, "I have to, Lydia." "Does James?" Sirius's face contorted. For all Lydia knew, Sirius was the only Order member who had ever killed someone, and that made her back away again. "Are you afraid of me?" he demanded. "No," she said softly. "Then why are you shrinking away?" "Because you're…you're…." Yelling. Angry. Reminding her of her father. Lydia shook her head, unable to speak any of those words. "Why do you do it?" she demanded. "Why did you kill them? You don't even know who they are!" "Lydia, if I didn't kill people, I wouldn't be alive!" Her heart was pounding so hard she thought she could actually hear it. Was this true? But he had just all but said that James hadn't killed people. James was still alive. And if Lily had done it, she would have said, and Lily was still alive. But…but they had both been close to death at one point or another, and no matter how badly Sirius came back to her she had never been afraid of him dying. Was this what he meant? Was his knowledge that she wouldn't sleep until he was home driving him to make such final decisions? "I think I'm going to take a shower," she said softly. Sirius just watched her leave the room, and she wondered if she could get the feeling of that film off her body. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my most faithful reviewer, The Yoshinator, whose interactions with me have driven forward this chapter to completion. I hope it gives you lots to think on! -C
It was a cold, rainy day, as was typical of the autumn in England. Lydia had taken refuge in the bedroom. Sirius was in the kitchen. They hadn't been especially cold to each other, but they hadn't warmed up since the month before when they'd had their fight. Lydia knew that because Sirius hadn't left the house that they would mend it, but it was the sort of thing that would take time. She had a book out on her lap, the Potions book Severus had given her. She hadn't read it in some time, not that she really needed to. She had virtually memorized all his hints and tricks. Still, it was a surprising comfort to read in these hours when she was alone, but not alone. And Sirius didn't walk in on her without knocking lately, so she wasn't too concerned. There was a tapping at the window and she froze. That had to be from Lily. Hopefully nothing was wrong. Perhaps she was announcing a pregnancy or something. Lydia got to her feet, sliding the book under her pillow just in case, opening the window just long enough to let in the owl before shutting out the wind and rain quickly. The owl was soaked, and Lydia popped into the bathroom to grab a hand towel to dry the poor thing off with. It seemed very pleased, and puffed up happily when she'd dried it, the feathers looking especially fluffy. Lydia smiled a little at it's ridiculous behavior and untied the letter, which seemed to have been charmed to repel the elements. Her smiled dropped when she saw the spiky writing on the address, and she could hear her heart pounding in her ears. "Go on, then," she told the owl, perhaps not as kindly as she typically would. Let's get you out of here. I won't reply, not when he's been this silly." The owl was ushered out into the wind and rain and Lydia curled up on the bed again, unsealing and unfolding the letter with trembling hands. This could not be something she wanted to read, but perhaps that meant she needed to read it. Her eyes scanned the hastily written words. Lydia, I have very little time to write. I cannot explain. Even if I could, I doubt you know enough to understand. Something has happened. The Dark Lord wants you dead, or captured. This would not give me nearly as much concern, except that he has designated Bellatrix to do it, and I know she wants you dead. He is after Black as well, although I am not privy to whether he wants him dead or alive, or if they plan to have to first and use you as bait. Frankly, I fear the worst. Do not write back. I beg you to go into hiding, leave the country, do whatever it takes. I know you are stubborn and foolish when it comes to your own well-being, but for once I hope you will do the right thing. -HBP She scanned the letter twice more, her heart still pounding in her ears, trying to decide what to do. It was everything she had feared. She could see the real anxiety in his penmanship, the hasty, sloppy scrawl that she had never seen Severus's writing reduced to no matter what was wrong. Bellatrix was after her, to kill or torture and kidnap, and Lydia wasn't sure what terrified her more. She wasn't sure what terrified Severus more either, but if it was Bellatrix, she could break through their wards given time, and so perhaps the only thing to do was run. "Lydia?" she heard Sirius call from the kitchen. "I'm making tea. D'you want any?" A decision had to be made, and quickly. Did she tell Sirius about the letter? Did she try to talk him into running? If he agreed, would they run away together? If the letter had come before their fight about him killing people, before the film that she couldn't seem to wash off her skin no matter how many showers she took, Lydia was sure that she would have done just that. It would have sealed her fate, ended all chance with Remus, and perhaps they would have gone to America or New Zealand or something, married, had those children Sirius wanted. How could she, though, run away with a man she could hardly be in the same room with? Maybe in a month, but now? "I'm fine," Lydia called, tucking the letter into the book and sliding both back under her pillow as she saw the door open. "Lydia," he said sadly, "I know that we're having a hard time right now, but there has to be some way we can mend this." He paused, his gray eyes shining with unshed tears. How often had he cried when she wasn't looking? "Will you talk to me?" She blinked at him, the letter still burned in her mind so firmly that she could almost feel it radiating heat at her back as she pressed herself against the pillow it was hiding beneath. "Okay," she said slowly, and he sat on the edge of the bed at her feet. "What do you want to talk about?" Sirius sighed, running his fingers through his hair. "I know you're bothered that I've killed people. I'm not too keen on the thought, myself. But it's a war, Lydia." "I know," Lydia said softly. "I know that. But I'm not a warrior, Sirius. I never asked to have any part in this, and it's…it's hard to get used to." They just stared at each other for a long moment, and just as Sirius opened his mouth to say something else, there was a crack and a phoenix feather appeared with a note. Lydia looked away, not wanting to watch his face as he read it, feeling panic building up inside of her. "I've got to run," he said with a frustrated sigh. "We'll talk later, okay?" She nodded numbly, more to have an answer to the question than out of any sort of agreement. As soon as the sound of his bike faded into the distance, her mind began to race and she leapt off the bed, pacing. What if it was now? What if something had been orchestrated to lure Sirius away, to make Lydia more vulnerable? Even Bellatrix would take a few hours to get all the wards down. Unless…unless she'd started before now. How much time would Lydia have, if she was going to run? How would she get away if they were already outside, trying to get in? Of course, the more she tried to think of suitable escapes and possible places to run to, the more she realized that there was nowhere she would be going. She would stand right where she was, because she could not run away alone, and she could not run away with Sirius, the way things were. Lydia felt ashamed at her weakness, or as Severus put it, her stubbornness and foolishness, but she knew her limitations. With a heavy heart, she fell back onto her side of the bed, resigned to the fact that if Bellatrix broke in a moment later, she would have no chance. Lydia had barely come to this conclusion when there was a knock on the door. She tried to wring her hands together, deciding what to do, but her palms were so covered in sweat that she had little success. What if it was Bellatrix? But then she realized how absolutely ridiculous it would be for Bellatrix to knock on the front door, so Lydia grabbed her wand and crept out to the front door, looking in the peep hole. At the sight of the greasy black hair she flung the door open, gasping with shock. "Sev!" she cried, and he hissed and her, hopping inside and shutting the door abruptly. "Stupid girl," he snarled, glancing around the house with quick moving eyes. "I could have been anyone." "I checked the peephole." "You recall learning of Polyjuice Potion?" Lydia's breath caught and she realized that just looking at someone was hardly enough. Still. "No one else could ever convince me they were you," she said, smiling at little, so relieved to see him that she forgot all of the things that were wrong with him being in Sirius's house. "And why are you still here?" he demanded, looking her up and down. "Please tell me you've been packing at the very least." Lydia just stared back at him. She couldn't say out loud, for some reason, that she couldn't leave without Sirius. Perhaps she could have left with Severus, but as much as he wanted her safe, he would not go. Whatever his feelings about You-Know-Who, his being with her would put her in further danger. No one left the service of You-Know-Who and lived long, and there was no corner of the world where they could hide from him. "I thought not," he sighed. "All right, I'm going to put up extra protective spells." Lydia's eyes grew wide as she realized what that could mean and she began to splutter out protests. "This is Sirius's house, Sev! You can't just put up those wards on his house without his permission!" Severus snorted. "Lydia, calm yourself. I won't use anything that will impede his own access to the house, and I doubt very much that he would be upset with me for making sure that you are safer." The bitterness as he spat that out with chilled Lydia slightly, and she simply watched as he pulled out his wand. It was always interesting to Lydia, watching Severus practice magic, particularly defensive spells. For one thing, when he chose to verbalize his incantations, to hear his deep, melodic voice incant was an almost poetic experience, like a reading of some great bard long dead. But then there was also a sense in the air when the spell had been complete, even if it was something defensive like the protective spells he was doing, and something invisible, Lydia always had a sense that there was something electric in the air around her as the spell acted. Most of the protective spells he chose were ones he had either invented entirely or that he had chosen to tweak in some unexpected way. Lydia saw the brilliance in this, because he was likely the only person in the world who could break those enchantments in any reasonable amount of time, with the number he did. When he finished, he looked exhausted. "Would…would you like tea?" Lydia offered nervously. Was it acceptable to offer Sirius's enemy tea in Sirius's house, no matter how good of a friend he was? Severus gave her a forced smirk. "That is not necessary," he said. "Besides, your lover will be home soon, I imagine. I must be away from here before he or his cousin show up looking for you." Lydia was surprised when he pulled her into a hug. "Take care of yourself, you sill girl. There is only so much I can do for you." With that, he let himself out and she heard the crack of Apparition that told her he was gone. Lover. The way he had sneered the word made her think about it long after he had left, when the sound of Sirius's bike grew from a distant buzz into a flat-out roar. There was a pause at the front door and Sirius unlocked it, stepping in, frowning. "Did you change something, Lydia?" he said, confused. "The wards felt different when I crossed them." "Call me irrational," she lied, "but I was feeling a bit…exposed for some reason and I added a few extra. Nothing that would hinder anything, but…. I hope you don't mind." "Of course not," Sirius said quickly, perhaps more out of his desire to reconcile with her than any genuine thoughts on the wards. "Anything you need to feel safe, love." It wasn't too long until Sirius told her that the others were coming over, which amounted to the whole gang of Marauders and Lily, as usual. Whatever he'd been called off to, everyone was looking a bit somber. "I'll make tea and get out some biscuits," Lydia said, and she hurried into the kitchen, mostly to avoid the horrible expressions on the faces of her friends. She busied herself with counting out the teacups while the kettle began boiling the water. She thought they had some biscuits, but now that she was looking for them, they all seemed to have vanished quite completely into thin air. "Have you checked the drawers?" Remus said softly from the edge of the room, watching her. "Sirius sometimes hides sweets from himself in drawers because he's too lazy to open them." Lydia blushed, opening a few drawers until she found the biscuit tin. She could feel Remus watching her, moving closer. Her heart was fluttering and she fumbled a bit with the lid on the tin, trying to handle the weight of his eyes on her neck and the delicate task of opening the tin. She was successful, but barely. His hand was reaching toward her; she could tell by the warmth radiating from it. When his fingertips touched her covered shoulder and moved up the curve of her neck to touch bare skin Lydia thought she might faint. "Does he make you happy, Lydia?" he whispered. She just stood there, staring at the open biscuit tin on the counter, not sure of what to say. Did Sirius make her happy? Well, happy enough, most of the time. But Remus would make her happier. How could she say that out loud, with Sirius in the other room, in his kitchen? Lydia could not bring herself to do it, and so she stared at the biscuit tin, trembling, wondering what Remus would do, what he dared do, when the door to the kitchen swung open. "Lydia?" Lily said kindly, and Remus pulled away, although much more slowly than Lydia would have expected. When she heard him leave the room she turned around and looked at her friend, whose green eyes were dark and her eyebrows were raised. "What was that?" "Honestly?" Lydia sighed. "I have no idea. He just came in and…. I really don't even know what just happened." Lily frowned, putting the biscuits on a tray while Lydia poured the tea. "I don't see much of him these days," Lily said softly. "He's always doing something very secret for Dumbledore, only called in for the big stuff." Lydia could feel her hands beginning to shake as she filled the last tea cup. "You don't think…." She steadied herself, setting down the kettle. "You don't think that Remus might be regretting telling me to be with Sirius, do you?" From the look on Lily's porcelain features, this was exactly what both girls thought, but Lily shook her head and said, "Even if he does regret it, this isn't the way he would behave, you know that." This was as true as anything could be, and it was what made Lydia more concerned than hopeful. What was he seeing that was making him act this way? With everything so secret, Lydia knew she couldn't ask, and she was almost afraid to know, after learning things about Sirius. "Do you think he's had to kill people?" Lydia whispered. "I have no idea," Lily said sharply, in a way that said very plainly that Sirius had told her and James about their fight and that she did not want to get in the middle of it. "Let's take the tea out, shall we?" Lydia said dully, putting the tea on a separate tray. "Oh," she said, picking up the tray and turning to Lily. "Can we just not mention this whole event to anyone, ever?" Namely, Sirius. Lily looked conflicted, but she agreed. By wording it the way she had, Lydia had ensured that not only would Sirius be kept ignorant, but that Lily could not tell James, who would feel honor-bound to tell his best friend of Remus's particular behavior. The boys were looking rested and a bit jolly when the girls entered with the tea and biscuits. Something must have brightened their spirits in the time it took to prepare tea. "Hello, beautiful," Sirius said, pulling Lydia onto the sofa beside him and kissing her temple. It was the most physically affectionate he had actively been in weeks, and it made Lydia feel especially awkward when he kissed her neck on the exactly spot where Remus's fingertips had lingered minutes before. Her eyes met Remus's amber ones, which were glowing. Perhaps Sirius's behavior was a show of sorts, a show of strength, but Lydia did not find herself objecting. Instead she drank her tea quietly, glad that things seemed to return to some semblance of normal, and incredibly glad that she hadn't taken Severus's advice and run. What would her friends have thought to find her gone? Perhaps the house would have been ransacked by Bellatrix had Severus not found her there and put up the extra protections. Perhaps they would have thought her dead. Lydia blew on her tea, thinking it still a little too hot, and she did not participate in the eager conversation about biscuits and cakes. Her mind entered a sort of stupor, waiting for the guests to finish their tea and leave. When they did, Lydia said her sleepy goodbyes and then realized she hadn't properly hidden away the Potions book. She rushed into the bedroom and hid it just in time for Sirius to come in, looking for her with confusion. "Are you all right?" he asked, frowning. "Yes, sorry," she said honestly, giving him a sheepish look and trying to think of a good excuse. "It was cold with all the opening and closing of the door." She pulled on the sweater that was draped over a chair. "I suppose it is getting a bit colder," he said thoughtfully. "I'll do more warming charms on the house." As he left the room, Lydia breathed a sigh of heavily felt relief.
After the incident of him arriving at Sirius's house unannounced, Lydia agreed to meet Severus at Spinner's End for tea, to talk about things he said were urgent. They couldn't be too urgent if they had time to arrange a tea time, but Lydia supposed that everything was relative, and she found herself on the front steps of Spinner's End, waiting for Severus to answer the door. He ushered her in quickly, without a word of greeting, and they went straight to the kitchen. Lydia hoisted herself onto the counter as he handed her a pre-cooled cup of tea. "Perfect, thank you," she said, smiling without having to force it like she'd practiced. "So, what's so urgent? Is it Bellatrix?" "Not exactly," he said slowly. "I…I have to confess, there are things I cannot tell you all of." Lydia had gotten used to this with Sirius, and so it shouldn't have bothered her nearly as much as it did that Severus had to be a bit…convex about things. "I guess," she said, trying not to feel bitter. After all, she didn't share everything with him, either. In all effective ways, they were on opposite sides. It wouldn't be prudent, whatever his issues with Sirius. "What can you tell me? I'm sure you didn't call me all the way up here just to tell me that there are things you can't tell me." He rolled his liquid-black eyes and sat on the counter beside her, lifting his own teacup to his lips to buy time in deciding exactly how to say whatever it is he was about to say. "You are still very much in danger," he said slowly. "From Bellatrix, yes, but there is something…different in it as well. The Dark Lord has several reasons to find use in you, both dead and alive, and I have no sense yet of what he will choose." Lydia shifted on the counter, trying to think of something to say to that, and also trying to decide if Severus expected or even wanted her to say anything. It almost seemed to be unanswerable. "But there's more to it than that," he said darkly. "It's not just you." Well, of course it wasn't just her. This was a war. They had all sorts of targets and objectives. She wasn't really anyone special. She couldn't even duel properly. She wasn't pureblood or Muggleborn or anything. She was just plain and average. He rubbed an imaginary spot on his teacup with his thumb for a moment before sucking in a breath and letting it out with the word, "Lily." Lydia didn't have to ask what he meant. For some reason, Lily was a target. Dead, alive, insane, it didn't really matter how he wanted her or what he wanted with her, but You-Know-Who had some sort of interest in Lily that made Severus uncomfortable, and Lydia knew that this was shaking him to his core. Whatever his beliefs on Muggles, she knew that he loved Lily with a child-like love that was a version of how Sirius looked at Lydia, how James looked at Lily, how Peter looked at cheese. "What can you tell me?" Lydia pressed. "He doesn't want her dead," Severus said slowly. "Yet. But…. She would never join him, Lydia. Sooner or later he will decide it is easier to kill her. I'm worried it will be sooner." Lydia could not make sense of these words for the longest time. Join him? Why would he even want Lily to join him? Sirius, she could understand. James, of course. Remus was a werewolf and therefore worth exploiting. Even Lydia was a half-blood. But Lily Evans Potter was everything You-Know-Who despised, everything he was trying to weed out. There was something very wrong with this. "Are you sure…?" "Of course I'm sure," Severus snapped. "I don't understand it, either. I mean, she is exceptionally talented, of course. With proper application, she could easily be a Potions Mistress." That was saying something, as Lydia could count on her fingers the Potions Masters alive in the world. To have two of the three in England on his side would be a significant boon for You-Know-Who, if Lily were to become one. But she wasn't one, not yet, and so what would he do, force her to study? "What would you have me do?" Lydia said firmly. "He doesn't want her dead. You said so yourself. Even if I could talk her into joining him, I wouldn't do it. And if you want either of us to run away or go into hiding, you know that isn't going to happen. Why did you call me all the way up here?" Severus looked at her, his liquid eyes unmoving, unchanging, almost unreadable. Except that she knew every nuance of every expression his face ever held. "I'll do what I can," she said softly. "But Severus, I'm not in the Oder. I'm not meant to be seeing you. There's not a whole lot I can do, especially where Lily is concerned." "I know," Severus said, his voice tight. "But try?" Lydia finished her tea, nodding as she set the cup down behind her and she said, "Of course I will." He saw her to the door and Lydia wrapped him up in a hug, feeling some of the tension leave his body as they stood there for a moment, clinging to each other. "Take care," she said, finally pulling out of the hug and giving him the best smile she could muster. Severus just watched her open the door, climb onto the front step, look around to make sure no one was watching, and then she Disapparated, the last sight of him being the melancholy look in his liquid-black eyes. When she arrived back at Sirius's house, she felt a sense of loss, but her mind was already turning with ways to deal with the information he had given her, in spite of her inability to do much. She couldn't be totally helpless. "Lydia?" Sirius called from the bedroom. "Where were you?" Her heart raced as she moved into the bedroom, realizing that it was starting to get darker out, and that she had spent more time with Severus than she had intended. Sirius had such a good sense of smell. What if he realized…? "I went to meet with a publisher," she said loftily, trying to convince herself of the lie. "And then I made a stop at the apothecary, but I didn't end up buying anything. The price of salamander livers is ridiculous right now." Sirius laughed, smiling up at her like he'd done for the longest time when she'd first moved in. Lydia sat down on the bed, trying to feel like she was happy, trying to fool herself and him so that they didn't have to talk about anything, but Sirius kissed her temple and said, "What's wrong, love? Publisher didn't have good things to say?" "Oh, the publisher was bust, but mostly because he was an idiot," she sighed, already buying into her own imaginary publisher. She'd given him qualities and a ruddy complexion and everything. "No, I was just…thinking about other things." Sirius frowned. "What other things?" Lydia shrugged, trying to make her mouth form the words to say that it wasn't important, but it really, really was. "We've been out of school for a while now," she said softly, kicking off her shoes and pulling her knees to her chin. "And it feels like everything's just getting worse around us all the time. I mean, weren't we supposed to change the world?" "We are changing the world," Sirius said gently, wrapping an arm around her. "It's the sort of thing that takes time." "Time," Lydia said bitterly, "and the blood of a lot of very good people." Before she realized what was happening, she was curling up against Sirius, choking back tears. He made soothing sounds, trying to get her to calm down. But she had to admit it, or admit something. "I'm afraid," she whispered. "I'm afraid all the time. I mean, the war is such a part of our lives, and what if you die, or what if they…what if…." She couldn't bring herself to say what if she was used as a target to get to him, because that would suggest a level of contemplation about the war that she didn't want to admit to. "I love you," Sirius whispered, kissing the apple of her cheek. "And I am going to make sure that everything is all right. I promise." Lydia barely listened to his promise because she already knew what he was going to say, and knew that it meant nothing, really. There was nothing he could actually promise her that she could really believe in regard to the war. He couldn't know what he would go through. He couldn't know the plans of You-Know-Who. She looked up into his eyes and saw them full of pity and she hated that pity. Closing her eyes and struggling both with her anger and her need for comfort, Lydia leaned forward and pressed her lips to his, feeling him respond almost instantly to the kiss, his fingers tracing into her hair and pulling her closer. Although their sexual routine from earlier in their relationship had been disrupted a few times, there was still a familiar, habitual quality to the way they prepared to make love. Sirius wasn't a habitual person where sex was concerned, but he had learned quickly that she fount routine to be comforting, and so he changed very little from encounter to encounter unless she asked him to. Lydia shifted them so that she was on her side, rolling him on top of her, feeling his body tense with excitement at the obvious invitation for sex. Since they'd had their fights, he seemed even more pleased every time she let him sleep with her. Lydia could almost feel herself relaxing into his hold, the goosebumps rising on her skin at his touch. When he kissed down her neck, desperately trying to turn her on, Lydia leaned her head back, closing her eyes and imagining them back at Hogwarts, safe in his bed in their dormitory. She could still picture so clearly in her mind's eye that first time they'd made love, how frightened she had been then, how nervous, and how easily Sirius had made her feel comfortable, safe, loved. She tried to tap into that emotional moment as he entered her, feeling the warm ecstasy rapidly fill her body, the sensation spreading to her fingertips in moments. She needed to catch that feeling, that one tiny moment of feeling, and cling to it. It was slippery, though, and something in her shrank away from the attempt to hold onto it. It slipped away almost as quickly as the high of her climax, and as they cuddled together she was already feeling the fear and discomfort and guilt that she had been feeling before, although the anger seemed to have dissipated. Sirius kissed her forehead. "Lily and James asked us over for dinner tonight, if you want to go." Lydia turned it over in her mind. She did want to see Lily and James in their "natural habitat" as she had begun mentally referring to their Godric's Hollow cottage, but she also had so much work she wanted to get done. Perhaps she would take her notes with her. "D'you think they would mind if I brought some work?" "Of course not," Sirius snorted. She gathered up her things and took everything but her calculations on the war with her. Sirius brought some wine for dinner, and they went to see their best friends. The dinner went well, and that was judged by the fact that Lydia hardly accomplished anything. Just as they were going to leave, Dumbledore showed up at the front door. His blue eyes were very sad, but he seemed surprised and pleased to see Sirius and Lydia at Lily and James's place. "What's happened?" Sirius said, already pulling out his wand, seemingly subconsciously. "I'm afraid I have some very bad news, although not as bad as I thought it to be moments ago," Dumbledore said, sitting the four of them down. "Your street, Sirius, has been obliterated by Death Eaters. No survivors possible. We were certain that you and Lydia were dead." Lydia could feel her heart pounding in her throat at this news. Was this something Severus had known about, or had he not been aware that such a move was going to be taken? How would she let him know she was alive? She was also instantly thankful that she had thought of doing work while at Lily and James's house, or all her work would likely be lost. "What's being done?" Sirius said, his face pale with shock. If Lydia had decided they should stay home instead, they would have been dead. "The Aurors are handling this one," Dumbledore said. "I will send word to Frank to recover as much of your things as possible and have them brought…?" "Here," James said firmly. "They'll stay here until they're back on their feet." Lily began nodding eagerly, and she hopped up to ready the guest room, no doubt. Lydia said some soft words of gratitude and Sirius's mouth just flopped open, then closed again. He was having a hard time processing that this was actually happening to him. Lydia got up to help Lily with the sheets and she realized that she could have been Artemis. This was exactly what happened to Artemis. There were plenty of people, obviously who were dead in that way tonight, and it so easily could have been her too. "Does Sirius sleep with one pillow, or two?" "One," Lydia said, watching Lily toss a couple of pillows onto the bed. "Lily, I'm afraid." "Don't be," Lily said firmly, hugging Lydia. "You know why they blew up the street, don't you?" Lydia shook her head. "Bellatrix got frustrated. She's been trying to get to you for ages, but those extra spells Sev put up kept her out." Lydia pulled away from the hug, startled, and Lily laughed. "Do you honestly think, Lydia, that I would believe it was your work? Even if he taught you. I'd recognize his signature anywhere. He should just hope that Bellatrix didn't. Anyway, if you're thinking she'll do it again here, she won't. For one thing, there's too many purebloods in this neighborhood, and for another she wasn't supposed to kill Sirius. Our intelligence is a bit ambiguous on whether he wants you dead or alive right now, but Sirius he definitely wants alive. I expect she'll pay cruelly for her impatience." In a way, in a strange and twisted way, Bellatrix's impatience had saved Lydia's life. If she'd been patient just one day longer, Lydia would no doubt be dead. "Lily?" James said, knocking on the door and stepping into the guest room. "Sirius and I are going to get some of their things from the salvage." "Be safe," Lily instructs, as if that's the sort of thing James has an infinite amount of control over and he nods, turning to Lydia. "Is there anything in particular you want us to look for?" he asks her kindly. Lydia thinks for a moment. She has the part of her work that matters with her. Quills, ink, she can replace all that. Sirius had bought her all those clothes anyway. "Books," she choked out. And… Her eyes darted to Lily and she said. "Actually, there is one thing, I'd rather Sirius didn't know about because he'd freak out, but there's a book I'd hidden in a cut I'd made in my side of the mattress…. A Potions book." James nodded knowingly and assured her that he would make certain to get it if it wasn't burned beyond repair. They could hear the boys leaving by Sirius's motorbike, and Lily scrutinized Lydia for a moment before she said, "Tell you what, let's make some tea and talk about nothing in particular." It sounded wonderful, nothing in particular. Lydia couldn't help but agree. They made their way into the kitchen and Lydia felt like she was wading through water instead of walking in normal air. As Lily put the kettle on, Lydia wondered whether she ought to mention to her friend after all that conversation she'd had with Severus earlier in the day, the one that had foretold the tragedy she found herself living in somehow. Lily could forgive a Potions text, she could even seemingly push aside the knowledge that Severus had stood in Sirius's house, putting up extra protective charms. But Lydia did not want to test how far her best friend's forgiveness could run in regards to Severus. "You should get ready for bed," Lily said after they finished their tea and conversation about nothing in particular. "The boys should be back soon, but you look ready to fall over. If you need a toothbrush, I think we've got an extra lying around, and you can borrow anything you need from me." "Thanks, Lily," Lydia said, getting ready for bed quickly, using as little of her best friend's things as possible before climbing into the guest bed, feeling the strange sensation of a new bed in a new room. When Sirius bought a new place, she would feel this all over again. Not too long after, Sirius snuck into the room and Lydia pretended to already be asleep. She didn't know why. Anything he would say she would have to face in the morning, but she just kept her eyes closed and her breathing steady as he climbed into bed, kissed her neck and murmured, "I love you, Lydia. I'm so glad I didn't lose you." She realized he was crying, hugging her against him, but she stayed as lip as possible, pretending to be asleep as he cried himself out on her shoulder.
They were moved into a new place within the first week of December and had settled in well by the time Christmas came around. Sirius had specifically gotten a place with a larger study for Lydia, and had it adjusted for her needs. Lydia had no real complaints. They were having Christmas with the Potters, at Godric's Hollow, and all their friends were there, which amounted to Remus and Peter. Lydia hadn't paid a lot of attention to the party, trying to decide whether she would dodge Remus's attentions, should he provide them, or not. After all, this wasn't Sirius's house. "More wine?" James said, pulling out a fresh bottle and offering some to Lydia, who refused. Sirius took some more, as did Peter, and Remus had a small refill. It was then that Lydia noticed something that she hadn't noticed earlier, and she probably should have done. James was filling his own glass when she squeaked with shock. "What?" Sirius asked, concerned. "What's wrong?" "Lily's not drinking!" Lydia gasped. Lily's lips twitched to hide her smile and James instantly began to drink from his own glass for the same purpose. Sirius raised his eyebrows, obviously not getting it. "Well, she doesn't have to drink, love. I don't…." His expression suggested that he had finally figured out what all the fuss was about and he turned to a laughing Lily and James, who were obviously enjoying the look on his face. "Really?" he said, excitedly. "Yes," Lily said happily, tapping her glass to fill it with more water. "I'm pregnant. Due in July." There was a mess of congratulatory sounds and clapping James on the back. Everyone hugged Lily, and Lydia beamed at her friend. She had been nervous about this whole pregnancy idea before, but now that it was a reality Lydia found herself immensely pleased by it all. The group adjourned to the kitchen for the turkey dinner Lily had prepared and the buzz was still all about the baby. "Boy or girl?" Remus asked, smiling as James carved a bit of turkey off and gave it to Remus. "We won't know until the meeting with the Healer next week," Lily said, smiling. "But I think we both want a boy." It was interesting. Lydia would have guessed that Lily would have wanted a girl. James, sure, wanted a whole Quidditch team full of boys, all named James, Jr., but Lily seemed the type to want a little girl to dress up. "Is the Order going to have you doing missions while you're pregnant?" Lydia suddenly said, feeling very concerned and slightly nauseous at the thought. Lily patted Lydia's hand. "No, we talked to Dumbledore this morning," Lily said. "He's only going to have James do things if he absolutely needs him, and I'm on hold until after the baby is born and I won't be put in regular rotation again until it's weaned." Peter frowned slightly at the word "weaned" as though it sounded alien to him. And then there was a look of comprehension as he realized that weaning had to do with breasts and he turned pink. Lydia would have thought it funny if Sirius wasn't snickering in the corner about it. She felt a bit sorry for Peter, always being the butt of the joke. "Well, it's good that you're getting plenty of time off," Lydia said, the anxiety she had previous felt about children being born during this war coming back, forming a pit in her stomach and seeping discomfort out to the rest of her body a little at a time. James noticed her worried expression. "Lydia, it's going to be all right," he assured her, giving her another glass of wine and passing the cranberry sauce. "We've given this a lot of thought, as you know, and when all is said and done, no matter what, we want this baby. Everything will turn out fine." "Of course it will," Lydia said thickly, but she couldn't even convince herself, and Sirius and Remus were both giving her concerned looks and she just wanted them both to stop looking at her. She ate the rest of the lovely Christmas dinner in silence, listening to the hum of the conversation about the coming baby like nothing was happening around her. After people had their fill of dinner, James announced that they should take dessert after a while in by the wireless, and Lily agreed, asking Lydia to stay and help her with the dessert and tea preparations while they boys did whatever they were doing in the next room. Sirius lingered for a while, kissing Lydia on the cheek and saying, "Relax, darling, it's Christmas," before hurrying off to the wireless, already telling Peter that it better not be Celestina Warbeck. Lydia rolled her eyes as the boys fought audibly over the wireless and she turned to the counter, where Lily was already gathering pies she'd prepared earlier. "How do you have time for all this baking?" Lydia asked, impressed, picking up a tray and filling it with biscuits in an artistic way. "Oh, I don't know," Lily said with a shrug. "It's not so bad when it's done with magic. I remember baking with my mother as a child and it would take all day, but doing the dinner and everything took about an hour, and the baking took maybe two, but I had to do the lemon pie twice because the meringue turned out pathetic and infected the whole pie with its patheticness." "Well, the new one looks great," Lydia offered. Lily grinned. "Thanks! I'd like to think so. You know, I think I'm getting the hang of this housewife thing." Lily shouldn't have been a housewife. She should have been off curing illnesses that had been plaguing the wizarding world for centuries, solving runic translations that had puzzled scholars since their discovery. But because of the war, she had no time or safe way to engage in such things. It was everyone's loss. "I'm trying to think of names," Lily said, "but James isn't helpful at all. He wants James, Jr. if it's a boy, and Jamie if it's a girl." Lydia giggled a little. How could she possibly have guessed? "Well," Lydia said, frowning once she'd sobered herself, working with the biscuits. "What about Doreen?" "Ugh, that's disgusting." "Io?" Lily considered this one for a minute. "I know that it's not uncommon for wizards to use classical names," Lily said slowly. "But I think I want something a bit more normal. With consonants, preferably." "Clover?" "I said normal, Lydia. Not, hello, I'm a fucking field!" Lydia thought for a moment that she should point out to her best friend that clover didn't only grow in fields, but she decided that since Clover Potter sounded ridiculous, perhaps it didn't really matter. "Enya." Lily seemed to like this name, although, as she pointed out, "Well, it's Irish, Lydia. We're not Irish. But then, it is pretty. Well, perhaps as a middle name, then." Lydia then set about arranging sweets on another tray while Lily prepared some eggnog. "Heidi?" "Oh, I do like that one," Lily said excitedly, finding a scrap of parchment in a drawer and scribbling the name down quickly before returning to her stirring. "Here, taste this." Lydia did so, and told Lily that the eggnog had too much milk in it. Lily began fixing the proportions as Lydia searched her brain for names. "Terrence." "No, no, no, there's that awful Slytherin boy named Terrence." Lydia had forgotten all about him. She promptly apologized. "Silas." Lily frowned slightly. "You know, it's a nice name, but it's still a bit…well, a bit too uncommon for what I really want, and James already has called James as a middle name if it's a boy. I can't really blame him. Since I won't give him the first one." She paused, holding out more eggnog for Lydia to test. "I find I like the name James, too." "Perfect," Lydia said, smiling, knowing that the eggnog would please Sirius, at the very least. She didn't know how the other boys like their eggnog. "I suppose Octavius is out, then?" Lily shuddered and Lydia laughed. "Bethany?" "Bethany," Lily said. "Bethany Potter. I like it." She scribbled down that name as well. "Hannah." "Oh, I really like that," Lily said excitedly, writing it down. "Well, if we have a girl we'll have lots to choose from!" Lydia wasn't sure what the odds of a girl were, but from what she had read, it was far more likely that they were going to have a boy. James was an only child, but his father had had two brothers, both of whom died before James was born. And not only that, but Lily and James had been trying for a child, which Lydia understood made them actually biologically more likely to have a boy. She didn't know why it worked that way, only that it did. "Anything else we need to organize before we go out?" Lydia asked. "Yes, I thought we ought to put out some tarts," Lily said happily, as though making a dozen pies and several dozen tarts in a few hours was a perfectly normal thing to do for six people at Christmas, "and maybe a bit of fruit and cheese, for Peter. He's not as fond of sweets." Lydia nodded while Lily arranged the tarts, and she got out another tray, organizing a bit of fruit on it before going to the refrigerator for cheese. She grabbed three hard cheeses and three soft and started to slice the hard cheeses. "I'm trying to think of names for boys," Lydia said, frowning as she sliced the cheese carefully. "I don't want you stuck with no options except James." Lily moaned. "Merlin forbid." "I take it Osborne's a no." "I didn't even know that was used as a first name." Lydia cocked her head to the side. "I don't think they do, anymore." She hummed. "Gordon?" "Too Scottish." "Miles?" "Miles," Lily repeated. "Miles James Potter. It's not bad, but…. I don't know; it's not quite right." "I see what you mean," Lydia said with a nod. "It does sound a bit clunky." She began to arrange the soft cheese on the platter, careful that there was enough for the break Lily got out for it and sliced, but not so much that Peter would stuff himself entirely. Of course, that was what they were all going to do, anyway. That was what Christmas with friends and good food was for, stuffing your face and pretending that it didn't matter that you felt bloated and awful in the morning when the hangover began to set in and you were still too full for breakfast. "Well, do you want it to be an English name?" I asked. "Does it have to be English?" Lily shrugged. "It doesn't have to be English, exactly. But it has to sound normal with the rest of the very-English name." Names floated through Lydia's head, but she'd been raised to think of things in the pureblood naming tradition, so most of the things she thought of were incredibly out of the realm of what Lily was looking for. It was too ancient, too traditional, too foreign, too modern…. "Julianna, for a girl," Lydia said thoughtfully. "Then she'd have James's initials. I think he'd like that." "Yes, I think he would," Lily agreed. She scribbled down the name. "Frederick?" "Ugh, no, too long. Too formal." "You could call him Fred. Or Freddie." "No. No, I don't like it." Lydia shrugged. She didn't think it was so bad, but it wasn't her child. She almost laughed at the absurd thought of her having a child, of sitting around trying to name it. Just another reason to avoid that nightmare. "Well, I'm sure we'll think of something," Lily said finally, this declaration letting Lydia know that they were done preparing food. "We've got nine months. Now, let's go feed the boys." The Marauders were speaking in very low tones when Lydia and Lily came in, and Lydia heard Remus say, his back turned to them, "If we can't figure out who the spy is, then we have no prayer of stemming the flow." "Spy?" Lydia said, setting down a tray of sweets, and then the tray of fruits and cheeses. "What spy?" Remus looked up at her, shocked, and Sirius's face went white. "Nothing, Lydia," Sirius said quickly. "Nothing to worry about." Remus and James raised their eyebrows at each other. Apparently there was something to worry about, and Lydia wasn't going to let this happen to her again. "Tell me, Sirius," Lydia demanded, and he opened his mouth, obviously to begin arguing with her, but James stopped him. "Sirius, you can't just keep things from her. She had all of her belongings blown up. This isn't something trivial. It's her life, too." Lydia felt an instant rush of gratitude for James, and she sat down beside Sirius, who looked very torn. "The Order has secrets, James," Sirius said darkly. "We've already got a spy. We don't need information floating around-" "Lydia's hardly going to run off and tell Death Eaters of things going on in the organization," Remus argued. Lydia could feel Lily's eyes dart over to Lydia, burning holes in her with their intensity. "Besides, as you just pointed out, they've already got a spy in the Order. What could we tell her that they don't already know?" Sirius looked very uncomfortable about this, but finally he relented and said, "Dumbledore told us last week that we have a spy, but even he doesn't know who it is. Could be any of us, really." "Anyone?" Lydia said, suddenly looking around at her friends and wondering…. But that was utterly ridiculous. None of them could possibly be a spy, because being a spy meant being a Death Eater, and she knew these people, these five people sitting around her. It wasn't possible. Lily was Muggleborn. James was married to her, and they were having a baby. And Sirius, she'd shared a bed with Sirius for quite some time now. She would know if he…if…. And Peter was Peter, just a sweet, kind boy who bumbled a bit through life but was harmless and good-intentioned, really. And Remus… Remus loved her. He was acting strange lately, but even that wasn't enough to make her think that he'd changed so much from the boy he'd been in school. Whatever it was about him that was changed, it wasn't anything that had effected his feelings for her, if nothing else, and that was enough for Lydia to trust him. So it had to be someone else. Lydia did not know most of the people her friends worked with all the time, and so she had no idea who it was that they weren't supposed to trust. "Nobody," she whispered, looking at Sirius, who still looked a bit pale, "who is not already in this room, is getting into our house, Sirius." "Dumbledore," Lily offered. "Fine," Lydia snapped, grabbing a tart. "Dumbledore. But no one else." "Of course," Sirius said, putting his arm around her. This was as much a promise as a demand, and she knew that Severus, as much as she cared about him, would not be so easily admitted a second time into Sirius's house. She trusted him, but if she was being fair she really didn't know how much he told the Death Eaters about her, about Sirius. Surely, by now, You-Know-Who knew that she and Severus had been childhood friends. She could hardly believe that Severus had gotten away with telling nothing that he knew of Lydia. "Let's celebrate," Lily said, smiling. "I'll be right back with the eggnog and, there are pies in the kitchen if anyone wants to help themselves to it. This is Christmas. We shouldn't be sitting here moping about." Sirius poured the eggnog for everyone and Lydia curled up closer to him, holding her eggnog with a tight hand. It didn't feel quite right, celebrating when they could all die. Did Death Eaters take Christmas off? What if Bellatrix Lestrange was standing outside that very moment? She was being silly, of course, and after a few rounds of eggnog and a large amount of sweets, she was sated in her disastrous thoughts, sinking into Sirius, hardly caring that he was drunkenly running his hands up and down her leg while they sat, right in front of Remus, right in front of everybody. Peter ate half the cheese platter and would have had more if others hadn't eaten some first. Lily was the only one who wasn't laughing drunkenly by the end of the night, and Lydia had a vague, momentary thought that Lily would have such stories to tell in the morning. The thought was quickly chased away when she caught Remus's eye over the chocolate tray and saw the burning in the amber irises, and for a moment she wondered if it was his hand running up her leg, but then she realized that she could see both his hands and neither of them were on her. And she felt guilty for thinking about his hands in that way when she remembered that it as Sirius's hand on her. And then she started to get dizzy while still sitting down. "Let's go home," Lydia muttered, barely hearing the slur in her words as she clutched at Sirius's shoulder. "I'm…I'm tired." "Okay," he said, his voice closer than she'd expected it to be. They made proper attempts to say goodnight, and then Lily insisted that she send them home by Floo so they wouldn't splinch themselves, and Lydia heard the sound of Lily saying the address of Sirius's house, and Sirius pushing her into the grate, and a few minutes later she could feel Sirius pulling her off to bed, peeling her clothes off her, and then she blacked out.
Sirius took New Year's Eve very seriously, and so Lydia tried to take it just as seriously. They were going to have it at Sirius's new house, but Lily insisted that if she wasn't able to drink than she should at least be allowed to host, so they moved the affair to Godric's Hollow. Lydia was holding her champagne more than drinking it. She didn't really have a taste for the stuff, but Sirius and James insisted that it was the best way to bring in the New Year, the year in which James and Lily's child would be born. "How are you feeling?" Lily asked, coming up beside Lydia and smiling at her barely-touched glass of champagne. "Do you want me to get you something else to drink? I think I've got the stuff for a gin and French, if you want." "No, no, it's fine," Lydia said, quickly weighing the likelihood Sirius would be upset with her with the likelihood that he wouldn't remember anything in the morning. She didn't really want to risk it. Things had been good with Sirius lately and she'd rather they stay that way. "You look rather grumpy over here in the corner," Lily teased. "If it's not because you're sober, why is it?" Lydia took a moment to wonder that herself, as she didn't have a concrete reason why she would be feeling down. Except…. "Six is too few," she said softly, not wanting the boys to worry. "We should have Mary and Artemis with us. This isn't right." Even though it had been so long since they'd lost their friends, Lydia often felt their loss as though it had just occurred, very painfully and in the pit of her stomach. Especially Mary's, which sometimes still haunted Lydia's nightmares. Just a few days ago, Sirius woke her up from a nightmare about finding Mary's body, and told her she'd been crying and thrashing. Lily suddenly froze and glanced over to the boys, who were – except for Remus – drunkenly pulling on coats and boots. "What are they doing?" Remus shrugged, watching them. "I think they want to play in the snow," he said casually while the other three Marauders bounded out into the yard. "I'm going into the kitchen where I can watch them," Lily said darkly. "They're not dying of hypothermia on my watch." Lydia would have laughed, but Lily didn't seem to think it was a laughing matter, so instead she poured her champagne into the glass Sirius had set down before running outside. Remus chuckled. "I take it you don't want the champagne," he said, moving a bit closer. "Did Sirius insist?" "When does Sirius not insist?" Lydia said, surprised to find that her voice was almost teasing. "I'm tempted to take Lily up on that gin and French but…." "But what?" Remus asked, moving a bit closer. Lydia's heart was pounding. "I don't know what he'd say," Lydia said, looking up into Remus's amber eyes. "What if he walked in and saw me drinking something else?" "What if he did?" Remus muttered, close enough that she could feel his warmth radiating out to her. "What would he do? He's so drunk he might not notice." "He would notice," Lydia said, watching the way Remus's lips moved as he spoke. "He would be upset." "Do you think he would hurt you for having a drink of something else? It's just a little bit. You had your champagne as far as he knows. Why shouldn't you have a gin and French, too?" Lydia was beginning to wonder why not. After all, it was just a drink. "Ten!" the boys outside began counting down, and Lydia felt her breath catch, still looking at Remus, looking between his eyes and his lips. Sirius was sure to come in for a kiss. He couldn't be that drunk. Any moment now, he would come inside. "Nine!" Remus leaned just a little bit closer. What if Lily walked in? "Eight!" Lydia knew she should back away, should go and find Sirius, break this spell that seemed to have fallen over them, but she didn't want to move. "Seven!" Would he taste like champagne? She could smell it on his breath. "Six!" She could taste it on his breath; she barely realized that she, too, was inching forward, drawn in by the light of his burning eyes. "Five!" Where was that sound coming from? The thought skittered away across her consciousness as Remus's hand touched her cheek, warm and soft and wonderful. "Four!" Had she really had so little to drink? Her mind felt thoroughly drunk, not at all sober, and she found her lips quivering a little in anticipation. What if Sirius came in? "Three!" What if he didn't? "Two!" There was only a moment when Lily walked in before…. "One!" Lydia was aware that Lily was staring at them in horror, but Remus's lips touched hers and then all awareness of everything else vanished. This was nothing like the kiss he gave her on her birthday when they were in school. There was an unrestrained sort of passion in the way his lips touched hers, in the way his hand touched her waist while the other stroked her cheek. Lydia could envision this kiss going places. It was almost like she wasn't kissing Remus at all, but some sort of Remus-Sirius hybrid, like in her imaginings while she and Sirius made love. If Remus didn't deepen the kiss in a moment, she just might do it herself, but she had a strong feeling that he would, in fact, deepen it. She was sure he was just about to when she heard the front door open and laughter that died off instantly. Lydia almost moaned as Remus pulled away from the kiss, but she turned to look at the shocked and horrified faces of Peter and James, and the livid one borne by Sirius Black, who looked ready to kill. "Sirius," she began, but he didn't appear to be in the mood to listen. He seemed to have sobered in an instant. "Back away from her, Remus," Sirius snarled. Remus looked up at him for a moment and Lydia had a brief thought that perhaps Remus would fight for her, but then Sirius said, "Back away before I snap your neck," and everyone realized just how upset Sirius was, and Remus stood up, moving away from her. "Sirius," Lily said firmly, moving forward, "it was just a New Year's kiss. Kissing at midnight. You weren't here, and he could hardly kiss me. I'm married." "So's Lydia!" Sirius snapped. There was a horrified, stultified pause in which Sirius seemed to realize what he'd just said and he took a deep breath to calm himself. "You know what I mean," he said to the room at large, and then he turned back to Remus. "She's taken. You don't kiss girls who are taken, Moony." "She didn't seem to object," Remus said in a voice that didn't sound much like Remus. It was true, Lydia was far from objecting. In fact, her lips were still in an uproar that he had stopped kissing her. It had been such a beautiful moment. But even Lydia knew this was not the right thing to say to Sirius, whether or not it was true. Wands seemed to have been forgotten entirely, as Sirius lunged at Remus, knocking him to the ground. Both of them were incredibly strong, but Remus was slighter, and therefore more easily upended. Lydia shrieked and hopped away from them, watching punches fly between the two of them as they rolled around on the floor. "Oh, this is ridiculous!" Lily cried. "James, do something!" James seemed to be at a loss as to what to do. He stared at them for a moment, obviously stunned, and as they started rolling closer to Lydia, James pulled her out of the way, stepping closer. "Cut it out!" James roared. "You're not children anymore! Use your words and act like the adults you're supposed to be. This isn't your house, Sirius! You can't just go attacking people in my house!" James pulled on the back of Sirius's hair, yanking him off Remus, who got in one more punch before his target was lifted away from him. Sirius seemed to compose himself while Remus scrambled to his feet, ready for another hit. They just glared at each other, Lydia crouched in the corner, terrified. "Lydia, get your coat," Sirius said coldly. "We're going home." Lydia stood there, stunned. What was happening? What sort of break was he making? "You don't have to go, Lydia," Lily said gently. "If you'd rather stay, we could-" "You're coming if you want somewhere to sleep," Sirius snapped. "Or perhaps you'd rather go and sleep in Remus's bed? I assure you, it's not nearly as comfortable." It was Lydia's worst nightmare, and technically, it hadn't even been her fault. She looked around between Sirius's angry face, Remus's swelling one, and Lily's nervous expression. "Cut it out, Sirius," James said coldly. "I know you aren't going to feel this way in the morning. Don't do and say things you're going to regret. Lydia will stay here for the night until you've had time to cool your head." "Fine!" Sirius snapped. "Fine, since you're all obviously conspiring to take her away from me, you can have her!" He grabbed his cloak off the hanger and stormed out. Lydia heard the loud crack indicating that he had left and for some reason, there were tears in her eyes. "Lydia," James said gently, hugging her to him. "Lydia, it'll be fine. You'll see. He'll calm down and he'll be here in the morning begging for your forgiveness." Lydia had no doubt about that, but she was so ashamed of herself, so shocked at everything that had happened, that as she slid to the floor she couldn't seem to process anything properly. Peter helped James get her onto the couch and said that he should be getting home before his mother started to worry, and Lily rushed off to get something to calm Lydia's nerves. "I'm sorry," Remus said softly, not to her, but seemingly to the room at large. "I shouldn't have done that." It wasn't what Lydia wanted him to say. She wanted him to defend his decision, declare his love, demand that she return to his with him, that she could tend to his swollen face and that they could kiss like that again. She would take Sirius's wrath if only…if only…. "I need to be going," he said sharply, and Lily protested, handing James a potion for Lydia. "No, Lily, I really do need to go. I can heal my own face, but I think I'll leave it. It might prove useful." Prove useful for what? But by the time James had finished pouring the potion down Lydia's throat, Remus was gone and she could no longer ask. If James and Lily knew, they offered no answers, and if they didn't know they didn't seem upset by it. "Let's get you to bed, Lydia," Lily said gently, helping her best friend to her feet. "You've had a very long night." Lydia was taken to the guest room she had shared with Sirius, while they were without a place to stay, and she stared at the bed for a long moment, thinking of the way his body had cradled her in that bed. "What have I done?" Lydia whispered into the dark room, and Lily gave her a bracing hug. "Things will right themselves eventually," Lily said. "Do you need some pajamas and the like?" Lydia just shrugged, but she got herself ready for bed at Lily's direction, and she climbed into the bed, wishing it didn't still smell a little bit like Sirius, or perhaps that was her guilty conscience combining with her active imagination to give her an uneasy night of sleep. If that was the case, it worked. Lydia had a very uneasy rest, and when she woke in the morning, sun greeting her through the blinds, she groaned, rolling over. Her head was pounding and her eyes felt swollen and scratchy from crying. Still, her stomach was starting to beg for food, and no doubt Lily would be up, making breakfast. When she made it out to the kitchen, Lydia was surprised to find Sirius sitting at the table with Lily while James fried eggs. "Oh, Lydia," James said awkwardly. "How did you sleep?" "Fine," Lydia lied, although she wished she'd said the truth when she saw the hurt look in Sirius's eyes at that simple word. "What were you saying, Sirius?" Lily prompted, obviously wanting to give Lydia some time to settle before Sirius said his piece to her. "About Remus?" "Oh," Sirius muttered, tearing his eyes away from Lydia and looking down at his tea while Lydia sat down beside Lily at the table. "Right, well, I went by his place, but he's gone off again to Merlin knows where." "The same mission?" "I really don't know. I would guess so." So that was whatever he meant about his swollen face being helpful. Remus knew he would leave for a mission, and somehow his mangled face was a positive. Lydia did not want to know what such a mission could be. James handed them each a plate with two fried eggs a piece, and a bit of fried potato, and then he sat down, pouring Lydia a cup of tea before digging into his own plate. "Lydia," Sirius said, his voice thin and breaking with shame. "I was an idiot. I'm not saying that I was wrong to be upset, but I handled it poorly, exceptionally poorly. I shouldn't have started a fight, and I certainly shouldn't have treated you that way, said those things." It was certainly all true, and Lydia had no doubt that he said it with sincerity. But looking at him, knowing what she should say, she could not say it. She forgave him, of course, but how could she say that she shouldn't have let Remus kiss her? And Sirius must have seen her kiss him back, and how could she apologize for that, for such a blissful moment in her life? But Remus was gone off Merlin knows where without saying goodbye, after apologizing for making her so momentarily happy. "Lydia?" Lily prompted, obviously satisfied with Sirius's apology. But Lydia wasn't really. There were still things she needed to say. "You get ugly when you're drunk and jealous, Sirius," Lydia said softly, and his face flickered with shock and pain. James actually dropped his fork and Lily's eyes grew incredibly wide. "I know I don't say things much, and that's because compared with my father, you're a saint. And I don't like trouble. But it's not that far from lunging at Remus to hitting me, is it?" Sirius just looked up at her for a long moment, but he said nothing, wheels clearly turning behind his wide gray eyes. She wondered what he was thinking, how he was considering her, and at the same time she wondered if Remus was thinking of her somewhere, wishing he hadn't left or apologized. As she swallowed, waiting for Sirius's words she knew that for now at least, nothing significant was going to change, and she hoped that when Remus returned to find her sleeping in Sirius's bed once more, he wouldn't be too discouraged or upset. He had to know she still loved him more than anything. He had to have felt it in that kiss. "You're right," Sirius said softly. "You're right. I know that apologizing more won't fix it, and that promises are made to be broken, so I'm just going to tell you that I am going to do everything I can to fix this about myself, and I'm telling you that I love you, Lydia. You know I do. Please come back." There wasn't much to think about. She couldn't impose herself on Lily and James, not when they were expecting a child. And where else could she possibly go? "Of course I will," she said softly, turning to her potatoes before they went cold. It felt as though the room around her breathed a sigh of relief at her words. She could barely believe that Lily and James were so worried for her sake, but they seemed to have been very concerned for Sirius. What was it that they thought he would do if she left him? Did they think he would hurt Remus, or her, or himself? Lydia pondered these possibilities as she ate her breakfast, and she decided that none of them would truly surprise her, but she didn't want to dwell on them. Whatever her reasons for staying for Sirius, none of them were out of fear of him, and she didn't want to start convincing herself that they were. When she started looking at Sirius that way, she would well and truly become her mother, in the worst way possible, and she couldn't trust herself in that situation. "So," James said after a while of only silverware and plates clinking filling the air, "I hear you ladies were thinking of names during Christmas. Did you come up with any good ones for boys yet? Because Lily and I have made a deal that she's got until May to think of something before we name it James, Jr." Lily was blushing with a sort of horror at this and Lydia resolved to help her think of the best list of names ever for boys, full of names so perfect that Lily would not have to suffer James with a son named for him. It would be bad enough that the child was likely to look just like his father, genetically speaking. "I've got a few ideas," Lydia said cryptically, giving Lily a comforting sort of smile. Things were settling uneasily back to normal, but everything had to start somewhere.
"Happy Valentine's Day," Sirius said, nuzzling Lydia's neck. Things hadn't exactly gotten clear between them yet, but they were trying to slowly return to normal. Lydia smiled as he moved to look down at her, his eyes shining with an adoration she knew she could never match. "Is it Valentine's Day already?" she asked, stretching and sitting up, looking around the room. She had learned that he took Valentine's Day as he took all other holidays: incredibly seriously. It was a very important affair to him, and he wanted to ensure that she felt like it was not merely a pink day for couples, but a very special day where he doted on her, like her own birthday. "Don't tease," he said with mock sternness. "I'll be right back. I'm going to make breakfast. Lily and James are coming over for lunch." "Are they?" Lydia asked, yawning. "I suppose I ought to shower, then." "Nonsense," he teased, kissing her nose. "You're completely and utterly perfect." Lydia rolled her eyes and climbed out of bed as he left the room, getting into the shower a moment later and feeling the warm water caress her body, closing her eyes and trying to decide what to wear. Once she had made herself presentable, Lydia walked into the kitchen to find Sirius setting the table. They ate a quick breakfast and exchanged gifts before they started to prepare lunch together. "I like this," he said happily, tossing a salad. "Cooking with you. We should really do this more often." Lydia smiled wryly. He wasn't very good at it, which was why she gave him things he couldn't spoil like salad and tea. But there was usually something she could have him do, and maybe she could coach him into cooking properly, with time. "Sure," she said, kissing his cheek. They had everything set out for lunch when there was a knock at the door, and Lily and James were greeted. "I do like this new place," Lily said happily. "I mean, I liked the old one too, but this kitchen just seems more…spacious. I know there are only two of you, but it's nice that you have more room, you know, when you have company." She was nervous, which was obvious with how she babbled on. They had all just sat down when there was another knock at the door. "That's odd," Lydia said, standing up with a frown. "No, I'll get it, Sirius. Don't be silly." Checking the peephole and remembering what Severus had told her months ago, Lydia made certain that it was actually Remus by testing to see if there were werewolves nearby with a quick revealing spell. It was him. She opened the door and looked at him with surprise. "Remus," she said nervously. "What are you doing here?" He smirked. "That's really not a very good way to greet someone on a cold February morning, now is it?" he teased. "Sorry, come in, come in," Lydia sighed, laughing a little as he stepped inside and she closed the door. "What exactly…?" He was holding out a small, carefully-wrapped parcel to her. "Happy Valentine's Day," he said in a soft voice, and Lydia's heart began to race as she took the box from him. She should have said something, should have questioned why he was doing this, should have done anything but look up at his eyes, because when she saw the fire in them her hands began opening the parcel of their own accord, eager to know what he'd gotten for her. Lydia looked down at the small, velvety box and she opened it. Shock dumbfounded her when she saw a diamond bracelet in the box. It was delicately crafted and remarkably light as she lifted it out of the box. But it must have cost Remus a fortune, a fortune he didn't have. How could she accept such a gift? She was just trying to decide what to say when she looked up at him, seeing the peculiar expression in his eyes as he took the bracelet from her hand and put it around her wrist. The metal was cold against her skin, and felt strangely heavy for how light of a band it was. "It looks lovely on you," he said softly, and she could feel the heat of his fingertips where they lingered on her wrist, and somehow there was something vastly erotic in the way his hands held her wrist, gently and with a feather-light touch. "Lydia?" Sirius called from the kitchen. "Who is it?" Remus's amber eyes flashed with concern even as she watched them and she tried to make herself choke out words, Remus's name, anything at all, but she was feeling strangely confused. She'd already forgotten the question. "Lydia?" Sirius called again, his voice full of worry as he rushed out to the entryway and his eyes fixed on the scene before him. Lydia could tell that he was trying to calm himself. "Sorry," Lydia said, trying to appear nonchalant. "Remus dropped by to…to…." Remus cleared his throat, but Sirius cut him off. "Did you just give her a gift…on Valentine's Day?" Sirius said, obviously choking out the words. Remus hesitated before answering. "Yes, now that you say it like that it seems bad," he said slowly. "It's just that I've been making payments on this since sixth year, and I wanted to have it for graduation for her, but I didn't have enough. And I'd finally finished paying for it a few days ago, but I was out of town and…." Lydia's heart spiraled downward with every word. He hadn't meant it as a Valentine's gift after all? But he'd said happy Valentine's Day! Sirius cleared his throat, glancing down at the bracelet as if trying to determine how much it would have cost Remus, a sort of vague way to test the truth of the story. "I see," he said softly. "Well, all the same, you wouldn't mind stepping into the sitting room and having a chat with me, Remus? Lydia, I'll meet you in the kitchen." Lydia did as she was bid as the boys disappeared into the sitting room and Lily and James looked up at her with stunned expressions. "What happened?" Lily asked. Holding out her wrist for Lily to examine the bracelet she said, "Remus just showed up and gave it to me." "On Valentine's Day?" James said, choking a little on the words. "Is he mad?" "I really don't think he thought about it," Lydia said, trying not to sound too miserable about this thought. There was a pause and Lydia just stood there. "It's really beautiful," Lily finally said, her voice very nervous. "It must have cost quite a lot." "It did," James muttered. "I recognize the brand design. It's also a few years old. He's been saving for a while." "Payments," Lydia offered weakly. There was another long silence and James said, "D'you think they're going to kill each other?" "We haven't heard crashes or shouting or broken furniture yet," Lily said hopefully. "We haven't heard anything. It could be a silencing charm." Lydia winced, sitting down in her seat again, picking up the tea and drinking it in long gulps, ignoring the fact that it was still hot. She relished the burn down her throat, relished the feel of scalding on her tongue, and didn't even notice that Lily and James were exchanging worried looks over the kitchen table. When Lydia put down her empty cup there was silence and stillness for a moment and Lily said, "Maybe we should check on them. It wouldn't hurt to check on them, right?" "No," James said quickly. "No, Remus came to Sirius's house to give Lydia a present on Valentine's Day. I think this needed to happen, and at least there's enough justification for it now. Better now than later." Lydia raised her eyebrows. "What exactly needed to happen, may I ask?" James cleared his throat. "I mean, I'm not saying that Remus needed to be pummeled by Sirius again," he said quickly. "But they did need to talk things out about you. Over you. Well, you know. We don't need a repeat of New Year's." Maybe James didn't need a repeat of New Year's, but Lydia came close to refusing to allow him to include her in that bold, sweeping statement about needs. "But what if they're actually in another fight?" Lily said nervously. "I really think we ought to check on them." "No," James said insistently. "Trust me, Lily. Give it five more minutes, and if they're not out of there then you've got my full permission to go in and ask if they want some tea or something. It would be better if Lydia did it, but…" "Why can't I?" Lydia asked, although she knew perfectly well why not. Her friends exchanged looks and Lily smiled weakly. "You know, James, we could send her. In five minutes. I'll follow into the hall and if I hear a scuffle when she opens the door I can help her." When this course of action was agreed upon, Lydia found herself counting away the seconds of the five minutes they had designated, and she had a feeling Lily was doing the same. Lydia licked her lips, getting up to prepare a tray of tea, but James told her just to offer, but that they wouldn't likely take it. She could make it if they did ask for some. Lydia fought the urge to pace the kitchen floor and then, suddenly, surprisingly, five minutes had passed and she grabbed Lily's arm. The two girls hurried out into the hall and Lily hissed, "Definitely a silencing charm." There was no hint that the boys were even in the sitting room. Lydia summoned all her courage and she let go of Lily, walking across to the sitting room door, not even knocking before opening it and walking in, seeing Sirius and Remus in the middle of arguing something. "Tea?" she asked awkwardly, realizing that they were suing their words, that there were no fists flying and that she needn't have interfered at all. "No, thank you, Lydia," Sirius said, frowning a little at the sight of her. She glanced at Remus, whose eyes seemed muted from how they were before. "No, thank you," he said. "I…I should probably go soon, anyway." Lydia was about to duck out of the room when Sirius said, "I'm sorry I had to be so harsh, Remus." "No, I understand completely," Remus assured him, and Lydia just stood there, wondering what had been said, what Sirius had been harsh about, and if they had actually figured out some way to keep her from ever being with Remus. "I suspect I'm wanted in the kitchen," Sirius said with a nervous, teasing laugh. "Got to go show Lily that there's no blood on my knuckles this time before she starts a search and rescue." He got up, clearly aware that Lydia's weak attempt to offer tea was the search and rescue. He wanted to let them know what happened without Lydia listening, and so Lydia stood there in the study, watching Remus and giving Sirius time to relate his tale. "It looks fine on your wrist, Lydia," Remus said, standing and smiling at her tightly. "I should have waited a day, but there it is." Lydia didn't want him to say such things. She really was glad that he'd given it to her on Valentine's Day, that it meant something, that it wasn't just a gift he hadn't been able to give her when he wanted to. She wanted him to look her in the eye and tell her he loved her, or at least kiss her again. "What did he say to you?" she asked, closing the door behind her. They would not be disturbed. Sirius probably figured Remus had left by now, anyway. "Lydia, please don't do this." "What did he say?" Remus frowned at her and shook his head, going to move past her, but Lydia stepped into his way, putting out her hands, letting them touch his shoulders as he moved toward her. He froze as they touched, and she thought she saw a bit of horror in his eyes at the weight of her hands on his body. She tried to fight back the disappointment at this reaction. "Did he tell you to stay away from me?" she asked, her voice strangled and pained. "No," Remus said, struggling with himself, obviously unsure whether or not he should remove her hands from him with his own or wait for her to move. "No, he didn't say that." Lydia swallowed. There was hope. Remus might still be able to buck whatever it was that Sirius had told him, whatever restrictions they had agreed upon. "I love you, Remus," she whispered. "I haven't stopped loving you. That kiss…." "It should never have happened, Lydia," Remus said, and he looked pained at the way the words sounded, hanging on the air. His hands moved to hers to remove them, but as soon as their skin touched he froze, his eyes still staring into hers. She was standing there, hoping he would kiss her again, too afraid to lean in and kiss him. She was in Sirius's house. How could she initiate something at all, much less in Sirius's sitting room? "Please," she whispered. The moment seemed to crack slightly, and Remus's hands moved away from hers again. His face darkened and he looked away from her for a moment, then down at her arms. "Lydia, I can't do this," he said softly. "He loves you." "So do you." Remus gave a nervous laugh, backing away slightly. "Does it matter what I want? Lydia, you know what I am." "Remus-" "No, listen. No matter how many times you tell me it doesn't matter, it does. I could never marry you, I could never give you children. I couldn't even afford to give you a place to stay and food to eat. I can barely manage for myself. You deserve those things and I will never, ever be able to give them to you." Lydia stared at him for a moment, swallowed her tears, and then said, "After the war, things will be different." But she must not have sounded very convincing. Her mind was still on the calculations that had burned down with the old house. There would be no end of the war. "Do you honestly think," he said, mildly amused, "that if Voldemort loses things will change in regards to werewolves? Have you seen the way things are with my kind, Lydia? Don't you know what they've done? They're rallying to Voldemort in incredible numbers. If Voldemort loses, there will be no forgiveness for them. And if he wins, there will be no place for any of us. You, me, Lily, we're all sub-standard. Only the likes of Sirius and James will be allowed to prosper, and if they speak out of line, they'll be put down as well." Lydia backed away a little, her hands coming off his shoulders, tears filling her eyes. It was a terrible thing he described, and knowing that it was likely to be real she felt panic rising up in her. It wasn't that she had politics, but she knew what was right and what was wrong, and she was currently overwhelmed by it. Wasn't good supposed to triumph over evil? Wasn't You-Know-Who essentially evil? "Lydia," Remus sighed as she began to hastily wipe at her eyes. "Lydia, I didn't want to upset you." She tried to turn away but he pulled her back, pulling her against him in a hug, letting her bury her face into his chest and just cry. "Lydia, things are going to turn out all right. Maybe not the way you want them to, or the way I want them to, but they'll be for the best. I promise." How could he promise that? How could it be for the best if he was pushing her away? How could it be for the best if he couldn't or wouldn't be with her? She found herself gripping at him frantically. "Please," she moaned. "We don't even have to stay here. We could go away somewhere, somewhere where they're better about werewolves. I've heard Canada's lovely…" He sighed and she knew that she was about to be turned down very firmly. "Lydia, I can't leave England. Truly, while running away to Canada with you sounds very appealing, I'm needed her, and so are you. The Order needs me, and Sirius needs you. You wouldn't feel right, running away. After a while, you'd feel guilty. I know I would." Lydia let out a sob and tried to choke out another plea. "No," he said gently, kissing her cheek. "No, Lydia, you have to understand that I'm doing this because I love you, and I want you to be incredibly happy. You won't ever have that happiness with me, but with Sirius you have a chance." Lydia knew that he was doing it because of his loyalty to Sirius, because of his own insecurities, and that it really had nothing to do with her happiness. If he cared about her happiness at all, he would have kissed her on the spot, declared his love in front of everyone, run away with her to the far reaches of the earth. But Remus did none of those things. He extracted himself from her and left without another word or so much as a backward glance and Lydia fell into the nearest chair, letting her sobs come forth, knowing that as soon as she'd calmed she would have to make herself presentable and go back to her lunch with Sirius and Lily and James and pretend nothing happened. She had only a few minutes to dwell in her pain, but she could make those minutes count, and so she let it wash over her, drowning her for an instant.
Lydia had been thrilled when Sirius finally left for his week on a mission for the Order, knowing that she would finally get a chance to read the letter Severus had sent her in response to questions she had about the Order. She drew a bath, glad that their new house had a tub (Sirius was glad too, for the sexual possibilities), and she took the letter in with her casually breaking the seal as her body sank into the soapy, seductive bathwater. Closing her eyes for a moment to take in the joyous sensation of submerging, Lydia let out a sigh and began unfolding the letter with still-dry hands. She opened her eyes, setting her mind on what she had sent him, so as not to be confused by what she was sure would be short tone. Lydia, I was thrilled to get your letter. I did, actually, know that you were alive, but no one was really certain whether or not you were well or not – whether or not you had been present at the explosion – because you hadn't been seen in public for some time. I was beginning to worry that you had been there and had been, perhaps, paralyzed in some respect. It is good to hear that this is not the case and that you are indeed well. Or well enough to write, but I think that at this point after the incident that I can gather that you were not, in fact, there, and this makes me very happy. I wish there was something I could have done, but Bellatrix is notoriously impatient. At any rate, I do know of the person you speak of. I know who they are, I know how you know them, and I'm afraid I cannot tell you either thing. I'm sure this is the answer you expected. It would be foolish of me to put it in writing in any case, but to put it in a letter that would end up in the home of an Order member, that could potentially be discovered by Order members, or that Dumbledore could get out of you when you least expected it…. I'm afraid I cannot do that. I do not believe this person to be an immediate danger to you, if that's something that concerns you. But I must caution you, more so than usual, to be especially careful. I know that you must hate it when I say this, but trust no one. Go about your life as you must, but do not trust what anyone tells you but yourself. Anyone could be lying, and someone certainly is. Putting your safety in anyone's hands but yours or mine is a good way to lose your life, and neither of us want that. Be careful. Trust no one. -HBP Lydia's eyes scanned the page again as the warmth on her skin started to feel almost too cold, and she tapped her wand against the faucet of the tub to make it a bit hotter. She could see her skin turning red. She knew she'd turned it up too hot, but she didn't really care. She didn't feel hot, she felt like she was about to freeze in the tub. Of course, as Severus had pointed out, she had known, in her heart, that he would not tell her who the spy was, but she had hoped he would tell her whether or not it was someone she knew. She supposed that was what could be implied by the echoes of "trust no one" but she really didn't want to read in on something so important. This was something that could mean life or death, and assumptions, and he pointed out, could be deadly. No one was safe. Lydia then noticed a postscript that she had missed on the first glance, in his tiny hasty scrawl. P.S. If it please you, reply and come for tea on Thursday. I want to see that you are well for myself, and to discuss some news I've learned with you. It is not the sort of thing I care to put in a letter. She sighed, thinking to herself whether she was free Thursday and, deciding she was, she burned the letter, finished her bath, and as soon as she got out and dried off, before even dressing, she replied in affirmative. Lydia then took the letter to the post office once she'd dressed and made herself presentable, and she sent it off to Severus before going home again and casually wondering if maybe she didn't want another bath. She had Lily coming soon, but…. No, instead, she decided to start making tea for the two of them, shaking her head as she started thinking about the possible news Severus would want to discuss. Obviously nothing good. That was easy enough. But Lydia knew that if she didn't go and talk with him, she would wonder and regret. There were things she could ignore and things she could not. His requests to ingratiate him to Lily were always to be ignored. But Severus himself? No, there was really not a way for her to ignore the person who held her when she panicked, first seeing the corpses of her parents on the floor of her house, one with eyes cold as ice, the other covered in blood. Severus would always be a part of her life, even when she did not want him. Perhaps especially then. Lydia readied the tea quickly, knowing that Lily would be coming at any time. She wasn't sure exactly when the meeting with Dumbledore was supposed to end, but Lily said she would come directly after that. There weren't as many chores to do at this house, in spite of the increase in size. It was designed by a very clever witch, and so much of the work literally did itself, at least until the charms wore off. And that would be years. So Lydia found herself sitting and waiting for Lily, with literally nothing to do. Lily arrived at about two in the afternoon, and Lydia quickly greeted her friend at the door, leading her into the kitchen. "How was the meeting?" Lydia asked mildly, handing Lily the cup of tea. "Oh, fine," she said with a shrug. "Very basic safety stuff. Nothing that should concern you." Lydia hadn't been concerned, but this gave her a little prickle in the back of her mind that told her that perhaps her decision not to be concerned had been a mistake. But she did not pry. There were things she didn't want Lily prying into either. Like the correspondence with Severus. "Have you come up with a name if it's a boy yet?" Lydia asked, stirring her tea to keep herself from magically cooling it. She'd gotten a bit lazy, growing so used to the charms on the house making her life easier that she had actually started using magic for other things, things she used to do by hand, when no one was looking. She didn't want to be teased for changing her ways so easily. Especially not after she and Sirius had had such a long-standing fight over the whole matter. "Not yet," Lily said mournfully. "I suppose I still have a couple of months to think, but I can't believe it's already March." "You do need one soon," Lydia reminded her, "or you're going to be forced to name him James Potter, Jr." The girls both shivered. It wasn't that James's name was so bad, it was more what having a son named after him would do to his ego. "We'll have to think on it," Lily agreed. "But for right now, I want to think about anything but the baby." "Right," Lydia said happily. "Have you had lunch?" "No." "I'll make a couple of sandwiches, then," Lydia said, getting up and getting out the bread. Lily leaned back in her chair, closed her eyes, and smiled. "Yes," she said happily. "Yes, a sandwich sounds lovely." From this angle, Lydia could easily see that Lily was starting to show. It was strange to think that in a few months' time her thin, trim friend would be the size of a small planet. "Peanut butter…pickles…grapes…" Lydia blinked. Grapes on a sandwich? If she hadn't known better, she would have asked her friend if she'd been drinking. Sirius asked for strange food when he was drunk. "You're having cravings aren't you?" Lily blushed, opening her eyes and wincing. "Yeah, it's driving James crazy. You…you don't have to…." "Lily, if your baby makes you want grapes and pickles on a peanut butter sandwich, then I know it must be nuts enough to be James's child, and I have no problem pandering to your hormonal womb issues." Hormonal womb issues. What a way to refer to pregnancy. Lily just giggled, thanking her, and Lydia was glad that she hadn't somehow offended her friend's hormones. Feelings? Hormones. Lydia made a nice, normal ham and cheese sandwich for herself. Then she got out a bit of rye bread, because she had this idea that the strange concoction Lily had asked for would taste best to a baby on rye, and she began to spread peanut butter over it. She then sliced a pickle, spreading the bits all over the peanut butter, and then sliced a few green grapes and did the same. "It might be a bit soggy," Lydia apologized. "Maybe I should have put peanut butter on both sides. Or butter on the other half?" "It's delicious," Lily said happily through a mouthful of something like sandwich. Lydia nodded suspiciously, not sure she could trust the taste buds of her best friend in that moment. Her own sandwich was lovely, so she forgave the bizarre behavior of her friend. It was enough to enjoy her own food. The cravings were not just a lunchtime thing. Lily kept asking for strange snacks throughout the day, and Lydia obliged her in all request except one. "Lily, I can't give you caramelized pomegranates." "Why not?" "Because I don't have any pomegranates." "Well, can't you get some?" "Lily, I don't think they're in season, and I'm not leaving the country in order to find a place where I can buy you pomegranates just so I can come back and caramelize them." She blinked at Lydia. "Why not?" "Because that's ridiculous." She was surprised when Lily burst into tears and Lydia groaned, firecalling Peter. "Are you busy?" she asked when he lowered his head to see her better. "Not really," he said, a bit nervous. "It's not dangerous or anything," Lydia assured him. "I need you to get me some pomegranates. Lily's having cravings." Peter hesitated. "Why aren't you…?" "Sirius told me I'm not supposed to leave London without him." It wasn't exactly a lie. He had said that at the old house, on a specific instance. But he hadn't said it since they'd moved and said nothing of the sort before leaving on his mission, so it wasn't exactly the whole truth, either. Peter did as he was asked, though, and several hours later arrived with pomegranates for Lily, which Lydia then caramelized for her friend, who was so immensely grateful and pleased by the pomegranates that Lydia decided it had been worth the agonizing, tear-fraught wait. "So," Lydia said as Lily was finally taking her leave that evening, "do you feel better?" "I really do," Lily said, hugging Lydia. Lydia could feel the small bump that was the baby pressing against her own stomach and thought how strange it was that there was a child in there, in that fleshy bump. "I'm always better when we get time like this." "Then we'll have to do it more often," Lydia said, and when Lily left, she felt the emptiness set in again. She wandered back into the kitchen, cleaning up quickly before heading to bed, getting ready to get up for another day spent alone. On Thursday, however, Lydia bundled up, sent notes to her friends to say that she was feeling rather tired and wouldn't be up to visitors today, thought she'd just try to read and sleep. That way, no one would come around and find her gone and worry. Lydia combed her hair, grabbed a coat and scarf, and Disapparated just outside the house, landing in an alley down the street from Spinner's End, walking as casually as possible up the road to Severus's house, knocking on the door. She no longer wondered what had happened to his parents. If he was ever going to tell her, he would tell her when he was ready. Severus answered after a few moments and they went straight to the kitchen, sitting on the counter directly, picking up the tea he'd laid out for them, hers already cool and his steaming, the honey still sitting by the kettle. "How are you enjoying your week of freedom?" Lydia started, but then she realized that he must know because of the spy. How much he knew she wasn't sure she wanted to know, and she really couldn't say. She really didn't know anything of Sirius's mission, so Severus could say all he wanted and she wouldn't know the difference. "Yes, actually," Lydia said defiantly. "Lily came over the other day and we had a lovely afternoon together." She was surprised at the way he flinched when she said Lily's name. Surely he was still in love with her? Of course, that had to be complicated with him, now that she was married to James. She'd been married to James for a while, but it had really sunk in, perhaps, that James Potter had won the only prize that ever really mattered to Severus: Lily's love. Lydia made a mental note not to mention Lily again. "I trust your endeavors have been going well," Lydia said, looking him up and down. "You seem in good health." He sneered slightly. She was pointing out that he must not be failing You-Know-Who, since he was still alive and bore no obvious signs of falling out of favor. "I won't elaborate, but yes, I am still in favor," he said. "No, there was something very specific I needed to ask you, and I knew you wouldn't appreciate if I used other methods to find out the truth." Her heart began to pound. Was it something to do with Sirius? With Remus? "All right?" she said slowly, nervously, running her hands along her jeans self-consciously. "Lily," he said, and Lydia frowned with confusion. "I have learned that she is…with child." To her surprise, and Severus's, Lydia burst out with a laugh. "You can say 'pregnant,' Sev. It won't' kill you to speak like a normal person." He rolled his liquid black eyes and said, "Regardless, I have learned over her condition and I had a question about…about…" "We don't know the gender, if that's what you were wondering," Lydia said, frowning at his discomfort. "They want it to be a surprise." "I don't care about such trivial things as that," he snorted. "No, I only wondered, when is she…when is she due?" It seemed a strange question for Severus to be asking, of all the things he could wonder about the pregnancy, but Lydia didn't see any harm in telling him. Lily would be safe from the Death Eaters as anyone during the pregnancy, and really until the child was weaned if there was any justice in the world. "July," Lydia said. "I don't remember when in July, but I do remember it was definitely in July. She's only just starting to show." His face twisted with disgust at the mention of her showing and Lydia wanted to giggle again, but she held it in. She knew that if he had ended up with Lily, as he had so badly wanted, he would have been thrilled and proud of the idea that she was carrying his child. It was because he associated this child, this bump, with James that made him so abhorrent to the whole idea of Lily being pregnant. "I see," he said darkly, drinking from his tea. Lydia watched him, but he appeared to want to say no more on the subject. She told him what had been going on in her work, and they talked about that for a while. Severus was eager to hear about a new set of equations she was tinkering with, and even gave her a bit of his own insight into the matter, from the perspective of how similar concepts worked in inventing new potions. "I wish we could work together," Lydia said, pouting a little as she looked down at the tea leaves peppering the bottom of her cup. "I think we could accomplish a lot." "No doubt we would," Severus said, "but I doubt that could happen. We've made it very clear that neither of us is willing or able to meet in the middle, and circumstances are unlikely to change in a way that's conducive to our collaboration." He took the cup from her and began to wash the cups out in the sink. Lydia took this as a cue that he was expecting someone, or going somewhere, and that she should take her leave. "I'm not sure when I'll get a moment to come by again," she said nervously. "I don't know why that should trouble you," he said, his liquid black eyes looking at her as she shifted her feet. "It doesn't trouble me." She could hear the lie in his voice, but said nothing. "Whenever you do have time, I will be here. That is what matters." But he couldn't know that, and that was why both of them knew but said nothing as she hugged him that every time they had to do this, had to tell each other such ridiculous lies and say such empty things, that they were concerned that it would be the last time. She memorized the tiniest changes on his face and left.
"James, I know you don't like it, but be reasonable," Sirius sighed, and Lydia tried to ignore them as they argued outside her study. "Your wife is increasingly pregnant. She's getting bigger all the time. What is going to happen if she's too big to do much for herself and you're scheduled for a mission?" "Lydia can look after her." Lydia rolled her eyes and she heard Sirius sigh. "And what if something happened to you? Your pregnant wife and unborn child, James. Think of that. And what if you missed the birth? Or something really serious happened to her, and you couldn't be reached?" There was a long pause and Lydia knew that it was finally sinking in to James why Dumbledore was making him take a break from missions until the baby was born. He obviously hadn't thought about all the sorts of things that could happen to Lily because of the pregnancy, and just because everything was fine now didn't mean that things couldn't still happen. "Fine," James sighed, "but I don't have to like it." "No one said you did, Prongs. Just be careful. Now get back to your wife before she starts to get nervous." Lydia heard the sounds of their footsteps heading off toward the front door. She sighed, rubbing her eyes. James had been insufferable ever since the Order had added protections to their home in Godric's Hollow. Lydia had been horrified to learn that they hadn't been nearly as protected as she had assumed, and Sirius finally admitted that James had thought that it wouldn't matter so much. James could be incredibly stupid about things. Now, though, with the baby just a few months away, he had to make some sacrifices, and one of those was that he was expected to be with Lily quite a lot. There was a tentative knock at the door, and Lydia said that Sirius could come in. "Hey," he said, smiling and kissing her forehead as she turned to face him. "How's work." "Better if I'm not interrupted," she teased, sticking her tongue out at him playfully as he ran a hand gently through her hair. "What's up?" "I take it you heard my little fight with James." Lydia rolled her eyes and Sirius gave a snort of laughter. "He's an idiot," Lydia said, shrugging, "but we already knew that. At least now he seems to understand the dangers he was before blissfully ignorant of." Sirius laughed, moving closer and pressing his lips to hers. Lydia wasn't sure where this sudden wash of affection was coming from, but she allowed him to pull her out of her chair and wrap his arms around her waist, pressing her flush against him. Thankfully, she had been at a good stopping point in her work, anyway. His hands slinked up the ratty old t-shirt of his that she was wearing, following the curves of her waist, reaching her bra and hastily running along to her back to unclasp it. Lydia was fully impressed by the shock sent through her body when his teeth nibbled on her lower lip – something he had taken to doing lately – and the jolt went straight to her core. He undid the clasp as their kiss deepened, and Lydia allowed him to pull off the shirt, parting the kiss just long enough to get the fabric over her head before he descended upon her hungrily once more. She shrugged off her bra and felt his hands instantly cover the uncovered breasts. She moaned in spite of herself, letting him lead her to the bedroom even as the kiss remained unbroken. They fell onto the bed together, Lydia surprisingly falling on top of him. She had never been on top before, and the very idea of it terrified her. She wasn't one for trying new things, especially new things that required so much initiative from her. But Sirius didn't seem to notice her trepidation as he pulled off his shirt and tossed it aside, moving his kisses from her mouth to her neck, trailing down her body, eager to taste every part of her. They scrambled out of the rest of their clothes, and Lydia realized she was still on top of him, and she began to panic. "What's wrong?" Sirius asked, frowning slightly as she pulled away from a kiss. "Sirius, I can't…I can't be…." "Oh," he said, suddenly realizing. "Lydia, it's not so bad. I think you might even enjoy it more." She didn't think that was possible, especially when she was so afraid. He sat up a bit, leaning against the pillows, and moving them closer to the headboard. "Relax," he whispered, kissing her lips. "Relax, and lower yourself onto me." The relaxing bit was the hard part, but she tried. She took a few deep breaths, and his kisses helped. Her whole body was tightening as she did as he said, lowering herself onto him, but she was surprised to find that once she was on him and he began to move, as she began to move with him, that it was all more instinctive than she'd thought, and she quickly believed his earlier claim that she would enjoy it more this way. It was electric. Lydia suddenly began wondering what her fear for change had been keeping her from, what other possibilities were open to her. She gasped out his name as he hit a spot inside her she didn't even know was there. She collapsed with him after screaming herself hoarse with passion, and she felt him kiss her jaw, shifting them and pulling out of her, cuddling her in a weak sort of way that meant that he, too, was exhausted. Lydia watched him, petting his silky, sweaty hair as he began to fall asleep on her chest. Her mind drifted for a moment to Remus, wherever Remus was, but she pushed the thought away with the firmness he had used to push her away. It still stung to think about him. Things had been painful lately, and Lydia had a rough idea of why. Part of it had to do with Remus, but most of it had to do with how jealous she was of Lily. Lily had the man she loved, a man who loved her in equal proportion to how she loved him, as strange as it seemed to anyone who had known them during all the years where Lily had been turning down James. He adored her, and in spite of his issues with adding safety measures and taking time off of the Order, he was willing to do anything for Lily and their unborn child. Lydia wanted that sort of love. No matter what she tried – and oh, she tried – she could not bring herself to love Sirius, and occasionally she felt glimpses of her love for Remus return as hard as she tried to push it away. It was painful, knowing that Sirius loved her so much, that she loved Remus so much, and that none of them could have what they wanted. If she could only love Sirius a little bit she might have felt easier, but she knew that if such a thing was going to happen, surely it would have happened by now. She rolled over and looked at the way his head moved from her breast to the pillow, watched how his lips parted slightly from the shift, watched how peaceful he looked when sleeping. The smell of their union was still filling the air and she felt a strange urge to shower. Lydia also felt an incredible pang of jealousy, thinking back to Lily again, wondering if James watched her sleep after sex, his hand on her growing belly. That was the strangest thing about Lydia's growing jealousy for her best friend. Lydia did not want children. She knew this about herself quite plainly. And yet somehow, in all of this craziness, preparing for the coming child, Lydia found herself jealous of Lily's pregnancy, of the glow the redhead had, of the happiness she and James were sharing over the coming child. It didn't seem fair that Lily had literally everything. Love, happiness with the man she loved, a child that everyone seemed to think was so wonderful with that same man, and it all only seemed to increase the happiness and Lydia fought back bitter tears as she looked down at Sirius's sleeping, peaceful face. How could she keep living like this? But what else was there for her if she chose not to? Despite the fact that Remus had told her that he loved her, he had also made it perfectly plain that he would not be with her. He had pushed her away cruelly, and he had said plainly that even if they were together, they would not have that same happiness that Lily and James had. They could not, and it was grossly unfair. But there was nothing to be done. She could feel her vision blurring, and she blinked back the tears. She extracted herself from Sirius entirely and looked down on his form, reaching for her a little in sleep, and she frowned. Remus was right in a strange way. Sirius did seem to need her, although she could hardly imagine why. She was not the type of girl who would give him what he wanted from her. She could not love him, and she could not lie and tell him that she did. She would not marry him or give him children, and she remained aloof in ways that bothered him. The fact that they had only barely begun what could laughably be called sexual experimentation was probably horrific to him. Should she give him more to work with? She could try to be more sexually open. Obviously, based on their most recent encounter, it wasn't all a bad idea, and didn't all have to be terrifying. Perhaps she could even bring herself to marry him, not right away but eventually. After all, she knew the war was not going to end any time soon. Was it really right to keep him from his dream, when she knew she could not have her own? And if they married, could they have children? Lydia could feel the jealousy for Lily's happiness radiating and pulsating in her core. Perhaps, if they were to take a step like marriage, she could eventually talk herself around to giving him a child. It couldn't be so bad, right? Pregnancy suited some people. Perhaps it would suit Lydia. Sirius muttered her name in his sleep, and he groaned. She placed a kiss on the corner of his mouth, feeling him respond slightly in his sleep. She pulled back again, not wanting to wake him. She sighed, climbing out of bed. These thoughts were insane. She needed to clear her mind, and so she went on a whim and left a note on the bedside table that she had to meet with a scholar and would be back by dinner. Gave him one more backward glance, pulled on her clothes, and went out to the front of the House. Apparating to her childhood neighborhood was habitual at this point, and she walked the familiar streets with confidence, not looking around to see if Muggles were watching her. She was wearing Muggle clothes. She was inconspicuous. She walked straight up to Spinner's End. Lydia stood there for a moment, staring at the door, and she knocked on the door, waiting, wondering if it might be better, even after knocking, to just turn around and leave. Surely there could be nothing good from seeing Severus in her current state. Surely she would be better off simply going back to Sirius, who would wake up and have even a momentary distress at finding her gone. He would find her note, she was certain, but she felt a bit ashamed at lying to him in order to go and see Severus after sex. The door swung open, however, and she could not leave. Severus raised his eyebrows at her and stared for a moment before inviting her in. She was glad; for that moment she was worried he might had Death Eater company and was trying to decide what to do with her sudden appearance. "You're here unannounced," he pointed out as they walked into the kitchen and he began to make tea. Instead of sitting on the counter, she laid down on her back on the kitchen table, ignoring his snort of amusement. "Good job stating the obvious, Sev." He frowned, walking over to her with a cup of tea in hand. She sat up enough to accept it and sip. He wrinkled his large, beakish nose a bit. "You smell of fornication." Lydia snorted, taking a longer drink of her tea than she'd intended to do as he sat down at a chair beside her. "You could call it sex, like normal people do. You know, everybody else." "I never thought you would fall so fully into that trap of wanting to be like everybody else," Severus said coldly. "I thought you had some standards." Lydia sat up entirely, putting her feet on the other chair on their side of the table, looking down at her tea. "What happened, Lydia? A lover's quarrel?" She continued looking down at her tea and she could feel Severus tensing beside her. "Did he hurt you? I swear to Merlin, if he has harmed you, I will break his neck." She smirked a little, recalling similar sentiments when Severus had bruised her, when Sirius found out about it. "I'm fine," she said, and physically she was. "There was no fight. He was asleep. I just…didn't want to think about things and I didn't know what else to do." There was a long silence and Lydia struggled with herself. How much could she really tell Severus? He would not understand her sudden jealousy of Lily's pregnancy. She did not understand it herself. He knew she was not in love with Sirius, knew that Remus would not have her, knew that she felt lost and fragile and alone. He knew her better than she knew herself, quicker than she learned herself. Everything was so simple to him when it came to her. She had an urge to ask if there was still somewhere warmer, but she knew it would be foolish, more foolish even than begging Remus to flee the country with her. "I don't know what I'm doing," she finally said, and Severus did not respond for a long while, looking up at her with his liquid eyes, sipping from his tea and honey. She continued to drink her own tea, waiting for him to say something, anything at all. "If you don't know what you're doing," he finally said, "there's nothing to say you can't do something else entirely." "How do I know it's something else if I don't know where I'm at?" It was a stupid question, and Lydia knew it. Severus snorted. "Lydia, you don't want my advice. I could give you advice that might help improve your life, but you won't take it. You came here because you couldn't stay there at the moment. But you'll go back. Won't you?" Lydia sighed, setting down her half-empty cup of tea on the table beside her and rubbing her eyes. "Sev, what if I were to tell you that I think I'm going mad?" "I would tell you to stop telling such ridiculous tales," he said sharply. "You are not mad, and I do not think you are going mad." He was right, of course, but that didn't make Lydia feel any better. She sat there, trying to think of a way to explain what was going through her mind without making him upset with her for some reason or another. Finally, she said, "Have you ever been jealous and not really known why?" Severus cocked his head and looked up at her thoughtfully. "Do you recall," he said softly, "when we were twelve and your father took you to France for three weeks?" Lydia shivered, recalling the awful trip she had taken with her father. It had been unpleasant, and what she had thought would be bonding time with her father turned out to be her sitting in a hotel while he worked out some business deals. He had brought her alone to spite her mother, and had no intention of actually spending time with his daughter. "I was jealous," he said, looking up at her with fathomless, emotionless black eyes. "I knew that you would have no fun, that you would come back with tales of misery, but I was jealous nonetheless, perhaps of your father for stealing you away from me for those weeks, but I think it was more some inexplicable jealousy of you, wanting something I didn't really want because you had it, and because you were so happy before you left." He shrugged. "It went away when you came back miserable, and I was proud of myself for knowing, and even more proud that I was able to cheer you up again." "I remember that," she said with a sad smile. Perhaps there would be something bad about the baby being born that would cure her jealousy. Lydia would get sleep for one thing, and Lily would be sleepless for quite some time. "Does that help at all?" he asked, watching her take a few more drinks from her tea. Did it? Well, it was certainly a balm for the moment, and perhaps when she'd had time to think on it more, it would be just what she needed to hear. "I think so," she said, and they finished their tea in silence. Lydia decided not to hug Severus before heading back to make dinner. If he could smell the sex still, she did not want to subject him to feeling somehow dirty from the hug. Instead, they said their temporary parting words and she returned to Sirius, to make dinner.
Lydia frowned as Sirius let in James. "Is something wrong?" she asked, getting up from the sofa, feeling fear in her chest. He had a rucksack with him. "Did something happen to Lily?" "Lily's fine," he assured Lydia, rubbing his forehead. "We had a bit of a fight. I decided she needed some space from me. One of the Order is looking after her – Emmeline Vance. She's got a bit more sensitivity than I have and I just don't know how to handle the hormones." Lydia breathed a sigh of relief and declared that she would get the guest room ready, because he obviously intended to stay the night. Sirius went to get James a glass of firewhiskey. If anyone needed it, it looked like it was James. Lily was, of course, getting difficult for anyone to manage, with only a couple of months to go before the baby was born. Lydia had been avoiding going to see her, not because she had a particular problem with the fact that her best friend was a hormonal bitch – because she'd always had her moments – but more because she couldn't stand watching James try to please her. It was like being in school all over again, except somehow worse. When Lydia finished changing the sheets and putting out pillows, she went to the kitchen were James and Sirius each had a drink in hand. "I blame you," James said, glaring at Lydia and pointing at her. She raised her eyebrows, sitting beside Sirius. "Blame me for what? The fact that your wife has pregnancy hormones is more your fault than mine, isn't it?" Sirius snorted into his firewhiskey and Lydia felt a bit proud of herself. "That's not what we were talking about, love," Sirius said when he'd put down his drink and wiped his mouth. "He's upset because Lily has found a name she likes for if the baby is a boy, and he won't get to name it James, Jr." "Ah," Lydia said with a shrug. "I had nothing to do with that. She came up with whatever it is all on her own." "A likely story," James said darkly. It was true, though. Despite her best efforts and recommendations, Lydia had not been able to supply a name her best friend liked for the coming baby. Whatever Lily had chosen, it was an inspiration entirely devoid of Lydia's help, although perhaps someone else had helped. "Anyway, what did she pick?" Sirius pressed, before taking another swig of his firewhiskey. "Harry," James said with a shrug. "Harry James Potter. The worst part is, I sort of like it, so I couldn't really argue, could I?" "So if you didn't argue with the name," Lydia asked, grinning, "why is it that she assaulted your head, and what did she assault it with?" James groaned, rubbing the bruised lump on his forehead again. "A frying pan. So stereotypical, right? So utterly cliché. We get into a fight, and a frying pan comes out of nowhere and hits me in the face." Lydia giggled. "It's not funny. Anyway, it wasn't about the name at all. I liked the name. We had no problems with that. I said something about how she shouldn't exert herself at her size, and I meant in her condition, and when I tried to correct myself she insisted that I was insulting her weight and she got all emotional and the frying pan just sort of…. Well, you can guess the rest. The sad part is, we weren't even in the kitchen." Lydia and Sirius were laughing so hard as James protested their laughter that the whole kitchen reverberated with echoes of their laughter. It was good, once in a while, to laugh. Lydia had forgotten how good that felt, just losing herself entirely in the laughter. She finally composed herself as Sirius said, "Sorry, mate. You're right, there's nothing funny about that lump on your face. I'll make sure we lock up all the frying pans before we go to sleep tonight. You never know how far her hormonal magic can reach." He said it so somberly that Lydia had to fight her urge to break out in another peel of giggles, and James considered this possibility very seriously. "You know, that's not a bad-" He broke off abruptly when Sirius and Lydia began to laugh again and he shouted with outrage at how unfair it was that his best friends would tease him in such a way. When they finally controlled themselves and apologized, Lydia made a quick, basic dinner for the three of them and they sat and talked by the fire for a few hours before it was time to go to bed. James went off to the spare bedroom and Sirius led Lydia off to their own bed. Sirius seduced her, and although Lydia felt strange having sex with Sirius while James was just a few rooms away, there was something exhilarating in it as well, in the way Sirius covered her mouth as she moaned, the way he kissed her to swallow up the screams as she came. As soon as the euphoria of the moment had passed, though, Lydia felt a bit dirty and awkward, lying on top of Sirius, knowing that there was every possibility that James still could have heard her. For some reason, that made her feel…guilty. Guilty of what, she didn't really know. "I love you," Sirius sighed, kissing the top of her head. Lydia had gotten into a bit of a habit of not sleeping beside Sirius, but rather on top of him, and he seemed to really prefer this sleeping arrangement, her body covering his like a blanket, her face on his chest, his arms wrapped around her like she was a giant, sweaty teddy bear. This was how they fell asleep that night, and Lydia laid her head on his chest wondering whether or not to make a response to his words, as always. Before she had to make up her mind, she could hear the soft, gentle snore-like sound that told her he was already fast asleep. James went home in the morning after a quick breakfast. Sirius sighed, sitting down across from Lydia. "You know, he's my best friend and I'm always glad to see him, but I'm glad he's not so much of a coward as that most of the time. It would get a bit dull with him around all the time." Lydia had not begun to clean the dishes and was still picking at the ham omelet on her plate that Sirius had made. "What's wrong, love?" he asked, putting his hands on her shoulders. "Is it something to do with the pregnancy?" Perhaps he thought she was a bit jealous, perhaps he hoped that she was a bit jealous, and so even though she was she would not let on. She would not let him use her jealousy to bargain for a wedding when Lydia was fairly certain that the jealousy would fade. It hadn't been her greener emotions that she was thinking on, either, and so she didn't have to lie, exactly. "No, I was just…. Are they less safe?" Sirius sat down beside her and frowned. "What do you mean?" "Well, there's all the extra protection, but is it possible that they're being targeted more because of the baby? Maybe the thought that Lily's weak, or that she might have misfiring magic, or that James is tired from taking care of her or…or… I don't know. Are they less safe?" Sirius ran his fingers through his hair, not looking at Lydia, and she waited. Perhaps he hadn't thought of this, or hadn't thought of it in terms that he could discuss with her. So many secrets littered their lives. "They are very well protected," he said, looking her in the eye, his face more solemn and earnest than she'd seen it in a while. "I need you to understand that. They are heavily protected. As far as whether or not they're being targeted more, I can obviously only speculate. Obviously without those protections they would have made a much easier target, but even if they are being targeted specifically, there would be nothing easy about trying to get to them now. So no, I don't think they're any less safe. I think they're going to be just fine." They stared at each other in silence for a moment before Lydia said, "But they are going to be targeted aren't they? And the special protections, they'll have to be up forever, won't they? Because the child will still be vulnerable. And they can't go on missions together, so one of them will always be home with the baby, waiting, wondering. That would be horrible, wouldn't it? I can imagine better than any of you what that sort of waiting feels like, except theirs would be heavier because a child would be in the balance as well. They'll always be targets." Sirius got up and began to pace and Lydia looked back down at her omelet, feeling a strong desire to stab it brutally. If she didn't eat it now, though, she would be hungry later. "I don't think there's a lot we can say about this," Sirius said with a strained voice. "Look, why don't you just…just…. Try to get some work done today, all right? I have errands to run and then I'm on a patrol duty tonight. I'll be back before dinner, and then I'll go on patrol and be back by the time you go to bed. Think you'll be all right?" Lydia nodded, still stabbing at the omelet. He kissed her forehead and began to clear the table. "Eat, my love," he said, half amused, half frustrated as she continued to poke at her breakfast. "I'm not going to feel comfortable leaving you here alone until half that omelet is gone." With a sigh, Lydia began to cut up the omelet, first in half, then in a few bite-sized strips, quickly eating the cut pieces, looking up at him defiantly as she chewed each bite. He thought this was funny, but Lydia wasn't amused. She almost wanted him to leave so she could make her meeting with Severus, even though it wasn't for another hour. She might go early. Finally, she finished half her omelet and stared up at Sirius mildly, waiting for him to do something, anything. With a sigh he bent down, kissed her lips, and said, "I take it you can wash your dishes when you're done. Have a good day. I hope you have a lot accomplished when I get home so you can tell me all about it." Lydia waited for the sound of the front door closing before tossing out the rest of her omelet. She could hear the motorbike starting, the sound of its engine roaring outside, and then it slowly grew fainter and fainter. To her surprise, then the sound of the bike began to get louder just before disappearing, and she wondered if he forgot something at home. She hurried over to the sink, quickly washing the dishes when the front door opened. She pretended not to be listening, pretended she hadn't noticed, but she was shocked when she turned around and there, at the open kitchen door stood not only Sirius but James, Lily, and Peter. She blinked at them, confused and shocked. "Happy birthday, Lydia!" they all chorused. Still stunned, Lydia found herself being dragged out into the next room, where Lily must have been setting out the cake. How they had pulled all of this off she wasn't sure, but the part that stunned her the most was that she had flat-out forgotten her own birthday. She shivered, thinking of it. "Happy birthday, my love," Sirius whispered in her ear, leading her to sit down beside the cake. "Blow out the candles, make a wish." Lydia looked around at all the expectant faces of her friends. She closed her eyes and wished that Remus would be there, taking a deep breath and blowing out the candles. Her friends were very pleased and Sirius vanished the smoke while Lily began to cut the cake. Lydia watched her best friend and thought on how large she was becoming, how soon it would be that Lily would not even be able to leave her own house. Perhaps that was why they decided to have this party – one last foray outside before she was once again confined. Perhaps the incident with James was a foil, and that he prepared the party while Lydia was in the other room. She could feel the smile on her face but did not quite understand why it was there. She could not remember putting it there. Perhaps she could sneak away for a moment and send an apology to Severus, or have Lily do it for her if she wrote it out. Lily would be able to sneak off more easily, having a bladder the size of a Sickle. They had gotten through a slice of cake each when there was a knock on the door. Sirius told Lydia to sit back down when she went to get up and he went over to the front door. She swallowed when Remus walked through the front door and the whole room went silent as Sirius and Remus looked at each other with dark, tense expressions. Lydia was glad he showed up, but this wasn't what she'd wanted. She needed to be more specific with her wishes from then on. "I thought you were still out of the country, Remus," Sirius said, obviously trying to be polite." "No, I got in about an hour ago and Lily let me know…. Well, I can't miss Lydia's birthday, now can I?" Sirius gave him a look that said quite plainly, "Can't you?" but he said nothing, and he closed the door behind Remus, who was moving in to join the party. Lily cut him a slice of cake with a hand that was trembling ever-so-slightly. For whatever reason, Sirius had purposefully set the party in the hopes that Remus wouldn't make it, knowing that he wouldn't have to invite him, and Lily defied Sirius's wishes, because Lydia was certain that she knew what Sirius had intended. Lydia felt slightly sick and pushed away the rest of her cake. "So," she said, forcing a smile and turning to Remus. "You were out of the country. Where?" "I'm not sure I'm allowed to say," Remus said with a small frown, and he glanced at Sirius who was glaring at him and Lily alternatively. Lily was handling it with grace. Remus seemed to be expecting another punch to his face. "He was in Germany," Lily said. "There were multiple news items in Germany, Remus. There's no way she can tell jus from that." Lydia felt her stomach turning as she thought over the newspaper. She would have to check it again, if Sirius didn't throw it out first. Presents were opened as soon as Remus finished his first slice of cake, although seconds were being handed out to everyone who wanted them – namely, the boys – and Lydia began with the gift from Peter. "Oh, thank you, Peter," she said, looking through the Arithmancy book she suspected Lily helped him pick out. "It's lovely. And a first edition, too!" Peter blushed a bit and she picked up the joint gift from Lily and James, which was something she was still getting used to, joint gifts from Lily and James. "Oh!" she said happily, fining a deluxe set of sugar quills, plus a large set of her favorite actual quills, which she had told Lily she was going to have to get more of soon. "Thank you! I've never seen so many feathers in one package before!" They all laughed, and she set the gift aside carefully, looking down at the two gifts that remained. Did she open Remus or Sirius last? Sirius would be offended either way, she could imagine. Either she was saving the best for last, or she was so eager to open Remus's that she couldn't wait. Well, she supposed she ought to open Remus first, since she'd already opened the others, and it couldn't be helped that Sirius's hadn't gone first. She opened the gift from Remus with slightly shaking fingers, wondering what he could possibly give her to follow the bracelet he brought her on Valentine's Day, the one she put on whenever she could count on Sirius to be gone for any length of time and took off the minute he was due home. Inside was an assortment of all her favorite sweets, and she wondered at what such a collection would have cost him. "Thank you," she said, hoping her voice didn't sound too pleased, and she moved on to Sirius's gift, which was smaller, but she had no doubt that it would turn out to be the most expensive one. He'd been asking her jewelry-related questions since Remus had given her the bracelet, and it had been a long time since he'd bought her anything sparkly. It was a box that clearly held a ring, she realized after unwrapping it, and her heart began to pound. They'd had an agreement. No wedding. This couldn't be a wedding ring. She opened it up to find a fashion ring and very nearly breathed a sigh of relief. It was a blue stone set in a large silver butterfly and she realized how impractical it would be to wear around the house. Beautiful, certainly, but not something she would get a lot of use out of. "Thank you," she said, kissing his cheek and watching him beam with pride. "It's lovely." Sirius had her put it on then and there, and when she glanced up at the carefully controlled anger in Remus's eyes, she felt both hope and a stab of pain. There just didn't seem to be any way to win.
"Lily's in good spirits, anyway," Sirius said to Peter and Lydia over tea. "She'll be pretty much confined to bed in another month or so, and she can hardly get around, but she's trooping along. I think James is starting to pity her more and more. Not that he didn't already." Lydia nodded. They had a lot of contact with James, who was starting to get anxious with the thought of being a father, especially since he didn't know if it was a boy or a girl. For whatever reason, this was causing him untold anxiety. "Good to hear," Peter said, nodding. "I haven't had a chance to head their way in a while. So busy, you know." They nodded. Everyone in the Order, Lydia learned, was taking on insane hours to compensate for the temporary loss of Lily and James for missions. Lily could still brew Potions and James could still do paperwork-level things, but the active hours were impossible for them, and there were so many active hours to fill. Lydia was getting more and more time alone, and she wasn't sure whether or not she liked it. With so many hours out, working, Sirius was sure to become more vulnerable. "How's Remus been?" Sirius asked Peter. "I don't hear from him much, you know." "Oh, I was just talking to Dumbledore about that," Peter said, frowning slightly. "He…well, he went off again." "Off?" Lydia asked. "He's got some secret mission that he works on," Sirius said. "You know, the one he keeps disappearing for. None of us really know anything about it except that it takes up large chunks of his time. I didn't know he was due to leave again." "Apparently Dumbledore was only just learning about it too," Peter said slowly. "Which I thought was odd." Lydia didn't see something that odd about it. It was very easy for her to see what could be happening, that something had gone wrong and they had to send him in at the last minute, that Remus learned something before Dumbledore did because he was more in tune with what was actually going on in…wherever he was. Sirius, though, also frowned. Perhaps these things weren't possibilities, by the look on Sirius's face. "You're right," he said slowly. "That is a bit odd. Did Dumbledore…say anything about it?" Lydia wondered what that meant, but she had a feeling that it was kept very cryptic for her benefit. She got up and began to wash the cups. "N-no, I don't think he…. I don't think he thinks it's that. You know. Well, at least, that's not the sense I got." "What sense did you get?" "I think he thinks there's something wrong in Remus's…social life." Lydia nearly dropped a cup in the sink. Heartache. That's what Peter thought Dumbledore was suspecting for his running off on short notice. Was Sirius exerting more control over the situation that the boys were letting on? Had he decided that being near her and not having her was too much to stand? She realized she'd been frozen too long and she worked to pick up the pace again, anxious to make it look like she wasn't bothered by their discussion. "Did he actually say that?" "No, it was just my sense." "So Remus didn't say anything like that to him," Sirius said slowly. "Well, if he did, Dumbledore didn't mention it to me. I didn't think he would have told me if that was the sort of thing Remus had said, but Dumbledore seemed…out of sorts about it. And some of the things he reacted to made me think that's what happened." Sirius knew as well as Lydia that Peter was very good at reading people, as was Dumbledore. If that was what happened, she wouldn't have been surprised, and she didn't think Sirius should have been either, but he seemed skeptical. Whatever he had communicated to Peter, he still thought it was what Remus had really left for, and Lydia was both curious and anxiously not interested in learning what it was. "Would either of you like more tea?" Lydia asked. "I'll take some," Sirius said. "No more for me," Peter muttered, shaking his head. "But if you have a bit more of that cheese…" Lydia fetched him some more cheese and crackers as Sirius teased him for being so predictably true to type. After Lily found out about James's Animagus form, Lydia and Lily had been treated to transformation demonstrations by all three of the Marauders, a dog, a stag, and a rat. Lydia now found Peter's love of cheese to be entertaining, and she'd often wonder what Sirius would do if she fed him cleverly disguised dog food. Thankfully, she'd never had the nerve to actually try it and find out. When Peter finished his cheese and Sirius finished his tea, Peter took his leave, saying that he needed to visit his mother before he went on his mission or she would worry. Lydia saw him out, helped him with his coat, and locked the door behind him, very nervous about what Sirius's mood would be when she went back to the kitchen. As she might have guessed, he was scowling at his empty cup when she came in. "If it's offending you," she said, trying to be a bit cheeky, "I can wash it for you, you know." Sirius started, looking up at her. "Sorry," he said sharply. "I'm just…worried about you." "About me?" she laughed, picking up the cup from him. "What on earth are you worried about me for? I never leave the house and I'm not so pregnant I can't move. It's Lily you should be worried about." Sirius just watched her, and she tried to laugh it off, but something in the way he looked at her made her uneasy about the whole thing. "What is it, Sirius?" she sighed, turning to look at him. His eyes were burning with a sort of frenzy she hadn't seen there in a long time. "It's nothing," he sighed. "I've just been thinking about the spy, that's all." Lydia sat down across from him. "Have there been any more leads?" she asked, feeling for the first time since he'd said it why he was worried about her. If they still hadn't found the spy, she could very well be in constant danger. He would have no way of knowing. "Not exactly," he muttered, rubbing his temples. What did that mean? Why did he have to be so cryptic? Surely she had a right to know about things upon which her own life depended. "Sirius, what do you mean, not exactly?" she pressed. "Lydia, I can't-" "No," she said firmly. "No, if I'm in danger, you need to tell me what you know. You don't get to skirt around the issue. That's not fair to me." She thought of the things she had kept from him, things that could have saved his last house, warnings she'd gotten from Severus. But that was different. It was entirely different. "Lydia," he sighed. "Dumbledore hasn't announced anything. I've just…I've got suspicions. Patterns of behavior, things I can't explain…and they worry me. They terrify me." Moving closer, she took his hand. "Then share them so they don't have to be your burden alone," she said, although the thought of him sharing his fears terrified her. If he was afraid, surely it would be nothing she wanted to hear. Sirius shook his head and sighed. "The spy, presumably," he said with a shaking voice, "is one of our own who has unaccounted-for absences at important fights and events." Lydia nodded. "He would be someone who knows enough to have given away all the information that we can, at this point, speculate has been given over. There could even be more." Lydia nodded again. She wasn't sure where he was headed with this, but he seemed to want her to understand something, so she did her best. "He would be someone who disappeared frequently perhaps, supposedly for things that were so secretive the rest of us couldn't know about them, so he never needed an alibi. We would just assume. And then…then he would try to sew dissent between us, create more paranoia for everyone, make us have a little bit harder time sleeping at night." "And you think you've found someone who fits all these things?" Lydia asked, nervous, her heart pounding. "I have," he groaned, putting his head on the table. "I think…I think Remus might be the spy." Lydia pulled her hand out of his so fast she almost thought she perhaps should have done so, but it was too late to take back the act. Sirius looked up at her, pained. "Don't you see, Lydia?" he pressed. "He's a werewolf. Think of what he has to gain if Voldemort wins? Think about what is being offered to his kind!" "Stop it," Lydia said, shaking her head. "I know you're upset with him because…because…" Sirius slammed his hand down on the table. "Don't you see?" he said desperately. "Are you too in love with him to see what he's doing? This isn't about stealing you away from me, Lydia, this is about the war! It's all about the war! All this time, I've been thinking the attack on you would be from Bellatrix or someone outside, but I've invited him into my own home! Nobody knows better than Remus how much I love you, Lydia. Nobody!" She swallowed. She couldn't believe this. She didn't want to believe it. Remus did love her. He'd said so. Although, according to Sirius this was all a trick to weaken Sirius, to hurt Sirius, to try to shift his loyalties away from the Order, away from Dumbledore. Lydia's heart was racing and she scrambled to her feet. She needed to get out of there. She needed air. She needed to get away from Sirius. "Lydia, please!" he said, rushing toward her. "Don't touch me," she said coldly. "Please, I just…I just need…. I can't…." "Lydia, look at me," Sirius said firmly, grabbing her shoulders and turning her. She looked up into his fierce, swirling gray eyes and she began to sob. She tried to get away from Sirius, but he held her against his chest tightly as she cried and thrashed. "Lydia, please believe me that this is the last thing I want to believe. But you have to look at the facts." Lydia didn't want to look at the facts. She wanted Remus to have meant it when he said he loved her, and she knew Sirius didn't want that. How could she believe that Remus would betray his friends, betray her? It was unthinkable! But then, Severus had said to trust no one. He would have known how difficult it would be for Lydia to suspect Remus. She finally pulled out of his grasp. "I don't believe it," she said firmly, wiping her face. "You can believe it all you want, but unless you can provide me with very clear, obvious proof, I refuse to believe that Remus, one of our best friends, would do that. Think about what you're saying Sirius." "I am thinking about it," he sighed. "I've been thinking about it. I wish I could make you see just how much this hurts me, Lydia. But I think it almost hurts more than you won't believe me." They just stood there in the middle of the kitchen for a long while, staring at each other. "I've got to go," Sirius said abruptly. "I promised Lily I'd do their shopping. I want to get it done before dinner." "Go on, then," Lydia said, clearing her throat and trying to calm herself. "It's fine. I'll make dinner while you're gone." He looked at her and she could see his Adam's apple bobbing a little as he swallowed. Then he nodded, kissed her tear-stained cheek, and she stood, waiting for the sound of his motorbike to fade to nothing. She took a few moments to calm herself before turning back into the kitchen and trying to focus on making dinner instead of on the horrible accusations Sirius had just made against Remus. Still, was he right? Was she unable to look at the situation realistically because she was blinded by her love for him? No matter how she tried to just focus on the facts Sirius had laid out before her, Lydia could not bring herself to believe it. She supposed that meant that either she was completely doomed or that Sirius was wrong. She was hoping for the latter. Lydia had just begun to roast some potatoes when there was a tapping at the window. She thought the owl might be from Severus, whom she had not seen or heard from in a while, but as it turned out, it was a short, quick, hastily-written note from Remus. Her hands shook as she opened it, hoping that it gave her some sort of proof that Sirius was wrong, instead of proof that he was right. Dearest Lydia, I hope this finds you well. I've gone off on a mission again, can't say where or what. It was a very sudden thing and I don't know when I'll be back. I hope to be home in time to be there for the birth of Lily and James's child, but I can't really be sure. I wanted, though, to take a moment to ask you to forgive me for my recent behavior. You know that I love you, but it has been difficult for me, wanting what is best for you and at the same time seeing terrible things in this war and wanting you for myself. In the end, I need to do what is best for you, though. Forgive me. Love, Remus She turned it over, hoping for a postscript, anything at all, that would tell her that he didn't meant what he was saying and that he wasn't giving up on her entirely. Well, there was her answer about his behavior and one she could believe far more than the one Sirius had given her. He was struggling with seeing his death before him nearly every day and wanting her, knowing that he also felt like she was better off without him. He was torn between being generous and selfish, and apparently his generous side had finally won out. Lydia balled up the rather small piece of parchment and stared at it, setting it on the kitchen counter, trying to decide exactly what she wanted to do with it. Part of her wanted to show Sirius, but she knew it wasn't proof enough that he was wrong to actually convince him. And part of her wanted nothing more than to burn it, as if doing so would somehow change the truth of it, the fact of it, erase its existence from her personal history. She went about making dinner, but every so often she would glance over at the little ball of parchment and feel anger and pain swell up inside her again. Then she would turn back to her task to calm herself, but nothing had been resolved. Nothing had been dealt with. Finally, when she finished tossing the salad she knew she had to confront this little ball of parchment and she walked right up to it, looking down at it. She couldn't burn it. Destroying it didn't feel right. Even if she hated what it said, it was from Remus, and it told her that he loved her. But she couldn't keep it, either. Somehow, she could almost see Sirius being able to forgive her for keeping Severus's Potions book around. After all, the tips in the margins had saved his life on occasion, and that was something Lily would take her side on. She didn't keep his letters. It didn't seem right to rid herself of Severus's letters, which were never really threatening to Sirius, and then keep Remus's letter, which contained a declaration of love. She couldn't bring herself to burn it, though. Not with those words on the page. She picked up the little piece of parchment in her hand and frowned at it. There had to be something, some way to ensure it was gone and Sirius never saw it, without exactly destroying it. Smiling to herself, Lydia pulled the strainer out of the sink, turning on the water and squeezing the parchment into a tighter ball. She turned the water on to a higher pressure and carefully placed the parchment where the strainer had been, watching it quickly get whisked off down the drain before turning the water off and putting the strainer back in. She could hear Sirius's motorbike approaching and she felt strangely satisfied. And then she felt a sharp stab of loss, but she pushed it aside as Sirius came in. He smiled at the dinner on the table and said, "Looks great, love. I'm starving." He was obviously ignoring the fight they'd had earlier, and she wondered whether she should do the same. Whatever Sirius wanted to believe, she now felt she had true and actual confirmation that Remus did love her, despite his pushing her away, that she wasn't just a pawn in the larger context of the war. She sat down beside Sirius and took his hand. His eyebrows rose, but he smiled at her. To his pleasant surprise, Lydia actually leaned forward and kissed him, feeling sort of giddy now that she'd gotten rid of the half-comforting, half-offending note, and he sank into the kiss for a moment, kissing her back with passion before she pulled away and turned to her meal. "What was that for?" he asked, confused, but smiling. "It just felt right," she answered honestly. Even if she tried to explain, even if she thought it was a good idea, she didn't think she could find the words. If she found the words, she didn't think he would understand anyway, the feeling of half-vindication that made her feel like she was soaring. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new follower, storylover1818. Thanks for the follow, and I hope you continue to enjoy this piece! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new follower, shaenyface. I hope you enjoy this very important chapter, and the rest of the story! Thanks for joining this journey! -C Sirius had been on a mission for three days, which both he and Lydia had mixed feelings about. Lily and James's child was due any day, and so it was important that all of the Order members picked up that slack more than ever. There could be no question of James doing one last thing before the birth. He had to be with Lily, at all times, period. On the other hand, Lydia knew that Sirius didn't like being away from them for so long this close to the birth, as he desperately wanted not to miss it, either. Lydia didn't have to ask to know that Sirius would be the godfather, but this put her in an awkward position. She had already told Lily that she didn't want any discussion of her as godmother, knowing that if something did happen there would be all sorts of pressure for her and Sirius to marry, for the sake of the child, and that just wasn't something she was willing to do. She was sitting in her study, contemplating what direction to take her current work in. There were a lot of things she could do, and she began to make a list, trying to decide what would be most beneficial to her research in the long run. She just thought she was about to get somewhere when she heard a tapping at the window. Lydia was in full alert, expecting news from Godric's Hollow any time, although she would have expected it via Floo. Still, she hoped up and went for the letter immediately, hands shaking as she thought of her exceptionally pregnant best friend. But the letter was not from Lily. Of course, that did not mean that this couldn't be about Lily. In fact, it was. Lydia, I apologize to bother you, but I am writing to inquire as to Lily's condition. How is she? Has she had the child yet? What is the gender? I beg you answer me. -HBP For the longest moment she could not decide what to make of this bizarre, hastily scrawled note from Severus. He was obviously upset about something, something to do with Lily and the child, but Lydia had a very important decision to make. It would be nothing at all for her to write him a quick reply and answer all of his questions. She knew the answers to all of them, as they stood in that very moment. But should she? Lydia was not political, but Lily was. Lily would not want any Death Eater, whether or not it was Severus, to know anything about the coming child, and Lydia knew that was for good reason. She ran her fingers over the letter, thinking about how she could answer. If she could answer. Of course, she could simply send him a polite refusal to answer. He would understand. Probably. Or she could simply not respond at all. But doing that had its dangers, and she wasn't sure she wanted to risk Severus showing up and demanding answers, either at Sirius's house or Godric's Hollow. Either way, the end result wouldn't be pretty. "Oh, fine," she sighed, picking up a quill and jotting quickly on the back of his note. Sev, No bother. She's fine. I won't say more on the child because I can't do that without asking Lily, and she wouldn't want me to write it, so there's no need to ask. Please understand. -Lydia Her eyes scanned the reply a few times, ensuring that there was nothing in it that seemed immediately offensive to her eyes. If it was something she wouldn't want sent in a letter to her, she knew Severus would take it just as poorly or worse. Finally, when she knew there was no more point in stalling, she tied the note back to the bird and sent it on its way. She kept the window open, letting in the crisp July air and looking out at the sky. It was strange to think that Sirius was somewhere under that same sky. She readied herself for bed still thinking about Sirius, wondering what he was doing in a way she hadn't for some time. There was something in the way that she was pushing Remus out of her mind as much as possible that had made her grow a bit closer to Sirius, although she knew she still did not love him. She wondered if those things really did come with time, or if she would just never be able to love him. The worst part, though, was envisioning a day when she would have to actually tell him the truth. Because eventually he would not be satisfied anymore to have her answer with silence when he said that he loved her. Sooner or later, it would not be enough, and Lydia wondered if when that day came she would be able to say those words. She couldn't say them if she did not mean them. But could she ever mean them? Lydia climbed into bed and thought over the letter from Severus, the strange character of it, and what he could have meant in writing it. There was something very odd about the whole thing, something that made her anxious. She wondered if it was maybe not this anxiety instead of her issues with Lily not wanting Severus to know that had kept her from really revealing anything in the letter to Severus. After all, he would know soon enough. The Death Eaters had a spy, didn't they? Severus did not need to know from her. And yet, he seemed to want to know from her instead of the spy, as though the spy's information would be…tainted? Untimely? She really couldn't be sure, but she had made her answer, she told herself as her eyes drooped into sleep. What was done was done. When Sirius returned the following evening, they did not talk of the mission. They did not talk about anything to do with the war, and they only vaguely discussed the fact that Lily had not yet gone into labor. But Lydia had read the paper that morning, and she could guess what he'd being doing. There were three massive Death Eater raids up in York that week, and she knew he must have been doing something to do with that. Twenty dead, all told. Five wizards, fifteen Muggles. Six of the Muggles were children. It was hard to look at such reports, but Lydia felt she needed to know, needed to be aware of the war and how dark and dangerous it was getting. The reports were getting even more gruesome, which meant that the war was as well. People were becoming used to such reports, even though it was still something that caused fear. She sat up for a moment, watching Sirius sleep. There were new scars on his collarbone, ones she couldn't decide the cause of. Dark Magic, probably. She traced a finger along one of them and wondered what he would say if she asked him about them. But she didn't want to ask. When she finally grew bored, she turned over and let herself be enveloped by sleep. But the sleep was troubled. When Sirius shook her awake she could only remember screams, blood, a flash of green. "Shh," he whispered, holding her as she sobbed into his shoulder. "Shh. It's all right, love. You're all right. It was just a bad dream. You're safe." But it was not just a bad dream. It was memories mixed with things she'd read, and she could feel the sense of reality choking her. Sirius had to understand that these weren't just nightmares. He had to know what she was experiencing. She'd woken him up from a few of these, too, but it seemed like she had them more. "Just relax," he told her gently, kissing her forehead. "Just relax, Lydia. There's no need to get all worked up. Now, do you want me to get you something to take?" Lydia shook her head. She would not be clouded by a potion. She would not let that happen. "I'll be fine," she whispered. "I just…" A fresh wave of sobs overcame her words. Sirius just held her against him, combing his fingers through her hair rhythmically and whispering soothing words. There was so much she couldn't say, so many things she was afraid of that saying out loud would ruin something of. She could not talk about loving Remus. She could not talk about her fears with Severus. It felt, sometimes, like she couldn't talk about anything at all. When Lydia had finally calmed down she rested her head against Sirius's chest. He was on his back, looking up at the ceiling, still running his fingers through her hair. "Do you feel better?" he whispered into the darkness. No. "Yes," she lied, feeling the gentle rise and fall of his ribs beneath her head as he breathed. She could hear his heartbeat, steady and somewhat soothing, although it still hadn't fully calmed down from being woken by her screams and scrambling to wake her. She felt bad that she'd caused him so much worry in that moment. It seemed silly, now. Nothing was that bad, not really. "Good," he said, kissing the top of her head. "I hate seeing you like that, you know. I hate seeing you panic. I wish you never had another nightmare." Lydia felt an urge to tell him how absurd he was to say that, but she said nothing. She merely focused on the warmth of his body radiating onto her cheek. He smelled especially good. He'd take a shower not long before they climbed into bed and she could still smell his soap. Lydia breathed in deeply, thinking about the few showers they'd taken together and how much stronger and slightly more erotic that soap was when he was actually in the act of using it. Without thinking, she feathered her fingers up his side. Sirius gasped a massive intake of air and she frowned slightly, wondering what she had done. And then she felt his hand cover hers and she realized she had caressed him. His fingers were warm, enveloping hers, and she hoped he was going to say something about her hands being cold. Instead, he rolled them over onto their sides, kissing her firmly, but with a fluid sort of passion they did not have most of the time. At first, Lydia felt disconcerted by the fact that he was seducing her after she'd woken up with war nightmares, but it was hard to push Sirius Black away. She moaned a little as his hand traced her skin, pulling her closer and lifting her leg over his. He was trying to get closer. She knew that people sometimes had sex in this position, but they never had. Even when she started being on top, it had taken a long time before she was fully comfortable with the change. She wasn't quite ready for a new change. And then she felt his fingers slide inside her and she gasped, forgetting her train of thought entirely and willing him to move them, any movement at all. Lydia allowed Sirius to roll her onto her back and he began to kiss her torso, focusing on her breasts, which seemed still to respond so eagerly to his every touch. She moaned as his mouth closed over one, warm and wet and purposeful as he kissed and sucked and licked and nipped. She found her fingers running through his hair, caught up in the sensations, relishing every single touch. But she could vaguely hear something with her waning conscious mind, and she tried to get Sirius to stop and listen. It was difficult, but finally he must have heard it too, because he froze. "Fuck," he groaned. "I think it's James." He hurried out of the bedroom to the fireplace, pulling on pants as he went, and Lydia sat up, stretching and trying to calm her body before pulling on a dressing gown and following him. "Hurry up!" she could hear James saying. "Apparently it's coming soon, and if you don't hurry you'll miss it!" Lydia and Sirius did not need another warning. They rushed off to dress haphazardly before Apparating to Godric's Hollow. Peter was already there, shifting uncomfortably, and he offered to get them something to drink while James was busy being a basket case in the other room. Ignoring the boys and declining the drink, Lydia pushed through to where Lily was screaming. "Lily?" she said in the calm voice she used when Healing Sirius, when he was upset. "Lydia," James said, surprised. "Lydia, I don't think-" "Let her in, James!" Lily said frantically. "Lydia, I think you're right about children! It hurts so terribly." Lydia winced to see her friend in such unearthly agony, to watch as her beautiful face contorted into something utterly grotesque. Rushing into the room, Lydia , pushed James aside and sat on the edge of the bed, pulling out her wand, trying to decide what she could do to help with the delivery of this baby. "James, get ice," Lydia snapped. She was trying to remember everything she read in the Healing books Sirius had gotten her for Christmas. "Lily, how long have you been in labor?" "Three hours," Lily whined. "James was doing the dishes, and I didn't want to make a fuss, and then it was just so painful and…." She shrieked. Lydia checked and breathed a sigh of relief. "You're fully dilated," she assured her friend. You can start to push on the next contractions. You're really nearly there, Lily. It's going to be over soon. Just focus." "It's sort of hard to focus when your body's being ripped apart!" Lily spat. Lydia tried not to respond to that. It was hard, but she loved her best friend, and she didn't think it would be right to get angry at a woman in labor. Lily was fine when she stopped talking and focused on pushing. Well, not fine. She was still screaming in pain and effort, but at least she wasn't lashing out at everyone around her. Progress. "Almost there," Lydia assured her. "One more push and the head should come." That was, if the baby was coming out the right way around, but Lydia was no expert in delivery of babies. She was simply doing the best she could. Thankfully, the baby came out the right way around, head first, and James grinned at the tuft of black hair on its head as Lydia siphoned off the fluids that could damage the child, or choke it. "Keep going, Lily, the head is out!" Lydia pressed. The shoulders seemed small, as Lily did not make any particular complaint about them. It wasn't long, then, until the baby was out, and Lydia carefully severed the cord and washed the child, drying him and holding him in one arm until she could be certain that the placenta was out of Lily and that she was going to be fine. Then Lydia smiled and said to her exhausted, sweaty, glassy-eyed best friend, "Say hello to Harry James Potter." "It's a boy?" James asked, touching the little tuft of hair uneasily. "We have a son?" "You have a son." Lily reached up with weak limbs, begging to hold him, and Lydia passed the child to his mother. Lydia waited for a moment before James and Lily asked her to go and fetch Peter and Sirius. She did so, rushing out to them, wiping her hands on a damp towel as she went. They stood up instantly when she came into the room, both of their faces full of fear and apprehension. She smiled tiredly at them, knowing that it would easy some of their stress. "It's a boy," she announced. "Harry James Potter. They wanted me to come and get you both." Sirius laughed, scooping Lydia off her feet in a hug and spinning her around. "The baby is here!" he cried with excitement. "The baby has been born!" Lydia laughed, letting him kiss her passionately, getting caught up in his excitement until Peter cleared his throat and she remembered herself, the pair of them still grinning as she pulled away from the kiss and lead them back to the baby. James was holding him when they arrived. "Sirius," James said, grinning. "Sirius, it's a boy." "Lydia said," Sirius said, beaming at him. "May I…?" "Of course," Lily said when James looked at her with questioning eyes. "Just don't drop him." Sirius gave a nervous laugh and nodded, taking the small infant in his arms, smiling and clearly overcome by emotion. Lydia was worried that he was going to start asking her for a baby, but at the moment he appeared too stunned. "Merlin, he's so tiny," Sirius said, voice filled with awe. "Like the smallest little human there ever was." James lifted his glasses slightly off the bridge of his nose to wipe his eyes, nodding. "You're a godfather," he said, giving a choked laugh, somewhere between amusement and purest joy. Sirius grinned all the brighter at this, kissing the little forehead of the baby. "Yeah, I am," he said happily, brushing the tips of his fingers along the dusting of hair on the baby's head. "Harry James Potter." He grinned so forcefully, it looked as though it might hurt. He turned to James. "You know something else? You're a father." At this, tears actually came to James's eyes as this realization actually dawned on him, and Sirius hugged him, still holding the baby. Lydia sat down beside Lily, who was smiling sleepily where she lay. "Excellent," she murmured. "He's a softie after all." Lydia giggled. "Good job, mum," she teased her best friend, knowing she would never forget this incredible day for as long as she lived. A/N: So, I was reading through this story today with Missing Triforce while she was over, and it is incredible how many typos there are. IDK how you all read this. I apologize, and when I finish I'll go through and edit from the beginning, so if you choose to reread it ever, you won't be accosted with typos all over the place. -C
Remus was back from wherever he had been. Lydia and Sirius had been doting on Harry, and Remus came around to finally get a look at the child who had been born about a week ago. "Oh," he said, looking at Lydia, who was sitting next to Sirius, who was holding the baby. "Oh, I didn't realize…" The unsaid words hung on the air and Lydia winced, wishing that he hadn't said anything at all. Sirius stiffened, and Harry began to fuss, obviously sensing that something was wrong. Lydia took him from Sirius and began to soothe him. "Remus," Sirius said, trying to be nonchalant. "How was…the mission?" "Well as can be expected," Remus sighed, sitting across from them. Lily was too weak still for too much socializing, but James came in a moment later and froze. He glanced around at their faces, weighing the situation, and Lydia fought the urge to roll her eyes as Harry smacked his little lips. "Remus," James finally said, clapping him on the shoulder. "Glad you could make it! Lily's taking a nap right now. She's still worn out, but…. Here, have you met little Harry?" "Not officially," Remus said with forced lightness, taking the child from Lydia's hands. "Hello, Harry." Harry seemed to be very interested in Remus, and Lydia could not help but smile at this interaction. She could feel Sirius's arm snaking around her waist, and she knew he was about to get much more possessive now that Remus had arrived, but she liked to think that it wasn't going to be that big of a deal. After all, they had a baby in the room to distract them from their issues. She let Sirius grab her hand, and she smiled at him, letting her head rest on his shoulder. She wished she hadn't done that last part, though, because a flicker of pain flashed on Remus's face. "James!" They all turned to look as Lily called for James, who sighed, scrambled to his feet, and hurried off again. "That was a quick nap," Lydia said, trying to relieve some of the tension in the room, but there seemed to be no use whatsoever. They said nothing, Remus frowning slightly as Harry began to doze in his arms. James poked his head back out. "She wants to see you, Remus," he said, smiling sheepishly. Remus went, handing Harry back to Sirius. He left the room and Sirius sighed. "I wish we'd had some warning. That was terrible." Lydia nodded blankly, looking after where Remus had left. If they'd had some warning, then maybe some of the awkwardness could have been avoided, but she had a feeling that in the long run it wouldn't have made too much of a difference. Perhaps he'd only just arrived back. He would still have been surprised to see them, and that would have led to much the same result. "Lydia, you're not…regretting that you didn't leave me for him, are you?" She started, looking at Sirius in shock. They had never spoken so plainly about the matter while he was sober. "Sirius, even if I had wanted to leave you, he wouldn't have had me," she said firmly. "He made that perfectly clear. Honestly, I try not to think about it." It was surprising to her when she saw Sirius's eyes fill with pity. He touched her cheek and said, "Lydia, any man who had a shot with you would be a fool not to take it." There was something strange about him saying this, but something very sweet and comforting as well. She closed her eyes as his fingertips caressed her cheek. She felt minutely proud of herself in that moment, although she did feel a bit of pain and anger at the thought that Remus clearly wanted her and yet would not be with her. It was infuriating, knowing how wonderful they would be, but how it could never be. "I'm a bit tired," she muttered as Sirius's lips made to close in on hers. "Maybe I should…" "Please," he muttered, his breath mingling with hers, and she forgot for a moment what it was she was about to say. Lydia sighed into the kiss he gave her. "I need to go rest," she said, finally extracting herself from the kiss. "I'll see you when you're done with your visit." "I can go with you-" "No, no, no, don't be silly. Spend time with your godson. Have a drink with Remus. You two were always friends after all. I know what you think about him, but…at least make an effort. I'll sleep better if the house is quiet." Sirius sighed. "All right, love," he said, kissing her cheek. "Sleep well." Lydia went back to take her leave from Lily and James, and saw Remus sitting beside Lily, smiling at her sadly. "I'm going home," Lydia said. "Sirius is going to stay awhile, but I've got a headache and could use a rest." "Oh, feel better," Lily said sadly, reaching out for Lydia, who came close and kissed her tired friend on the cheek. "You too," she said gently. "Harry's going to need you. Have a good nap." She turned to look at the boys, hugging James. "I'll see you all soon, I expect." She left the room before Remus could say anything, and she wondered if she was really looking out for herself, or running away. When Lydia got home, she immediately peeled off her clothes, pulled on a nightgown, and crawled into bed. She hadn't been lying about being tired, although she recognized that it might have been an excuse to avoid the awkward situation. She let her head fall to the pillow and allowed sleep to overtake her, for once not even having to work her way into the nap she so craved. A sound woke her not an hour later, however, and she looked around the room, frowning, wondering what that tapping was and why it wouldn't stop when she groaned at it. There was an owl, and Lydia knew it was Severus. She was nervous, hoping it was not bad news again. She couldn't take bad news. She was too happy for bad news. Still, she lifted herself out of bed and let in the owl, letting it rest on the bedside table while she untied the letter. It was always better to know than to wonder. She unrolled the letter and quickly scanned it. Lydia, I am sure you've been very busy. Much has happened since we last spoke. Lily…. I know about the birth. At least, I know that it happened. Please, tell me the details. When? Was it an easy labor? I hope she didn't suffer too much. And the child, is it a boy or a girl? The Dark Lord knows the information, but he is not sharing. Please tell me. Respond soon. -HBP Lydia smoothed the small scrap of parchment with her thumb, wondering what to make of it, what to do. Obviously he was frantic. Everything about the letter screamed it. But there was something that worried her. You-Know-Who already knew all the answers to his questions. He was very sure of it, which meant that the spy was someone who had seen Lily since the birth. Sirius, Remus, Peter, Dumbledore, and Mad-Eye were the only options she knew of. It was impossible to Lydia to imagine that any of them were the spy, so she had to conclude that someone else from the Order had also visited, or that perhaps one of them had spoken to someone in the Order. Yes, that was it. Peter would see no need to be discrete about something like this, and no doubt told at least one other person of his experience of being at Godric's Hollow for the birth. That's how the spy knew. But there was still the question of what to do about the letter. Severus did not know the answers. Severus wanted a reply. Lydia looked down at the note, and she thought that perhaps she ought to send him another short answer saying that she could not answer his questions. After all, this child was not Lydia's to talk about, nor was the experience. These were details of Lily's life, incredibly personal, and there was no way that Lydia could imagine Lily would be all right with her telling Severus about it all. She even went so far as to get out the parchment and a quill, but just as she started fumbling around for an inkwell, Lydia could think of nothing to say. What could she possibly say, when there was so much that would be inferred in any polite response she gave? Lydia would have to weigh every word, and was it worth that? Eventually, Severus would learn from other paths, and Lydia did not want to feel responsible for passing along information that Lily would want secret, even inadvertently. Remus's words at Christmas about how Lydia wasn't likely to pass information to Death Eaters echoed in her head. But she had passed on, inadvertently, that the Order knew they had a spy, and that they had no idea who it was. She wondered if Severus had shared that morsel of information with anyone, if he and his few colleagues he associated with had shared a good laugh over her naïve passing of information. No, this time she would not play the fool. She knew Severus probably meant well, but he had a mark on his arm that meant he was not completely beholden to himself alone. Lydia could trust him, but she had to be very careful. And the only way in this moment hat Lydia felt she could be careful was by not replying. She took the bird and ushered it out the window, watching it fly away before she closed the window behind it, lingering for just those few moments with her face in the lukewarm summer air. When she closed the window, Lydia immediately burned the letter. Especially this letter could not be seen by Sirius. She didn't want to think what he would suppose if he saw it. She cleaned up the ash remnants of the parchment and climbed back into bed, on top of the covers, staring up at the ceiling. Already she regretted her decision slightly. What if she wrote him a letter now, just a quick one? What if by not getting any answer at all he got worried that something had happened to her, or that Sirius had found the letter first, or…or…? But she knew she could not go back on the decision now. She made decisions infrequently enough that when she made them she couldn't just flop about and change them on the first whim. They had to mean something. Harry had grown so much in just a matter of weeks that she could hardly believe that he'd only been born at the end of July. Lydia closed her eyes and smiled, thinking of how she was both pleased to have Harry as a part of her life and incredibly lacking in jealousy for Lily, who was still suffering from the delivery. Dumbledore had said she'd be up by the weekend and fully recovered, but Lydia could scarcely believe it possible with how weak her friend looked. And then she would have no rest even when she was technically well again. Lydia ran her hand along the soft sheets Sirius had put on the bed. She knew he was planning to seduce her when he got home from Godric's Hollow. He always put these sheets on the bed when he wanted her especially for some reason. She never asked what it was that got him this way. She both didn't want to acknowledge that she understood the correlation and didn't think she wanted to know the answer. No doubt, it was something to do with the war, as everything seemed to be anymore. She would rather not have to think it out. "Lydia?" Sirius was home, and she opened her eyes, looking up as his face was framed by the door. She smiled at him, seeing the loving look on his face. "Merlin, I look away and you get prettier," he muttered, taking a step closer as she sat up a bit. "Why did you change?" "My clothes didn't seem to be comfortable for napping in." "Did I wake you?" It was sweet how worried he got, but when she shook her head he relaxed and sat beside her, brushing a tendril of hair from her cheek. "So beautiful." It was silly that she was blushing, because she knew that he had said such things before. She knew that he had seen every inch of her. Blushing was silly, with Sirius, and yet still it happened sometimes, in moments like this one where he said things she could scarcely believe might be true. She was about to say something – she'd not even finished thinking of what – when his lips pressed to hers hungrily, and she forgot all about whatever it was she'd been planning to say. Their lips only touched briefly, however, because he moved very quickly to her neck, pressing hot, open-mouthed kisses along the tender column of skin. Letting him explore her skin came easier and easier all the time, and Lydia smiled to herself as his fingertips touched her thighs, tracing the hemline of her nightgown with a feather-light touch. He knew exactly where to touch her, knew exactly what it was that would turn her on every time, and she'd found recently that she didn't even have to think of Remus to climax at all. She was even having a hard time pulling him to mind sometimes. Now she didn't want to pull anyone to mind. This was forgetting sex, for her. Lydia licked her lips as he pulled the nightgown off over her head and stared at her eagerly for a moment. Then he pulled his own shirt off and traced his fingers down her body. She closed her eyes, letting him get undressed as she relished the feel of his skin coming into contact bit by bit with hers. "Yes," she whispered, feeling herself grow excited with every inch of contact. He knew the exact points to place pressure, the points to skim over with barely a glance of a touch, the points to literally sink his teeth into, just a little. By the time he finally entered her, she was writhing underneath him, almost ready to beg for release. They hissed as he slid inside, the sensitivity of their union causing chills to run through her. It was too much, too good, and not enough all at once. She sighed, finally feeling nothing but that gorgeous fullness of having him inside of her. "Please," she whimpered when this, too, became not enough. Sirius did not need to be asked twice, and he began to move in and out, moaning with every stroke. Lydia found herself unable to think, simply grabbing at Sirius's back, working for more friction. She could hear their pants and moans mingling in the air, and this seemed to spur her on, picking up the pace between them, taking some measure of initiative in their coupling. When she came, she screamed, feeling Sirius then explode inside her as she tightened around him. Her legs were still wrapped around his waist as he collapsed, his head on her breast. "You've never done that before," he muttered into her chest. Lydia frowned. "What did I do?" "Feel my back." She touched his back and found that she'd been clawing so hard that she'd drawn blood. Her stomach turned with nerves and a little bit of disgust. "I'm sorry," she managed to whisper through her mortification. Sirius lifted his head and frowned at her slightly. "Don't be, love," he said earnestly. "That was one of the most incredible things…." His eyes went a bit glassier as he trailed off, and his lips turned into a sort of smirk, and she realized he'd gotten some sort of pleasure out of her mangling his back. Men were even stranger than she'd thought. A horrible thought then crossed her mind that perhaps Remus would enjoy being pierced by her fingernails, but she shook it away. Remus did not want her. That was that. "At least let me Heal it for you," she said, touching one of the wounds and frowning. She didn't like the feel of his blood on her hands, knowing that it had been her fault, whatever he thought about the whole thing. It made her nervous. "Can you make it scar?" "Sirius, don't be absurd. C'mon, let me clean it and Heal it. You could get infected." "Please, Lydia," he whined. "I want scars left by your passion." Lydia tried to roll her eyes, but she just blushed. What was she supposed to say to that? She'd never heard anything so bizarre in her life. Finally, she collected herself. "Will you please just let me Heal it? I'm worried." This seemed to struck a chord, because he sighed, and nodded, sitting up and turning his back to her, letting her clean the wounds and then begin the lace the skin back up with a couple of simple spells. "Scarring?" he asked eagerly, turning his head slightly. "I'm afraid not," she said dully. Sirius sighed, turning around to look at her. She quickly siphoned his blood off her hands. It was making her uneasy. He cupped her face in his hands and she looked up at his smiling gray eyes. "I love you so much," he whispered, pressing his forehead to hers. "I know I tell you that all the time, but it never really seems like enough." For the first time, she felt like she ought to reply, like she really ought to tell him that she loved him, except that it wasn't true and the words caught in her throat, and thankfully he kissed her before she could work herself into a full blown panic over something so small. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my excellent fan, The Yoshinator, whose diligence for this story is inspiring to me as a writer. THANK YOU! :D -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to the lovely The Yoshinator, whose reviews keep me going. :D -C Remus was gone again, with no word to anyone except perhaps Dumbledore on where he'd disappeared to. Lydia was telling herself that she was handling it better this time than she had before, but she knew this was a lie. Sirius was making tea and she was sitting at the kitchen table, reading the latest journals on Arithmancy. Mostly, the whole field was being idiots of late, but she didn't trouble herself too much with it. She tried to be amused rather than outraged. "Anything good?" Sirius asked, setting down her cup in front of her and tapping it with his wand to cool it. "Unfortunately, no," she sighed, kissing him as he sat down. "You still don't know what Remus's mission is?" He tensed. She'd tried to sound nonchalant, but apparently she had failed. Either that, or Sirius was just too sensitive about things with Remus still to hold a reasonable conversation about him. "No," he said slowly. Oh, no, she knew what this was about. He still thought Remus was the spy. She sighed. "Sirius, Dumbledore's even said he's on a mission, hasn't he?" He nodded, but he would not look at her. He still somehow believed that Remus was off plotting against them all, and she could not believe it. She would not believe it. "We don't know what," he said softly. That was all he would say, and Lydia did not want to press him for more. She didn't want to know what he would come up with, what sort of awful things he would suspect Remus of. "Are you hungry?" she asked, feeling suddenly nervous, like she had to distract his attention to something else, anything else. "A little," he sighed, resting his head in his hands. Lydia got up and began preparing lunch. Things had been going well between them, but she seemed to have ruined it at least a little bit with this mention of Remus. She wished she'd not said anything, especially considering how he didn't know anything knew, but at the time she asked she couldn't have known that. She tried to comfort herself, but there was no comfort to be had. Sirius was upset. Sirius brought her tea over to her, where she was working on lunch, and she thanked him tersely. "Lydia, let's not be upset with each other," he sighed. "I don't want to be upset with you, and it hurts to think you might be upset with me." "I'm not," she said softly, taking the tea and taking a long drink of it. She'd hoped that admission would brighten his face, but it didn't. She would have to try harder, and she didn't have the energy for that. She set the cup down on the counter and returned to the sandwiches she was making. "Really, Sirius, I'm not upset with you. I sensed you were upset and I didn't want you to have to dwell on it." He smiled tightly, kissing her jaw. "Very kind of you." If she didn't think he would take it wrong, she would have rolled her eyes at this. Lydia knew she was many things, but kind wasn't a word she typically associated with herself. She thought kind involved a sort of active sense that she could not possess. There was no passivity in kindness. There could be no passivity in something that helped someone else. And Lydia was the most passive person she had ever known. "This one's yours," she said, handing him his sandwich and then picking up hers and her cup of tea before sitting down at the table again. Sirius was looking nervous again and Lydia thought that perhaps she'd been too short with him. She bit into her sandwich to buy herself some time, trying to think of ways to mend whatever was going on with them. "Lydia," he sighed, running his fingers nervously through his hair. "Lydia, we need to talk about things. I know you don't like to, but you're obviously worrying about Remus, and I'm obviously not able to help and I don't know what to do. We have to bridge this." Did they really? Lydia did not think that bridging was the way to go about things where she and Sirius were concerned. If he could see her thoughts, if he could meet her halfway, he would not like where they ended up. He would have to accept that she couldn't love him, accept that she would always love Remus, accept that she was still friends with Severus despite his being a Death Eater. She didn't think he could do that, and she didn't want to ask him to try. "Sirius," she said softly, "can you just enjoy your sandwich?" He looked pained by her nonchalance, and Lydia really struggled to find a way to reassure him and avoid the whole mess. Bridging was an idea that held no attraction for her. She didn't think it was even much of a possibility. After all, she and Sirius would never look at each other in the same way. They would never again look at Remus in the same way. They couldn't even really look at war in the same way. The things they had in common were physical, sharing a bed, sharing a place to stay, eating the same food, sharing moments of physical passion. But you couldn't bridge emotional gaps on physical sharing. And as Lydia knew, she had no emotion to meet him halfway with in the emotional bridge he was trying to build to her. The harder she had tried, the more physical it got, and the more he tried to keep it emotional, the more she retracted, both physically and emotionally. She couldn't seem to find a way to make things all right between them, where they could somehow have at least a somewhat reasonable bridge. There was no recipe for love, though. A knock on the door, and Lydia could feel something tighten in her. Now that Lily and James basically never left Godric's Hollow, but hosted others with them instead, knocks on the door were rarely good things. She sat, frozen, staring at the sandwich in front of her as there was another knock, more insistent, and Sirius got up, hurrying out to greet whoever it was. Lydia could hear voices, but she couldn't make out who it was, just that it wasn't Peter and she didn't think it was Remus. She was surprised when Albus Dumbledore followed Sirius back into the kitchen. He looked much the way he had when he showed up at Godric's Hollow that night to tell Lily and James that Sirius's street had been obliterated. Lydia felt sick, could feel the room beginning to spin around her. "What's happened?" she asked, wondering why her voice sounded so normal when her entire throat felt constricted and pained. "Everyone is fine," Dumbledore began, as if that was somehow supposed to make her feel better. "But there has been a raid." "Where?" Lydia demanded. She had never felt so afraid in her life. She had already lost so much, and she didn't feel like she had much more she could lose. "Kittlemore." Her stomach literally dropped and she nearly did sick up right there at the table. Sirius paled, gripping the edges of the kitchen table like they were keeping him alive. "How many dead?" he asked, clearing his throat, avoiding the obvious. Kittlemore was just one over from Godric's Hollow. Kittlemore was right next to Lily and James and Harry. "Thirteen." Lydia got to her feet, walking out of the kitchen, out of the house, standing on the sidewalk in the cool, almost-autumn air. She stared at the lines on the road. This was the sort of thing she feared, all the time. Lily and James and Harry were half her family, the other half being Sirius and Remus and Peter. Severus, he was something more than family, something different, but to lose all three of them at once would break her utterly. There would have been no choice, had that been the news. She would have had to have gone somewhere warmer, to have moved in with Severus, because how could she have looked Sirius in the eye knowing that the one piece of emotional glue holding them together was gone forever? The door opened and closed again and she felt Sirius's hands on her shoulders. "Lydia, they're fine." "For now." He sighed, wrapping his arms around her. "They're going to be fine. There are extra protections." Lydia said nothing, still staring at one white line in particular, wondering how long such a line took to fade. Not a lifetime, surely. She'd seen the Muggle road workers, every year or so, repainting such lines so that the never got too faded to be used. Perhaps that was the answer. Perhaps one merely had to reinvent themselves as they began to fade, and they would live forever, like Dumbledore. Perhaps when she could feel herself truly fading – and wasn't she close, every day? – she would find some new way to invent herself, some new place to live, some new person to not love, and that would be that, and she would keep on going, refreshed and new. Except Lydia knew she couldn't live that way. Lydia needed to have things, assurances, to know that she had something before she left something else. She needed to have somewhere she was going to before she could leave Sirius, and she had nowhere. Perhaps just following the white line, the little lines on the road, would bring her somewhere eventually, but that would not be enough. Lydia did not just want to go somewhere, she wanted to go home, but she didn't know where or what that was. "Lydia, come back inside," he said gently. "It's not safe out here." She wanted to retort that it wasn't safe anywhere, or that he was outside too, so why didn't he go in if it was so dangerous? But she felt too sick to say anything. As if on cue, she turned and looked at the cheap-looking flowers that had come with the house. And she leaned forward. And she vomited. Sirius held back her hair, saying soothing things as she vomited a few times into the flowers, cleaning it up with a wave of his wand when she'd finished and sat back onto her feet, letting him hold her and pet her. If Lydia was alone, she would not have someone in moments like this, to hold her and comfort her. She would not have the companionship and support of another human being caring for her. And she knew she needed that. "C'mon, love, you're not well," he whispered, kissing her temple. "Let's get you back inside." Weak as a kitten now that she'd vomited away all her strength, Lydia let him lead her back into the house, let him sit her down in the kitchen, let him fuss over her a little as Dumbledore finished talking with him about Kittlemore and things Lydia barely cared about now that she felt so awful, things that meant the deaths of thirteen people she had never met and now certainly never would. But it all felt like a buzzing in her ears. The whole war, now, felt like a buzzing in her ears that would not go away. If she squinted her eyes in the right way for long enough, Dumbledore disappeared, and so she did this until he was actually gone and then she let Sirius help her into bed. She wasn't actually ill. There was nothing physically wrong with her, and she was actually starting to get hungry, but Lydia played along, because the ill didn't need to face realities and were not expected to build emotional bridges. Such strenuous work was beyond her for the moment, if she was ill. And so she was. She had begun to doze, knowing that Sirius was off doing something – she hadn't caught what in all the buzzing – for the Order in regards to the Kittlemore incident. But of course, once Sirius left the house she was never left alone for long, and she could hear the tapping of an owl at the window. Groaning, Lydia pulled herself out of bed and went to see what Severus was all worked up about. Because it had to be Severus. Indeed, it was. Lydia, I know you must hate me for asking, but the details of the raid in question are being kept from me. I don't know what town was actually attacked, just that it was near Lily and I…I need to know if she is all right. Please, Lydia. Think what you must about me, but I do need to know that she's not…that…. Please. -HBP She had to read it three times before she could fully comprehend it. Lydia decided that she needed to eat something, as well, before she sat down to write a reply. Because she had to write something, because she knew in that horrible moment where she didn't know the answer to that question how terrible she felt. And Severus was more than family, something more important to her than Sirius or James or maybe even Lily and Remus. Lily wouldn't want him to suffer, Lydia told herself, feeding the owl a treat. Lily didn't have it in her to let anyone suffer. Lydia licked her lips and got out a bit of parchment and a quill, fumbling around the draw for an ink well before she realized they'd run out and she rushed to her study to get a fresh one to stick by the bedside. Then she began to scribble a quick, polite reply. Sev, All is well. All are fine. I could never hate you. -Lydia She read this, too, over three times to be certain that he would understand it, and that there was nothing that Lily could take exception to. Then she tied it to the little owl and sent it back to Severus, curling up in bed again and rereading his begging letter. The war was not good to Severus, either. He'd said "please" too many times since they got out of school. Or was it her that wasn't being kind, not the war? After all, if Severus could even suspect that something he did might make her hate him, their relationship was not as obviously strong as she thought it was. If he could doubt… But then, she didn't reply to that last letter. This must have been what caused the doubt. But what could she have done? She couldn't have very well replied, betrayed Lily's trust, told the Death Eaters… Told them what, exactly? Something the spy had already said? She could be vague. Severus certainly was, and even when he couldn't give her the answers she wanted, if Lydia wrote he always answered. She was beginning to feel nauseous again, so she burned the letter and quickly did away with it, hurtling herself into the kitchen, carefully pouring some water and wondering if she felt strong and coherent enough to make herself tea. Lydia decided it was better not to risk it. Sirius would probably be upset to find her out of bed, much less risking burning herself, the state she was in. Bleary-eyed, Lydia began sipping the water, wishing there were some way to find an end to it all, a way to preserve the little bit she had left. She'd gotten halfway through her water before she heard the buzz of Sirius's motorbike, growing into a roar, and then shutting off abruptly. She heard the footsteps, the front door opening and shutting, and then she turned back to her cup, waiting. But instead of coming into the kitchen, she heard him call, panicked, "Lydia?" "Kitchen," she moaned. He rushed into the room, eyes wide with fear, face a bit flushed. "You weren't in bed," he said weakly. "You weren't in bed, and I…I…" "M'fine," she muttered. "Can you make me some tea?" Sirius seemed to relieved that she wasn't actually dead that he did not even question if this was a good thing for her stomach, simply making the tea as quickly as possible. "Kittlemore was a mess, but we managed to sort most of it out," he said softly, setting the tea in front of her, and she pushed the mostly-gone glass of water aside. His voice was strange, like he wasn't feeling quite himself. Lydia began to sip the tea, feeling his arms wrap around her. Sirius was brave. He was almost the epitome of Gryffindor bravery, chivalry, recklessness, and stupidity. But Sirius seemed to be a little less brave where Lydia was concerned. Was she making him weak? Lydia closed her eyes and felt the splash of tea against her lips as she tipped the cup back just a bit more. Sirius was burying his face in her hair. Perhaps she was making him weak, but there wasn't much she could do about that at the moment. Remus was right, as much as she wished she could say otherwise. Sirius needed her, and in some twisted, nonspecific way she needed him, too. Even if it wasn't good for them, there were more important things to focus on in the war. "Sirius," Lydia muttered, feeling his arms tightening a bit, "thank you for the tea." He froze around her, his mind probably calculating this statement, reading all sorts of things into it, and she knew that in the morning he would have decided it was a sign of something she'd never felt and would likely never say, but it was the closest she could get in that moment to saying what she was feeling, so it would have to do. "You're welcome, love," he sighed, relaxing around her once more, and Lydia turned her attention back to her tea, which made no judgments about intentions.
"Sirius, you're not being honest with me." "I'm doing the best I can, Lydia. It's not my fault there are things I can't tell you!" "You say that about things I know perfectly well you're able to tell me," Lydia said, frowning. "Just tell me what's going on with the war, generally, Sirius. You don't have to give me details and specifics and all the things you're not allowed to say. I would never ask you to do that and you know it." Sirius picked at a spot on the counter where some invisible insult had caught his attention. Lydia licked her lips, waiting. It wasn't that they were fighting, exactly, but there was a growing strain between them about things to do with the war. The spy still hadn't been caught, and the longer the spy went on evading detection, the longer Sirius and Lydia would fight without speaking about Remus's status as trustworthy or untrustworthy. She still could not believe he was capable of betraying them, of betraying her. After all, he'd said he loved her. It would be like Sirius betraying her, and whatever she felt for him, she knew that there was no way on earth he would ever do anything that might hurt her if he could help it. "Things are more or less how they've been, Lydia. People working for Voldemort are trying to kill people and the Order trying to stop them." "And you're outnumbered," she said softly, not as a judgment. It was a statement of fact, a statement that she hoped would make her feel a little less nauseous when she finally said it out loud. It was no good. And the way Sirius jerked his head up and looked at her, the way his eyes darkened at her words…. She shouldn't have said it after all. "Yes," he finally said, after a silence that had seemed hours. "Yes, we're outnumbered. It's a bit hard to not be, when the other side is willing to use Imperius Curses and Inferi to boost their numbers." Lydia shivered. Nothing had made her hate Defense Against the Dark Arts more than learning that you could actually animate corpses and use them for your bidding. She shifted a little in her chair before looking up at Sirius again, to see him instantly looking like he regretted saying as much as he had said. She wished he wouldn't regret it. Sometimes, they needed to say things. "Sirius," she said softly, "I know you don't like to talk about these things with me-" "It's not that," he said, sighing, sitting down beside her. He scooped her hands up into his, and she noticed how they dwarfed her own hands. His hands were shaped like Lily's, loping and graceful, and hers looked stubby by comparison. She looked at their hands as he explained. "I don't like talking about it with anyone. Even James, anymore. When we were young and it was an adventure, that was one thing. Sometimes, when I feel really young again, I will talk, but it doesn't happen very often." He wasn't supposed to talk like this. He was only twenty. He shouldn't be talking like this. "Sirius," she said, moving a bit closer to him. "You are young. No, listen. You're young, and it's not fair that you should have to feel otherwise. You've grown up too fast." "So have you," he said sadly, touching her face with his fingertips. "I saw it in school, but the burden looks even heavier on you now. And you're not even fighting. Maybe it's not fair, but it's not because I'm in the Order, Lydia. This is what war does to people." Lydia turned away from him, looking down at her knees, calming herself. That was just the problem. This was exactly what war did to people, and there was nothing she could do about that. She could not help Sirius. She could not help herself. She just had to watch as the war went on, because it would go on forever. "What are you going to do if you lose the war?" Sirius snorted. "Lydia, don't ask stupid questions." She looked up at him, eyes wide, but she didn't feel outraged. She wanted him to understand. "It's not a stupid question, Sirius. What would you do?" He looked down at the table, touching her thigh with a trembling hand. "No, it's not a good question. Because I'll be dead if we lose. Either I'll be killed along the way, or I'll be offered the choice of serving or dying, and I could never serve Voldemort, Lydia. I would be dead." For some reason, she felt everything inside her twist with anger and horror and shame. What would become of her, then, if You-Know-Who won and Sirius was dead? Would she have the courage and conviction to join him – and presumably her other friends – in death? Would she have the strength to declare herself for You-Know-Who to save her own skin? Would she be important enough to even be forced to make the decision? Lydia knew what everyone would want for her. They would want, if she made the choice, for her to join them in death, Lily and James and Sirius and Remus and Peter. They would expect that she would join them and Mary and Artemis as martyrs. Severus would expect her to bow before his Dark Lord and join him in service of You-Know-Who. But if she did that, what would she be asked to do? The war would be over, but that didn't mean that the worst would be over. When the winner didn't have scruples, it was likely that the worst would be just beginning. "M'tired," Sirius muttered, stretching and getting up. "Do you want to go to bed?" Lydia nodded, following him into the bedroom. She wasn't the least bit tired, actually. All of this thinking had her mind working too quickly to be tired. Still, she crawled into bed beside him. Sirius only stayed awake for a few minutes after resting his head against her shoulder, his arm draping casually over her waist. Sleep would not come to Lydia so easily, though, and she stared at the ceiling, watching the strange way the light reflected against the white-painted surface. Was it a full moon tonight? There was a time when she could have answered that question without hesitation, but the further she got from any hope of being with Remus the less she found herself able to keep track of such things. If it wasn't full, it was remarkably close on either end. She started to wonder where Remus was, but even that could not distract her thoughts from the very sincere likelihood that she would have to face a very difficult question of morals. After all, the easy thing would be if You-Know-Who lost, but she knew that could not happen without some miraculous intervention. She closed her eyes, licking her lips, trying to fight back the fear. Lydia hated making choices, but even more than that she hated making choices she hated making ones that had no way to win. Lydia did not want to die. But she did not want to be complicit in worse things, or even responsible for them somehow. Severus had said how You-Know-Who was interested in her work, in her mind. Lydia understood better than anyone else she knew what sorts of terrible things well-applied Arithmancy could unleash. She had never delved into such things because they were unethical and frightening, but if she were to save her life and bow…. Her eyes opened and she glanced down at Sirius, sleeping peacefully against her, his breath tickling her shoulder. He didn't seem to have any idea of just how much she struggled when he wasn't around, when he wasn't awake, when he couldn't see her fear. If he could see all of her fear, he would probably never leave her alone. And Lydia did not want to be the reason he went into hiding, if he ever made such a difficult choice. She would not be so weak that he felt he needed to be with her every moment to ensure she felt safe. But Lydia had a feeling that if she cried when she asked, if she confessed all her fears, and she asked him to run away with her to wherever, he would start packing on the spot. Her eyes began to water and Lydia stared determinedly at the ceiling, having heard somewhere that people were less emotional when they were looking up. Perhaps that meant more when their eyes were looking up, but doing that when lying down gave her a headache, so she just let the tears roll off the sides of her face and into hair as she watched the moonlight on the ceiling. The room looked more stifling and strange in the dark, the shadows looming on the walls and all the shapes looking like things she knew they couldn't be. Her father had told her that there was no point in being afraid of the dark. She'd been six or seven years old, and he was apparently sick of being woken up by his frightened daughter. As it happened, there had been a boggart in her wardrobe, but they didn't investigate that until her mother went to put away her clothes and screamed. Her father got rid of it, but he did not apologize to Lydia for discounting her fears. Her father was not the sort of man to apologize, and especially not to his child. Ever since then, she'd been a little bit afraid of the dark, but had never told anyone but Severus. He knew all about her nightmares, the phantoms that haunted her walls, and he'd never once judged her. Severus knew that Lydia understood that her clothing and furniture did not turn into grotesque monsters while in shadow, but he also understood that the mind interprets darkness in strange and horrific ways for some people, and Lydia was one of those people. Especially after her parents dying, she did not sleep with the lights off at home except when Severus had been with her that night. Being with Sirius in the dark was a relief. She was usually able to calm herself with a body beside her, breathing in and out and radiating warmth and reminding her that if she went into a panic about things she knew were simply benign things in the right light she might wake him, and she didn't want Sirius to know about her strange issues with darkness. What if he made her sleep with the lights on? What if he didn't understand? And with the war, everything was so much worse than when she had been a child. Every tiny sound in the house could be Bellatrix. Every sinister shadow could be something that got in while she was off doing laundry. Something or someone. After all, what about the spy? Depending on who it was, the spy might know how to get into the house without her letting them in, and could share that knowledge and there really could be something lurking in the shadows. But Lydia knew she was being silly. Still, knowing didn't keep the tears from filling her eyes, blurring the light on the ceiling until it went fuzzy and soft. Somehow, this was more terrifying than when it was simply moonlight on the ceiling. Her eyes flickered closed and she kept them closed tight, feeling the tears squeeze between the lids and roll down the sides of her face into her hair as their predecessors had done. If she controlled her breathing just right, she would not wake Sirius. That was the goal, after all, not waking Sirius. And she felt sleep creep up on her in spite of the fear still filling her breast as she drifted. The tearstains on her face were drying in the cool air of the room, and she fell asleep. In the morning, Lydia felt strangely cold, waking up and sitting up, frowning. She could hear sounds in the kitchen and she realized Sirius must have woken up early. She turned to get out of bed and the clock informed her that she, in fact, had slept late. Why hadn't Sirius woken her? Something was wrong, she realized, picking up her wand and pulling on her dressing gown, inching out into the kitchen. Sirius was sitting in a chair, staring blankly at the morning paper. A letter was sitting next to it on the table, a bit crumpled. She moved forward, sitting down beside Sirius, watching his face carefully. "Sirius, what's wrong?" Her voice was gentle and calm, like people used with small children who were upset. He did not look up at her, but merely set down the paper so she could get a better look at it. There was a large picture on the front page, the first front page obituary she'd seen in her life. James's father was dead, died in the early hours of the morning. She felt her chest tightening, looking up at Sirius again, not wanting to look at the kind face of Mr. Potter while she asked her question. "What happened?" "Age," he croaked. "It wasn't…. It was just old age. He'd been getting weak for a while. At least he got to see his grandson before…" There were tears shining in Sirius's eyes and Lydia understood how he must be feeling. The Potters were like family to Sirius, more important to him than his own family. This was like losing his father, and more importantly losing a father he loved. Lydia hadn't loved her father, not by the time he died, but that had been painful enough. To truly love someone who was basically a father and have them die, even when it was their time, had to be excruciating. "At least he had time to settle his affairs," Lydia said, barely believing her own voice. "He was a very old man, Sirius, even for a wizard." "I know," Sirius said, and she could hear the tightness in his throat. Lydia rested her hand on his shoulder, watching the first tear escape his lashes, running down his cheek. She was meant to comfort him, she knew, but what could she do? There was nothing that she could say to make him feel better. Perhaps there was something she was supposed to do, though. She curled up on his lap, resting her head on his chest like she'd seen Lily do with James once, when he was upset about something that happened with the Order. Lydia could almost picture Lily doing it at that very moment, in Godric's Hollow, comforting her distraught husband. Sirius's arms wrapped around Lydia instantly, and he began to cry gripping her tightly. She wanted to squirm out of his hold, suddenly feeling vastly uncomfortable, but she knew she had no choice. She had to stay, because it was all she could do to be of use to him. When he had finally calmed, Lydia sat up a bit, looking at his tear-stained cheeks. She just watched his face for a moment before she said, "When is the funeral?" There wasn't a question on whether they would go. It would have taken more than a war to keep Sirius from Mr. Potter's funeral, more than Albus Dumbledore himself. "Saturday." His voice was strange, hollow and tight, as if she could hear his throat as it closed slowly around the words. His eyes looked dull and listless, and she felt a strange urge to leave the room. She was about to crawl off his lap when he began to kiss her neck and shift his arms to hold her more closely once more. "I love you," he choked out. "I don't know if I could do this without you." Lydia closed her eyes, feeling very put on the spot, sure that he would be coping without her. After all…. But she couldn't have coped with any of her losses without something, either Sirius or Severus. It wasn't fair of her to not give him the support he needed when he had been there for her when Mary died. She owed him something. That was how it worked. Perhaps this was the something. Lydia felt like she was walking on eggshells the entire day, wondering what would be next, what little thing would put her more on edge. Mr. Potter was dead. It was a fact. It was indelible. It was how things were. But still, she wondered if perhaps there wasn't some way she could get out of this whole mess she really didn't want to be a part of. After all, she barely knew the man. But then she would look at Sirius, Sirius looking more dejected and lonely than she had ever seen him, and she knew that there would be no getting out of being pulled in. Why she couldn't just walk away, turn away as she'd done with Severus's mother she couldn't be sure, but perhaps it had something to do with the fact that she was sharing a bed with Sirius. Lydia had known that it would be complicated in some ways, moving in with Sirius, but she'd not even realized until now just how complicated it could actually be. She paced her study for a while, trying to think of what she would do, what she would say when she crawled into bed with him in a few minutes. He would want to have sex, and she wasn't sure that would be a good way for him to grieve. Was that an appropriate way to grieve? She wanted to ask Lily, but she also didn't want to intrude on James's grieving, and Lily's support of him. Finally, when Lydia could avoid it no more, she took a deep breath, summoned all her courage, and made her way to bed.
It had been a hard couple of weeks, and Mr. Potter's death had only been the beginning. "They say these things happen, you know," Lydia said gently. "Broken heart. But she knew her grandson, and she lived a full, happy life." Sirius was not listening. He was staring at a cold cup of tea, tears streaming down his face. Lydia sighed, turning to make lunch. He'd been hardly responsive all morning, since he got the news that Mrs. Potter died in her sleep, following her husband just after they'd put in the headstone. It would have to be re-engraved to include her dates. But Sirius was not thinking of these things, these practical details. He was too caught up in thinking about his own pain. It was probably a good thing that he wasn't the actual Potter child, and that James was, because even though James was likely behaving the same way, Lily would be able to push him to do what needed to be done. Lydia was incapable of pushing Sirius for things like this, for things with so little bearing on her own life and happiness. "Sirius," she said gently, setting a sandwich in front of him. "You need to eat something." He looked up at her listlessly. "Lydia," he croaked, "I don't think I can do this." "Do what?" He just shook his head, staring at his sandwich for half an hour before finally eating about half of it and going off to bed, not moving at all until Lydia climbed in beside him. He then shifted, curling up against her, pressing his face to her breast, and she wrapped her arms around him. What else could she do? Two days later, she helped him get ready for the second funeral in too short a time. He stared at himself in the mirror as she shaved his face. "There," she said, rising his face carefully. "Perfect." She kissed his clean-shaven cheek and he looked at her, startled. He smiled weakly, a smile that did not reach his eyes, a haunting of his former brilliant grin. Lydia felt sick, looking up at his face when it looked like that. It wasn't natural. It wasn't right. "I love you," he said softly. This would be as good a time as any to say it back, and better than most, but Lydia's throat closed at even the thought of saying those words to him, especially when he was looking at her like that. She could not bring herself to lie to him, though, and even when she knew the lie would help him heal, it felt wrong, disgusting, for her to do it. "Let's get your tie on, then," she said softly, focusing more intently on the tie than was absolutely necessary. He said nothing else, and she worried he was upset with her for not answering back when he obviously needed her to, but when he raised her black veil to kiss her before they went to get their coats, she felt no anger in his touch or kiss. She saw no anger in his eyes. Perhaps he was too grieved to feel the acuteness of her spurning his love, in her own small way. They arrived at the funeral and Lydia sat next to Sirius, who took a seat beside James. She would have liked to have been with Lily, but there was no way she could leave Sirius's side at this moment, and he needed to sit next to James. There were fewer people in attendance than had been at Mr. Potter's funeral, and Lydia felt keenly that the Ministry people who had flocked to that first one did not care as much about his wife. This was what it was, Lydia realized, to be a pureblood wife. Society and government and everyone attended the husband's funeral, cared about the husband, but only society would really care about the wife if the husband went first. She felt Sirius's hand in hers and she was glad she had put a stop to his growing plans for marriage. She couldn't image what it would be like, being Sirius's widow. At least the people who loved her now would still love her without her marrying anyone. The service was a solemn thing, with nearly everyone present crying tears of varying levels of sincerity. Lydia tried to cry, but it wouldn't happen. She found this frustrating, but she tried not to let it bother her too much. Sirius was crying more than enough for the both of them. Lydia spotted Sirius's mother among the society matrons present and then turned her eyes back toward the front quickly. Lydia's mouth went a bit dry, and if Sirius had been more present of mind he would have asked her what was wrong because her whole body went tense. In Walburga Black's eyes, Lydia had seen the purest hatred she had ever seen in her life, even more than the looks Severus and Sirius had exchanged in school. It made her stomach turn, and she found it difficult to focus on the rest of the service, even when James got up and said beautiful things about what a terrible sadness the loss of his mother so soon after his father filled him with. Lily was sobbing softly into the handkerchief she was holding under her veil. Lydia thought that Lily was getting too used to the conventions of societal funerals. So was Lydia, come to that. The four of them left last, and Lydia looked down at the casket, standing at Sirius's side. She hoped against hope that she didn't have another funeral like this one any time soon. "Let's go home," she muttered as Sirius's tears began to dry on his cheeks. His eyes were looking clearer, less red. "Let's go home and have something to eat." She did not mention the look his mother had given her. He had enough to think on, and she'd rather not think of it ever again. In a way, Lydia got her wish about funerals. The next one was not a week later, but it was of an entirely different sort. Mr. and Mrs. Evans, the people who had been so kind to her for years, had died in a car crash. "At least it wasn't related to the war," Lydia had said hollowly when Sirius told her the news, determined that it would not affect her. After all, they weren't her parents. But she had broken down in Sirius's arms not a moment later nonetheless, feeling the horrible pain in her chest she'd felt at Artemis's death. The funeral was of a very different sort, with mostly Muggles in attendance. Lydia was shifting in her black dress, feeling a bit uncomfortable to be wearing something other than dress robes to a funeral. Lily didn't notice that Sirius and James were equally uncomfortable. Lily's discomfort was obviously from a very different source. Remus was watching Harry, as he'd been during the other recent funerals, but that didn't mean she didn't have family in the room. Her awful sister, Petunia, was there with her awful husband, Vernon, and they'd even brought their awful son, Dudley. Who would name a child Dudley, anyway? "She thinks it's my fault," Lily explained as they walked back to where the bodies would be lowered into the tomb. "She told me before you arrived that she blames my being a freak for their deaths." "That's ridiculous," Lydia said, rolling her eyes. "If anyone's a freak in your family, it's her. Have you seen how she piled those absurd pearls on her absurd neck? And have you ever seen so many pearls at a funeral? Tasteless." It was meant to make her friend feel better, but Lydia saw that Lily's tears renewed and she sighed. Severus had tried to point out to Lily when they were younger how ridiculous Petunia was. It was sheer jealousy that had driven the girl to be so terrible to Lily, and Lily had done nothing wrong but be her usual, wonderful self. Lydia could understand how frustrating that was to be around all the time, but she would never treat Lily ill for it. To lose a friend like Lily was probably the stupidest thing a person could do, and even more stupid considering they were sisters and had been best friends for as long as either could recall. Watching the caskets being lowered into the ground, Lydia could feel Sirius's hand squeeze hers gently. Just as she had barely known the Potters, Sirius had barely known the Evans's, but he understood that they were important to her. Perhaps he understood it better than Lydia did herself. She swallowed as the dirt was piled on top of the caskets, watching, wondering what the epitaphs Lily had chosen for her parents would be. That was perhaps another way Petunia was jealous: Lily had been named the executor for her parents' estate. Not that it made much of a difference. They were selling the house and splitting the assets and that was that. There was nothing especially complicated about it. Lydia rubbed her thumb along Sirius's cold hand and wondered what it would have been like to have a funeral for her parents. She still did not know what Severus did with the bodies – she didn't want to know – but she imagined that it was nothing like a burial like this. There were no words to see them off into whatever comes next. There were no mourners crying. If he was merciful, Severus wouldn't have disposed of them in the same place. Perhaps he incinerated them. That would have been a horrific insult to her father's memory, as a wizard. Somehow, though, it seemed fitting. "Do you want a few more minutes?" Sirius asked as others filed away, leaving Lily to sob at the graveside under the sneering nose of her atrocious sister. Lydia should not leave her friend, she told herself, but on the other hand, standing in that graveyard was painful to her. Somehow, it was making her physically ill. "No," she whispered, and she followed him away from the church, holding his hand tightly as they paused in an alley and Sirius Disapparated. Lydia felt herself clutching at Sirius as they landed outside his house, realizing that out of the corner of her eye as they'd left, she thought she had seen Severus. Had he attended the funeral to pay his respects to the Evans's? It both seemed like him and seemed nothing like him at all. She frowned, letting Sirius lead her back into the house. "You get some rest," he said gently. "I'll make dinner." "No," Lydia said, shaking her head. She didn't want Sirius ruining her food. "No, I'll do dinner." "Relax, love," Sirius said, kissing her cheek. "I'll make soup. Something basic. I promise not to burn it." She could not bring herself to put him out with his kindness when she knew it meant so much for him to take care of her, even if she was more or less unwilling. So she nodded, letting him kiss her, feeling that familiar rush of his lips meeting hers, that familiar feeling of her body getting excited at the sensation, and then she watched him go into the kitchen before she wen tot the bedroom, pulled off her clothes, and crawled into bed quickly. Sirius came in a few minutes later and put a bowl of soup beside her on her nightstand. "You look pale, love," he whispered, sitting down beside her and touching his hand to her forehead. "Are you all right?" "It's cold," she said dully. "The room is cold." Sirius nodded and waved his wand, and Lydia could feel the room warming just a little. But it was not enough. There was something stifling about the way that room felt, and even when Sirius left her alone to rest, she did not, could not touch her soup. Everything felt wrong, and the feeling did not go away. Later that week, Lydia found Sirius staring at nothing in the kitchen and she sat down on his lap to jolt him from his reverie. "What's wrong?" she asked as his hands wrapped around her waist. "Nothing, love," he lied. Even he must have heard the lie in his voice, because he winced, looking away from her. "Why won't you tell me? Because you can't or because you won't?" He hesitated, chewing on his lip. "I can't give you particulars," he said slowly. "I don't imagine you'd want them, anyway. But…things aren't going well, in the war." Lydia sat patiently, watching him, her mind flashing back to her calculations about the war. If there was ever a time to tell him, now was it, staring her in the face. The war would not be won. It could not be won, if it ever ended anyway. It would be an eternal stalemate, or a loss for Sirius, and then he would die. Perhaps this would make him see that they should run, perhaps if she framed it right, said just the right thing, he would agree to run away somewhere with her. But she knew what she would have to say to pull him away. It would work without a doubt, but Lydia could not lie to Sirius, not even to save them. "Are you in danger?" she asked slowly. Perhaps there was some way she could convince him without saying those words. "Not any more than I was, I don't think," he said, running his fingers through her hair. The deliberate way she spoke was the only way she knew he wasn't lying. Sirius could lie with ease, even to her she was certain. He was trying to find the right way to say the truth without telling her too much. "Am I in danger?" His face actually paled before her eyes and Lydia got the sense that she'd brought up something he'd not thought of before. Perhaps this was the way to push him forward. Perhaps this was the way to get him to run with her. "Sirius," she said, touching her fingertips to his collarbone gently, "would you send me away if I were in danger? Into hiding or abroad or something?" His eyes were wide and horrified as if he was realizing that his dependency on her could put her in more danger than he had anticipated. Remus was right about him needing her, but if his weakness put her in danger…. "I don't…. I suppose I might have to," he said softly. "Hiding at the very least." "But…you would come with me?" Lydia asked, surprised at how small her voice sounded. It was suitable, but not affected. She was more afraid than she'd realized of being alone. "You wouldn't send me away by myself." Sirius was clearly in a very intense internal struggle. His eyes were filling with tears and Lydia inwardly balked at causing him pain. But if she didn't push now, she didn't know when he might be this vulnerable again, or if another time would be too late. "Sirius, I can't be alone," she said, the fear in her voice palpable. "I can't…. I've been alone before, and I…." "Shh," he said, a tear running down his cheek as he pulled her tight against him. "If it comes to that, I will go with you. I…. Well, if it comes to that I don't think one of us more or less would make the difference. I would go with you." He would go with her. She felt a mild feeling of relief at this admission, that they would at least be together even if they lost everything else. But then Lydia realized what that would mean, what it would mean for her and Sirius to run away. Everything they knew would be doomed. Sirius would be a broken man, labeling the war a lost cause, perhaps losing Lily and James and Harry and Remus and Peter and…and… Lydia would not want to stay if she lost all those people, but she could only barely fathom it. The fact that Sirius was standing there, calling it a possibility meant that it was something she should be fathoming. Lydia glanced at the paper Sirius had left on the kitchen counter and saw an article about a wizarding orphanage that had been burned to the ground, but the Death Eaters put up careful wards to keep the residents inside the building as it burned. The Order, the Ministry, did not arrive in time. Fifty children and four adults burned to a crisp. She could feel her hands shaking and felt an urge to vomit. The picture was simply of the Dark Mark that must have been put over the building. This was what worried him. These were the things he was seeing, the place he had gone the night before and come back from sweaty, covered in soot, tears streaming down his face as he kissed her hands and told her it was nothing. Nothing took on a different meaning these days, it seemed. Lydia excused herself to the toilet and just stared in the mirror. She was looking older already, too old to be herself. For a split second she had an impression that there was something wrong with the mirror, but she knew it was her. She knew that this was her, and that she was no longer herself, in a way, if she had ever really known who she was. In a normal life, the sort of life generations before had, Lydia would have married someone, would have probably had a child, would have become a professor or published a book. Instead, she was living with a man she didn't love and working on things she was too afraid to publish because what if You-Know-Who came looking for her because of something she'd invented or applied or tweaked? She closed her eyes, gripped the edges of the sink, and thought of somewhere warmer before she began to vomit. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, Nevermorea. I hope you enjoy it as we continue to explore Lydia's story. Can't believe we've passed the 50 chapter mark already! -C
Lydia couldn't help but thinking that there was something wrong with the tree, in spite of Lily's constant declarations that it was the most charming Christmas tree she had ever laid eyes on. Because their home was full of baby toys that would delight Harry but would merely get underfoot of drinking adults, Sirius had suggested that he and Lydia host Christmas this year, and Remus had been unable to attend. Perhaps that was what was wrong. There weren't enough presents underneath the tree. Lydia and Sirius had exchanged gifts earlier in the day, as had Lily and James, but outside of people living together, they had agreed to save those gifts for the party, including all the things they had each gotten for Harry. "May I?" Peter asked, holding out the wine. "No, thank you," Lydia said, covering her glass. She'd had to finish her champagne, and she really wasn't in the mood for wine. She could really only handle one drink she didn't like per occasion anymore. Sirius was too busy playing with Harry to notice, so she didn't feel like she was going to irritate him. She went into the kitchen to perfect the eggnog. "Lydia?" James said, following her into the kitchen. "Are you all right? You look pale." "M'fine," she lied, stirring the eggnog. "Here, test this." He gave her an annoyed look, but he tested the beverage. "Too much milk, so Sirius will love it. Now, what's wrong?" "I just told you, I'm fine." "Lydia, I've known you for nearly a decade. I've rarely seen you this upset." Was that true? Well, she knew the nearly a decade bit was true, strange as it seemed, but about her being upset? She told herself she was fine, but was she lying to herself? She sighed. "I guess something just feels off this year," she admitted. "I don't really know how to say it any better than that. Just…something's not quite right, you know?" James nodded, touching her hand gently. "Is it because Remus isn't here?" She pulled her hand away. "Lydia, contrary to what you might think, Sirius and I don't tell each other everything. If you're still in love with Remus and need to talk about it, I won't say anything." "I shouldn't be." "That doesn't mean you're not." Lydia glanced up at James's earnest hazel eyes and wondered when exactly he'd become so sensitive and understanding. "I don't think I am," she said slowly, putting biscuits on a tray. "I mean, I think I'm not and then he comes around again and I am, and then he pushes me away and leaves and I think I've got it under control again and…." "Have you tried telling Sirius this?" She blinked, snorting. Perhaps he wasn't as sensitive as she'd thought. "You must be joking." "No, hear me out," James said, helping her arrange the biscuits. "Sirius really loves you, and if he knew this was something you were struggling with, he would be understanding. Jealous, yeah, but I think he's jealous even if Peter talks with you a little longer than normal." Lydia shrugged, carrying the tray of biscuits out to the kitchen, unsurprised when James followed her with the jug of eggnog in hand. Perhaps he was right, and perhaps it would be a good idea to speak with Sirius about her linger affections for Remus. If he didn't feel like she was hiding things from him, maybe he would manage his emotions better. But this was not the time and place, and Sirius seemed so happy with baby Harry on his lap. She sat beside him and took Harry from his arms so he could eat. "Hello," she said to the cooing baby boy. "Merlin, Lily, he gets heavier every time I hold him." "I know what you mean," Lily said with a laugh, picking up a biscuit. "I would love to be able to say that I feel like I'm getting stronger, but I only feel more pathetic every time I try to lift my son." "Don't feel too bad," James said with a laugh. His face was carefree, as if he and Lydia hadn't had their conversation in the kitchen after all. "I feel the same way, most days." Lydia did not have even the faintest envy for Lily's being a mother anymore. She'd seen the stress and joy and she decided that for her the stress far outweighed the joy. Lydia was much happier to help Sirius spoil the child and be done with it. She had no obligations to do anything unpleasant, and as a result the chubby little baby thought her delightful. He had no negative associations with her, and a host of positive ones. With any luck, she would be his favorite adult. Except that Sirius would probably beat her out. Sirius could spoil people with the best of them. "Happy Christmas, everyone," Sirius said, pouring eggnog for them all. "Here, Peter. I would like to propose a toast, if you all don't mind." Balancing Harry on one arm, Lydia took her glass of eggnog wishing there would be no toast. She hated having to balance things. "A toast, then," Sirius said when everyone was ready. "To friendship, to love, and to the winning of this war. May it end swiftly." The words sounded hollow, even as the others repeated the last sentiment before taking their drinks. As Lydia drank her eggnog and held a squirming Harry, she tried not to think about the emptiness, about the fact that they'd just toasted friendship while Remus was gone, and about the fact that Sirius had likely done it fairly purposefully. He still thought Remus was the spy, and Lydia knew in that moment that if she were to say something to Sirius about still being in love with Remus, even a little bit, that whole argument would hash itself out all over again. And Lydia, whatever she was prepared to accept for herself, was not prepared to believe such things about Remus. Two days later, Sirius came back exceptionally late from an Order meeting, and Lydia felt a wash of relief at the sound of his approaching motorbike. She was just about to call out from her office and ask what took him so long when she heard James calling her name and she jumped to attention, rushing out to the foyer to find Sirius bleeding heavily and writhing in pain while James held him. "What happened?" she demanded. "There was an attack on St. Mungo's again," James said darkly. "He was hit with one of those corrosive potions and the spell Lily got before." Severus's work, both, and Lydia had a feeling that this time, Severus knew exactly what he was doing, hitting Sirius. She ordered James to get everything for burns and wounds in their potion collection, and she sat down beside Sirius, who was gasping in pain. "Relax, Sirius," she said, although she had a strong sense that he was going to die. From what she knew of this potion Severus had invented, there wasn't much she could do. He would lose his arm, at the very least. "I have to stop the bleeding. I don't have time to see to scarring before I turn to the burns, okay?" "Lydia, I love you," he whimpered. He thought he was saying goodbye, and so did Lydia, but if he gave up the will to live, there was absolutely nothing she could do for him anymore. "Hold still," she warned him, and he did his best in spite of the corrosive materials eating through the layers of his skin. Lydia performed the countercurse to Sectumsempra, telling James to do what he could with that wound while she looked at the corrosion. "It's all over his sleeve," she muttered. With a sigh, Lydia vanished his shirt, glad that it wasn't one he'd been particularly fond of, and began to clean the wound with a few spurts of pure water. Sirius howled in pain, but James held him down after applying a bit of dittany – although Lydia was sure it wouldn't be enough to keep away the scarring – to the wound from the curse. "Steady, Sirius," James said firmly. "I know it hurts, but let her do what she has to do." James glanced up at Lydia with an expression of pleading. He somehow thought she would have the skill to save Sirius from something she had no idea how to approach. "Damn," she muttered, and James jumped. "What's wrong?" he demanded. "Well, I've already gotten rid of all the potion," she said, rubbing her forehead with the heel of her hand. "I could have made an antidote." "It's not a poison." "Yes, but a sort of antidote, you know, something to counteract it specifically. Damn it!" Severus would have known that Lydia was capable of that, but he also would have bet on her inability to think of it in a panic. And she had no doubt that Severus had done this. Lydia wiped her eyes as James said calming things, uncorking a few potions and handing them to her. She worked instinctively, unable to think clearly as she began pouring bits of every potion she could think of into the corroded spot. Sirius would scream and squirm and James did his best to hold him down and calm him. By the time she had used everything she could think of, Lydia could barely see for the tears blurring her vision. It was one thing for Sirius to die in battle. It was another thing entirely for Sirius to die because she couldn't save him. James and Lydia carried Sirius into the bedroom and tried to make him comfortable, but it was clear that he was in a lot of pain. "I'll get him something for that," Lydia muttered, leaving them alone because she couldn't be alone with Sirius while he was like this. She might say things she didn't mean because it was her last chance to say them, and she didn't want to regret lying to him once he was dead. It took her a moment to find the strongest pain potion they had, and even then she didn't think it would be strong enough to do much good, but perhaps if, once it set in, she gave him something for sleep? But then he would die in his sleep and they would not have a chance to say goodbye. And for just once in her life, she wanted to say goodbye to someone. Lydia picked up an empty vial and threw it at the wall in frustration, watching it shatter, feeling like she should have gotten more satisfaction out of the act, but she only felt more helpless, more frustrated, and she slid to the floor, letting a wave of sobs and tears wash over her. It took Lydia several minutes to pull herself together again, but she finally managed to peel herself from the floor, pick up the pain potion, and she lingered there for a moment, staring at something for sleep. She slipped it into her pocket, just in case she needed it, but she hoped she wouldn't have to use it. She lingered outside the door to the bedroom and she could hear Sirius and James talking, Sirius's voice tight with agony. " – need to tell her that I've left her everything, James." "There's no need for that. You're going to be fine." "I'm going to die and you know it. Lydia knows it. Merlin, I never wanted this to happen. I was going to stay alive, win the war, marry her, have kids…. I was going to take care of her!" "Relax, Sirius. You're going to cause yourself more pain." "She mentioned leaving the country the other day. I should have listened. We should have left. I should have done the right thing instead of the brave thing for once." Lydia wiped her eyes and did not listen as James once more told Sirius to calm himself. She pushed the door open and moved swiftly to Sirius's bedside. "There we go," she said in a voice that was so falsely cheery that it made her shrink inside herself a bit. Sirius's eyes were wide and full of pain and horror as she unstopped the vial. "You'll need to drink all of this down, and you need to be sure not to fight it. The more you exert yourself, the less it can do for you." "Lydia, please," he muttered, trying to sit up, but she pushed him down again. "Relax, Sirius," she said gently, trying to believe her own lies. "Everything's going to be fine. Please, just do this for me and drink it?" His eyes softened and he nodded, letting James adjust him so he could drink the potion she poured into his mouth without choking. He winced at the taste, but Lydia watched him attempt to relax his body, in spite of the spasms of pain. She pulled out her wand and tried to see how much the corrosion had spread. It wasn't pretty, but if she could get him to sleep, his body still might have a chance of healing. She had half an hour before she could give him the sleeping potion, in any case, so she had that time to say goodbye, just in case. But Sirius would not sleep if he heard her say those words. "I'll make some tea," she muttered, and despite Sirius's pleading eyes and James's protests that he could do it, she went into the kitchen and began making tea for her and James. She could take her chances and not say anything, knowing he would be more likely to heal if he had confidence, or she could say goodbye to be safe and likely ruin all the work she had already done. There was a knock at the door and Lydia rushed to get it. Remus came in, his face covered in blood. "I can't stay long," he said as she closed the door behind him and began to siphon the blood of his face, looking for a wound. "Where are James and Sirius?" "The bedroom," Lydia told him. "Remus, hold still. I need to find-" "The blood's not mine, Lydia. I just need to talk to them." She sighed and led Remus into the bedroom before heading back out on the pretense of the kettle. "Three dead," she heard Remus say. "On our side, anyway. The hospital lost…" She pushed her way into the kitchen, carefully making the tea, focusing on little actions. A few minutes later, James came into the kitchen. "What's troubling you?" he said. "You look like you're going to be sick." Lydia turned and looked at James, handing him a cup of tea. "If I don't say goodbye," she said softly, "and it wasn't enough and he dies…. I never got to say goodbye to any of them, James. Not Mary, not Artemis, not my parents…." "But?" James said gently. "But if I do tell him…. Well, he'll panic, won't he? He'll fight to stay alive and that will fight the potions." "Potions?" "I'm probably going to have to give him something to help him sleep in another…ten minutes or so." "Lydia, don't." "I have to. I didn't have a pain potion powerful enough, and he's going to start to fight it. He needs to sleep to heal, but either way, he might die. It's the best chance he has, but…" "Just tell him you love him. Isn't that enough?" Lydia set down her own cup of tea. Could she actually tell James that she didn't love Sirius? "I can't." "Why not?" His eyes were full of confusion, and she just couldn't explain. He would never be able to understand her feelings. He wasn't Lily. "I've never said it. He would know," she whispered. "You've never told Sirius that you love him?" James asked, taking a startled step back. His eyes were searching her pained face for some sort of answer, or some sign that it was a joke, a bad joke and that any moment she would tell him the truth. And then recognition dawned in his eyes. "You don't love him, do you?" She could feel the tears forming and filling her eyes but she could not stop them no matter how hard she tried. She began to breathe heavily, quickly, too quickly to really be healthy, and she took a step backwards. The room began to spin slightly and James rushed forward and her knees buckled. He helped her into a chair and set her tea in front of her. "Lydia, you can't lie to him." "I haven't lied." Not really. Not in the strictest sense. But she knew that she was allowing him to lie to himself, which was almost as bad. "Lydia, you've said it yourself. He could die." "What's worse, telling him I don't love him and having him live or letting him believe the lie and die?" James rubbed his forehead. "You won't lie to him, will you?" "I can't." He tapped the table. "That's something anyway. Well, give him the potion for sleep, then, and say nothing. You won't get your closure if he does die, but…I suppose you could say it when he's sleeping." Lydia chewed the inside of her cheek thoughtfully and watched the clock as she sipped her tea. Without a word to James, when it was time she passed into the bedroom to see Sirius trying to calm himself despite the pain. He seemed to be better than when Lydia had left him. She sat down beside him and pulled the vial out of her pocket. He looked at her, frowning slightly. "What's that?" "It will help you sleep," Lydia said gently, brushing a bit of sweaty hair out of his face. "Your body heals best when you're sleeping. I gave you the pain potion first because this won't work if you fight it at all. Can you feel the change? You're experiencing less pain?" "Yes, but-" "Sirius, you need to do this. Okay?" He nodded, looking up at her with wide, shining eyes. She unstopped the vial and set the cork down on the table. Before she could pour it into his mouth, Sirius lifted her knuckles to his lips and whispered, "I love you." Lydia took a breath to steady herself. She began to pour the potion and he drank it dutifully. She kissed his forehead, tasting the sweat and grime as she pulled back. His eyes fluttered shut and she watched for a moment until his breathing calmed and she knew he was asleep. "I'm so sorry," she whispered, lifting his good hand to her own lips. "I'm so sorry I couldn't love you. If you die…. I'm so sorry. And if you don't…." She closed her eyes. "I'll try harder. I promise. I'll really, really try." A/N: This chapter is dedicated to The Yoshinator, whose regular reviews led to this update. THANK YOU DEAR! -C
When Sirius recovered leaps and bounds over the next few days – although not quickly enough for them to celebrate the New Year with their friends – Lydia did try to love him. She worked very hard at meaning every kiss, every touch, every moment of their intimacy. But it was of little use, it seemed, because about a week into January, she still did not love him. He and Peter were off doing something for the Order and Lydia dropped in on Lily and Harry at Godric's Hollow. She needed to talk to Lily. "Oh, Lydia! Come in, come in. How is Sirius doing? I've not left the house since the raid on St. Mungo's." Lydia said that he was much improved and waited in the kitchen while Lily put Harry down for a nap. "James told me about your meltdown," Lily said sympathetically, sitting down at the kitchen table with her friend. "But he survived, right? So you did the right thing." "Yes," Lydia said, pressing her foot against the sturdy leg of the table. "Yes, he's alive and well and more in love with me than ever, it would seem. He thinks of me as a hero now, as his savior." Lily nodded and said, "That's a lot of pressure on any person. Have you…. Have your feelings changed at all? I mean, even a little bit?" "I don't know," Lydia said honestly. "I know I still don't love him, and I mean I've tried everything, Lily. But has there been some small change, some positive sign that someday maybe I could if I keep trying? I really can't tell. And it's so frustrating and terrifying. What if it happens again?" One of Lily's thin, graceful hands took Lydia's shanking hand and squeezed it slightly. "But you're trying now, really trying. That has to count for something." Lydia nodded, letting her foot fall back down to the kitchen floor. She wanted to believe that there was something positive that would come out of trying harder, but if she was being fully honest with herself, she knew that nothing had changed. "D'you think we should have run?" Lydia asked. "What do you mean?" With a sigh, Lydia explained to Lily her conversation about going into hiding with Sirius, and the conversation she'd overheard between Sirius and James while she was getting the pain potion. "D'you think we should have left the country?" Lily pursed her lips and got up to make tea. There was a strange almost-silence between the women until Lily finished with the tea and sat down again. "Do you think it would have been a good idea to run away with a man you don't love?" Lily asked gently. "I mean, really, could you have sustained that? Eventually, he would have wanted to marry you and have children with you, and he would have wanted you to tell him that you loved him. Even if you could do the rest, could you have lied to him?" Of course she couldn't have lied to him, not about something so important. Lydia shook her head and they drank their tea in silence for a long while. "I think," Lily said softly, "that this is a wake-up call, Lydia. I'm not saying you should end things here and now. He obviously means a lot to you if you were so upset over things, the way James said you were. Give it some time, and if you still can't love him, you need to leave him. We can start thinking about arrangements if we get closer to that point, but…" "How long?" Lydia asked, hands shaking, feeling so nervous it was almost making her sick. "How long is too long?" Lily frowned and thought for a moment, looking down at the table, her green eyes flashing as she tried to puzzle out the right answer. Lydia had seen that look in many a classroom, but she never thought she'd see it applied to her own life in such a way. "You've been together for a long time now," Lily said softly. "It's only fair to give him a solid chance. What about…by December? Before Christmas. If you know it's not working toward the end of November, you don't want to break up with him after Christmas. That's just cruel." Lydia wasn't sure if it was really any crueler that way, but she nodded. She essentially had a year. If she couldn't, in giving it her all, manage to fall in love with Sirius within the course of about a year, then she would have to leave him, and tell him the truth, and that would hurt very, very badly. Was that the beginning of love? Drinking her tea, Lydia was fairly certain that it wasn't. She'd never liked the idea of hurting Sirius. She really didn't like the idea of hurting anyone, but there was something so pure in the way he loved her that made her feel especially guilty at the thought of causing him pain with the truth. "I really should be going soon," she sighed, rubbing her thumb on the rim of the teacup. "I've got some errands to run at Hogsmeade." "Does Sirius know you're spending so much time out?" "I'm not chained to the house, Lily. I'm probably safer out and about than at home all the time, anyway. I doubt they have someone tailing me." Lily clicked her tongue to make it perfectly clear that she thought the half-joke was tasteless, but she took the empty teacup from her friend and walked her to the door. "Be careful," she said sternly. "If I didn't have a sleeping baby to stay with I would go with you." "I'll be fine, Lily," Lydia assured her friend. "I'm sure the Death Eaters are all out looking for our men, anyway, right?" Another click of Lily's tongue and the two women hugged. Lydia sighed into her friend's beautiful red hair, and waved before Disapparating to Hogsmeade, where she walked down the street to the apothecary. To her shock, however, when she opened the door a familiar person walked right into her. "Lydia?" "Sev!" she said, taking a step back and frowning. "I change apothecaries and I still run into you!" He quirked an eyebrow with the obvious question of her avoiding him behind it, but he did not voice the question and so Lydia offered no answers. Instead, he said, "I needed some rare ingredients. This is the only apothecary in the country that has them." "Corrosives," she said darkly. "I know." His eyes flashed with surprise and they searched her face. "Sirius is much recovered, as I'm sure you know," she said softly. "No thanks to you." Severus grabbed her wrist and she felt like she was back at school once more. It wasn't as tight of a grip, but his eyes were wild and full of intent. "You need to leave him, Lydia." "You can't tell me what I should do, Severus. Not with the choices you've made. You have no right to tell me what to do." "Please, Lydia," he said, and she was surprised at how urgent his words were. "You need to leave him. You are not safe where you are." "The house?" she asked, frowning. "It's not that," he said, narrowing his eyes in thought. There was something he could not tell her, but Lydia did believe that he was afraid for her. "Please, Lydia. You need to leave him." "Sev, I have nowhere else to go. It's not safe for me to leave, especially not without really planning. Am I in immediate danger?" He hesitated. "I don't know," he said slowly. "Likely…likely not. But you are in danger nonetheless." Lydia sighed, pulling her wrist form his hand. "I can't leave." "I will keep you safe!" Severus pressed, moving a bit closer. "I will find somewhere, some way to keep you safe, Lydia. I promise you that." She searched his dark eyes and frowned, trying to understand what it was that had him so afraid. She thought back to all the little bits and pieces that he had told her when he warned her about things, or gave her even the slightest inclination about what was going on in his world. Whatever it was that had him afraid, it seemed to have to do specifically with her being with or living with Sirius. "What has you so scared?" she asked, still searching his face, and she saw a flash of emotion that did look very much like fear. It was gone a moment later, and Severus's eyes turned incredibly cold. He would not answer the question, she knew, and Lydia tried to pull away and back away. He followed her. "Leave him," Severus said darkly. "Before it's too late." There was something horrifically ominous. A year was what she had promised Lily not even a half an hour ago, but if she was really in some kind of danger…. "Can you really promise that I would be safer with whatever you plan?" she demanded. Severus raised his eyebrows, watching her, surprised and confused. He let go of her wrist, taking a step back. "Lydia, there are no guarantees, as much as I would like to say…as much as…. He cannot promise you that either." "No, he can't," she agreed, summoning all her courage. "But I'm fairly certain that he would die for me if he had to." Something flashed across Severus's eyes again. He would die for Lily, she knew. He would die for You-Know-Who if he was asked to, although how he would feel about it she wasn't sure. Lydia had never asked, but she was fairly certain that Severus was afraid of dying. She had a theory that those who killed often were the most afraid to die. It might have been something someone told her once, something that stuck in her memory and took nest in her mind. Whatever the reason, she was almost certain that he would have to think very hard before dying for her, and even then she didn't think he would chose to do it. And how safe would she really be if he wasn't willing to die for her? "I'm sure you have things to do," she said. "Good day." Lydia pushed past Severus toward the door of the apothecary and he said, "Lydia, please. I'm begging you." She paused only for a moment, wondering if she could find some way to appease both Lily and Severus in this. But it seemed that in this, as with everything else, Lily and Severus were completely separate. And as hard as it was, if forced to choose Lydia would choose Lily every time, if only because she knew what to expect from Lily and Lily's friends. She knew Lily would never hurt her, intentionally or otherwise. He said nothing else as she walked into the shop, and Lydia felt a twinge of guilt as she went about her shopping. No doubt he meant what was best for her. She could never believe that Severus would want anything but what was best for her. But things were complicated with the war. Nothing was the way she thought it ought to be. She couldn't afford to play by his rules. "Six galleons and four sickles, miss." Lydia paid for her ingredients and walked down the high street for a while. It was different from when she was in school. She could remember walking these streets with Lily, before either of them had gotten involved with a Marauder and when the most important thing they had to think about was homework and N.E.W.T.s looming on the horizon. Perhaps she should have been able to foresee, even back then, the world she would end up in, but Lydia had cocooned herself into a bit of a mental bubble, stuck her head in the sand. She went back to Sirius's place, determined to renew her efforts to fall in love with him, even a little bit. Sirius was pacing the foyer when she came inside and he froze, staring at her when she walked in. "Hello," she said happily, kissing his cheek, taking off her scarf. "How was…whatever you were doing?" "Where were you?" he said, his gray eyes flashing. Lydia frowned slightly, holding up her bag. "Apothecary," she said. "We were low on quite a few things I needed to stock up the medicine cabinet. And I dropped by to see Lily." "You shouldn't go out so much," Sirius said, following her to the storage for her potion supplies. "It's not safe. Why don't you keep a list and I'll get your ingredients for you while I'm out?" "Don't be absurd, Sirius," she said, clicking her tongue. "You won't know what the best ones are. You don't have a rapport with the apothecaries. I get everything at a hefty discount, you know. They're not just going to transfer that to you." "We don't need the discount," Sirius grumbled. "Look, Lydia, will you just put the beetle eyes down and look at me?" She did as he asked, frowning at him. He was starting to get frustrated and there was no point making it worse. "Yes?" "I don't want you leaving the house except for emergencies and when you're with me." Lydia blinked up at Sirius's face. He probably meant well, but this was not working wonders for her attempts to fall in love with him. "Why?" "Because it's not safe." "Is there some new threat I wasn't aware of? Because if there is then we can talk about this, but if not I'm going to keep on as I've been, Sirius." "Please," he said, touching her shoulder gently. "Please, Lydia, just let me keep you as safe as possible." She tilted her head slightly for a better angle of his face. "I'm not going to be any safer if I'm stuck in the house, Sirius," she argued, raising her eyebrows at him. "Remember what happened to your last house? What if that happened again with me in it? How would you feel about cooping me up then?" Sirius took a step back, obviously stunned that she used such an argument against him. She closed her eyes and turned away, trying to think about the way his skin felt against hers, trying to remind herself why she was going with Lily's plan instead of Severus's. "I love you, Lydia," he whispered. "I don't want to fight with you, especially about your safety. Can we just…agree that we both want what's best for you and talk it out over tea?" She exhaled and nodded. "Just let me put this stuff away first," Lydia pressed, opening her eyes and watching his face loosen. He kissed her cheek and left for the kitchen. She could hear the kettle as she finished putting away the last of her purchases, and then she steadied herself before going to the kitchen. "Here," he said, setting down a cup of tea for her, stirring a bit of sugar into his own. "You know I only say this because I care about you, Lydia." She watched the tea steam slightly. He was upset, very upset. He'd cooled her tea but not enough. Perhaps the most telling thing was that he hadn't even noticed the steam. Lydia could not bring herself to look up at him. "I know." "I know you don't want to lose your freedom, love, but I can't think straight, knowing you're not here when I get back. Is there some sort of compromise we can come to?" Lydia wanted to say that she couldn't compromise on her freedom to come and go, especially because he had no real hold on her. Except that she knew his hold was that he loved her and she felt she was indebted to him for his taking care of her. And she had worn herself out of disagreeing between Severus and her spat with Sirius when she arrived. "All right," she sighed, running her finger along the rim of the teacup. He'd yet to notice that it was too hot. "What do you have in mind?" Sirius set down his own cup and said, "I think we need to keep a calendar of when I'm gone." "What?" "I mean, when I'm not here, I need to document when I'll be back by for certain, because it worries me most when I'm here and you're not. I can't be in this house without you." So that was what this was all about. Not a renewed threat. Not a question of her safety per se. Sirius was incapable of being alone in his house, of knowing she was out somewhere without him. She sighed, biting her lip. She wanted to tell him that that was how she felt when he was gone and she was alone. But what point would there be, picking another fight? His proposal gave her freedom to leave the house any time he went out. It wasn't the most unfortunate of compromises, and she decided that it was better accept this had have some freedom than to ruin any chance she had of keeping her word to Lily and giving herself a chance to fall in love with him. "All right," she said, blowing on her tea. "I think that sounds reasonable." He sighed and then he said, "Oh, Lydia, I'm sorry about your tea." He rubbed his forehead. "I wasn't paying very close attention. Here, let me cool it again." She put her hand on top of his to stop him from reaching out to take back the cup. He smiled at her weakly. "Don't worry about it," she told him, only half meaning it. There would be nothing good of complicating things between them. She had to pull her weight. "All right," he sighed, kissing her hand. "All right." The sat in silence for about twenty minutes until he kissed her hand again and he said, "I love you, Lydia." She sipped her tea, a little warm for her tastes still, but it covered her silence nicely.
She had been just about to go out. Sirius had been called away in the middle of Valentine's Day, which he had been very upset about. James had been as well, and Peter. Lydia was told that Sirius would be back by dinner, but not much before at best. She had thought about going out to get some air, perhaps get Sirius some new shirts. Valentine's Day felt extremely oppressive inside the house, especially as she still hadn't managed to fall in love with Sirius. But before she could put her cloak on, there was a knock at the door and Lydia found Remus standing on the steps. "Oh, Remus," she said, frowning. "I didn't expect…. You weren't called in, then?" "Called in for what?" he asked frowning. She thought that perhaps he was being disingenuous about his act of not knowing that Sirius was gone on a mission, but obviously he hadn't been called in. He was standing right in front of her. "Sorry, it's just…I have something for you." Again? Lydia should have told him that she wasn't feeling well, to come back tomorrow, but she felt her pulse quicken and she stepped back, letting him into the house. "Tea?" "Ah, a quick cup, sure." He followed Lydia into the kitchen, but he did not take off his coat which emphasized to Lydia how quick of a cup he meant. She set the kettle on and got out cups. "Anyway," he sighed, not sitting down at the table while she fished in the cupboard for the sugar bowl, "I've brought you something. It isn't much, but after last year…" "Why?" she asked, turning to look at him. He blinked at her. "Why, what?" "Why did you bring me a present today?" she demanded. "Last year you told Sirius it wasn't a Valentine's gift." Remus laughed nervously and said, "Well, I couldn't very well tell Sirius it was, could I? Yes, I had planned on giving it to you earlier, but gifts can change meaning. And this…this was definitely a Valentine's Gift." He frowned a little, looking down at the small box he pulled from his pocket. "It's not much, but… Well, I know you belong to someone else, but Valentine's Day is about admirers, and I'm still in love with you." Lydia took the present that Remus pressed into her hand and stared at it as he went to fix the tea. She knew he was standing there, expecting her to open it. She pursed her lips for a moment before deciding that she had to open it. She tore off the wrapping and opened the box. Inside was a small Victorian workbox, made of a rich reddish wood with a scrolled pattern across the top and sides. Lydia had seen on before, although of a different character. Her mother had had one. Lydia thought she'd probably sold it at some point trying to get extra money for food as a teenager. "But I don't sew," she said a bit dumbly as Remus set her tea in front of her. "They're not just for sewing," he said with a shrug. "My mum's was a sewing one too, but I thought it might be a good way to store quills and ink and tools for Arithmancy and potions and whatever you want to take on the go." Lydia smiled a little, realizing that this had been his mother's workbox. She knew that his mother had died recently, and this was obviously something he inherited and didn't want to let sit around. She was flattered that he'd thought to give it to her, but she was even more thrilled that she had a good story in case Sirius asked about it. She picked up her tea and set the box down on the table. "Thank you, Remus," she said, smiling at him. "I'm only upset that I don't have anything to give you in return." "No, no, don't," he said, setting his cup down. It was already half gone. "I want nothing. Truly. I just want you to be happy." She gave him a sad smile. "I'm trying, Remus. I really am." "I know," he said, hesitantly. "Lily told me…. I think it's really great, Lydia, that you're trying to move on and love him. He needs that." As soon as he said the words she began to doubt her own convictions that it was the right thing to do. Having him visit like this was messing with her head. She started wondering if she tried one more time, if she might not convince him still to run away with her, to never look back, to be together forever. "He does need me," Lydia said softly. "It's just…very hard." "How so?" "I don't love him, Remus. I'm not sure that I can." "Of course you can't if you don't really try," he said gently. "I don't think you ever gave him a fair chance before, Lydia. Sometimes you have to work at it, and I think you'll find that Sirius is deserving of your love, if you only try to give it to him." Lydia nodded, but she wasn't sure she believed him. Lily and Remus had faith, so why couldn't she? Remus finished his tea, rinsing and replacing the cup before pulling Lydia into a hug. "Everything will turn out right in the end, Lydia," he whispered. "Things always do." "If we can't be together, how can it be right?" she asked softly, but he just gave her a sad smile and left the kitchen. She watched, hoping he would come back, say something, anything, but she heard the front door close, followed by the crack of Apparition, and she knew it was hopeless to expect any more than she'd gotten. Lydia sank to the floor, staring up at the edge of the table, swallowing. That had gone too smoothly. She had denied herself of temptations with too much ease. Was she starting to fall in love with Sirius? Were these the early signs? She finished her tea on the floor, staring at a cupboard, wondering what might have happened if she'd gotten him to stay just a little bit longer. After she'd finished the cup, she set it down beside her on the floor and heard the sound of Sirius's motorbike approaching. "Lydia?" he called as he closed the front door. "In the kitchen!" He hurried in and froze. "Why are you on the floor?" "I don't know," she sighed. "It just felt right." "What's this?" "Oh, it's a workbox. It was Remus's mum's, you know. He thought I might have some use for it. You know, for work." Sirius blinked, raising his eyebrows for a moment, frowning and then sitting down beside Lydia on the floor. "Sometimes I wonder about you," he said. He didn't seem to think anything too strange about the gift, though, because he put an arm around her and said, "What are you going to put in it?" "Dunno, ink and quills I suppose," Lydia said, yawning and shifting so that she was curled up with her head in his lap. He laughed softly and brushed a bit of her hair out of her face with his fingertips. "You look beautiful," he whispered, tracing little circles on her skin. "I wish there were something I could do…." There was something wrong in his voice. Lydia sat up, frowning. "What are you talking about?" she demanded. "Something you could do about what?" "It's nothing," he lied quickly, kissing her nose. "Don't worry about it." Lydia pulled away from the kiss and his paled slightly. "You can't tell me or you won't?" Sirius hesitated. He didn't lie to her often, and she could almost always tell. He knew she had backed him into a corner. With a sigh, Sirius leaned back against the leg of the table. "There have been more leaks," he said softly. "The spy is getting bolder, whoever they are. Probably think they're not going to be caught at this point, since Dumbledore hasn't managed to find them out yet." Lydia didn't ask if he and Dumbledore had discussed Sirius's suspicions about Remus. She didn't want to know the answer. "And people have died because of this information," Lydia said knowingly. She may not have known the particulars of what the Order did most of the time, but she knew that it was life and death. Lydia was worried for a moment that he was going to tell her who had died, or how many had died, and these were things she desperately did not want to know. She was convinced she would be happier without knowing. Thankfully, Sirius just nodded and rubbed his temples. Lydia felt a rush of sympathy. Sirius did not have the luxury she did of keeping unpleasant knowledge at arm's length. He had to know everything he could know if he was going to be effective, and staring at him on the kitchen floor she could finally see the weight of it pressing down on him in a way she never had before. "Sirius, you don't have to do this," she said softly, touching his arm. "No one's forcing you to fight this war." "I know," he sighed, putting his hand over her hand, holding it against his arm. "I know. But how could I walk away now? Lily and James have a child to protect, and I'm his godfather, Lydia. What sort of godfather would I be if I left him?" She hesitated. She wanted to ask what sort of parents Lily and James were, continuing to fight when they had a baby who needed them, but she had too much respect for her friends to do that. There was really nothing good to say, so Lydia just watched as Sirius worked through things in his head. Perhaps there was some sort of resolution he was coming to, some way to fulfill all his obligations to himself and all his friends, and to Lydia. She never asked him to have obligations to her, but she found herself in this peculiar situation nonetheless, and she also found herself feeling as though she didn't want to have the short end of the stick. "I love you," Sirius said, with a slow, sad sort of smile. He leaned forward and planted a tender kiss on her cheek. "I guess in the end that's really all that's going to matter, isn't it?" He didn't wait for her to answer that cryptic question, or indeed even for her to work out what he meant. Instead he pulled himself to his feet and helped her up onto hers. He kissed her lips once more and said, "I'm knackered. I think I'm turning in early." Lydia watched him leave the kitchen with an ever-so-slight limp that she would have asked about if her mind hadn't been whirring with confusion over what he had just said to her. He loved her, and that was all that was going to matter. What was he thinking of doing? What did he have to do? Was he on some sort of mission that was going to spell his death? Was he going to have to leave her, or hide her, or…or…? Lydia made a quick pot of tea to calm herself and managed to sit in the kitchen and do some work, trying to forget his strange words. Nothing good was going to come of whatever it was, she decided as she packed up her new work box and put her things back in her study. Lydia finished her tea and rinsed the cup, placing it carefully back in the cabinet before creeping toward the bedroom. Sirius was already asleep, so lost in dreams that he didn't even shift when she closed the door behind her. She changed as quietly as possible into a nightgown and climbed into the bed beside him, touching her fingertips to his arm, hoping not to wake him. He didn't even flinch. Lydia pressed a soft, swift kiss to his skin and rolled onto her other side, not wanting to look at him as she stared at the shadows around her. The spy was still active, more active even. And that would only mean bad things for Sirius, and potentially for her as well. As Severus had told her many times over throughout the years, there was only so much he could do to protect her. Trust no one. The words seemed so obvious. Of course she couldn't trust anyone. It was a war. But how was she supposed to survive, to function, if she could truly trust no one? Lydia did trust Severus, to a point. She knew there would always be things he couldn't tell her, and things outside of his control, but she could trust him to do his best for her. She could trust Lily to do the same, but there were the same restrictions on Lily. She needed to take care of her own family, her own safety, ahead of Lydia. And the Order had to come first, of course. The war was more important than any individual, or so all of Lydia's friends seemed to think. Perhaps she could trust Sirius more than anyone else, because as Remus had pointed out, he seemed to need her in a way that no one else did. And that would make him push what he was capable of in ways that no one else could justify doing. Or was she talking herself into believing that without any substantiation? Severus had told her to trust no one, to get away from Sirius, to become truly independent. But Lydia could not duel. She couldn't defend herself. If she truly trusted no one, she would have to leave her home and country and everything by herself, or she would die. Sirius shifted beside her and she turned to look at him again in the moonlight. It was a full moon tomorrow. She tried to imagine Remus's face, wondering if he'd looked tired, or if she saw him that way so often that she was simply too used to it to notice. He was calm once more, not a hint that he had moved at all. She wondered what he was dreaming about. There was no peaceful smile on his face like their early nights together, when she'd moved in with him in his first house. It was strange to think that she had ever made him so happy. Actually, she found she was strangely proud of that, knowing she made him so happy. Perhaps it wasn't really her, but the idea of her, the idea that the woman he'd believed her to be could love him. Had she shattered that dream entirely for him? It was difficult to say. He might have truly fooled himself into thinking that she loved him, might have been able to overlook the words she wasn't saying. And maybe, with time, she could fool herself into thinking those same things, into saying those words. Or maybe she would fall in love. But she thought it wasn't likely. Lydia shifted to face him again, glancing up at the window and thinking that perhaps she should get up and fix the gap in the curtains. It was usually not such a problem, but the moon was full enough to bother her tonight, and there was already more than enough bothering her. Instead, however, she rested her head on Sirius's upper arm, feeling him shift under her, turning onto his back without waking, letting her move to his chest instead, which was more comfortable for both of them. It was so easy and instinctive for him, it seemed, to wrap his arm around her without waking even a little bit. Lydia looked up at his smooth chin flecked with stubble he would shave off in the morning. Everything about him was smooth and firm and solid. She knew every bit of his skin, every hair, every freckle. Lots of people had those sorts of relationships without love, right? Purebloods had been doing it for centuries. There had to be something to their system. Lydia turned her head on its side and rested her hand on his stomach, just beside his navel. It was easy for Sirius to love her. Was that because he had her? Had he struggled and felt the pain she still tried not to feel about Remus, back when Sirius had only hopes? She closed her eyes and easily pulled the sketches on his nightstand at school, the letters, the pictures. Lydia could understand that desperation. She had felt it. Even if she couldn't quite love him, she had felt a compassion for his situation that was genuine. But now? Now he had her. If she left, he would be desperate again, perhaps. But if she stayed, would she manage to stop her own desperation? She felt that she had handled things with Remus fairly well, considering how only a year ago she had been begging him to run away with her. Somehow that seemed like such a short period of time, and yet a year ago Harry had only been a vague future event. Now he was a flesh-and-blood child. So much could happen in a year, even in the span of several months. Lydia felt her breathing falling into rhythm with the rising and falling of Sirius's chest. Perhaps a year was all she needed, just a little bit of time to get used to the idea. After all, the mind was a powerful place. With time, she might be able to convince herself of anything, or nearly anything. She smiled a little to herself for reasons that she wasn't fully clear on and allowed sleep to take her, lulled into her dreams by the careful, rhythmic beating of Sirius's heart. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to The Yoshinator, whose support has been helping me through my current crisis. For those of you who don't leave reviews, you probably wouldn't know that a week ago someone broke my flashdrive. I'm in the process of trying to recover the hundreds and hundreds of files, and some of my stories will be on temporary hold while I figure out what my options are. Deceptions and White Lies will be updated at least once by the end of the month no matter what. Otherwise, I'm going to put preference on things that won't be too greatly affected, like this story, The Many Mistakes of Sirius Black, Krysia & Gwaine, and a new story that I'm working on. I give profound apologies and I hope this will all be sorted out very soon and with little monetary cost. -C
Lydia was trying to decide what to do with the fish Sirius bought when there was a tapping of an owl at the window. She grumbled under her breath and headed off to get the letter. The bird was a sweet tawny owl she didn't recognize, and she fed and watered it before opening the letter that was obviously from Severus. Lydia, Forgive me for my behavior at Hogsmeade. I've obviously learned my lesson. I cannot control your life, especially when there is so much I cannot tell you, and it is foolish of me to think that you owe me anything. This letter will probably not be enough to mend the divide between us, but I will do my best, because things are coming that you can scarcely imagine, Lydia. I already worry too much about where and how you are. It will only get harder. You may know by now that James Potter is currently on his last mission for some time. The Potters are going into hiding. The Dark Lord is furious about this, but the protective charms they are using can only hold so long. Dumbledore and the Order will have to take drastic measures, because the Dark Lord is fixated, and I know he will not lose interest. I wish I could say that there is good news to go with this, and perhaps it is that you are less of an interest in his mind, but I cannot, even after all these years, preference either you or Lily. The idea of something happening to either of you is painful. Forgive me, it is difficult to write this letter. Simply because his attentions are not on you fully does not mean you are safe. I know that the spy is very interested in you, in what bringing you to the fold could curry in favor. And Bellatrix still wants to torture you. I wish I could paint the future in a more hopeful light for you. It must be difficult to sit on the outside of conflict, never fully knowing what might be happening, and yet still being fully at the mercy of the events of the war. It's hard enough knowing some or even most things and knowing you can do very little. I suspect that part of your anger with me, part of our not speaking, lies in what happened to Black several months ago now. I will confess, I was the one who cursed him, and I knew my potion was used against him. I don't know if I actively expected that he would die and you would be free of him and perhaps…perhaps I could sleep a little easier at night. But I should have known that if anyone could Heal such injuries, it would be you. I should have known that you would have done it, for Black. You don't love him. And yet still… Perhaps it was cruel of me to take him, or try to take him from you in that way. I confess, I did not think of you having to see it, to see him like that. I will not apologize for my attempt to rid you of him, to rid England of him. He's not worth your care. But I will apologize for how I went about it, and for not thinking of you and your sensitivities in that moment. It was selfish of me, and I know it. And I will say again that you do not owe me anything. But I know you, Lydia, in ways Black never could. I understand you. He will never be able to do that, and you know it. He can only understand what he wants you to be, only what he thinks you are. But that is not who you are. You should have published something else by now, should be writing a book, should be letting people know just how brilliant you are. But instead you're locked away in his house where no one can benefit from your work. Admittedly part of that is the war, but you know that part of that is Black thinking of you as his possession. Don't let him limit you, Lydia. He only owns you if you let him. Please reply. Anything. All I ask is your forgiveness and that we can start to talk again. The silence is unsettling. -Severus The letter was bold but apologetic, demanding but quite honest. There was something about the way Severus wrote the letter not in code that both worried and relieved her. Sirius could never see this letter, and she half wondered if he was hoping that Sirius would see it. Severus was clearly trying to get her away from Sirius any way he knew how, even through murder, and although Lydia knew he was capable of killing, she didn't think he would be capable of killing because of her. It wasn't wholly for her sake, whatever Severus wanted to say. She knew most of the issues were not about how Sirius treated her, and she knew he was conflating the issues that actually did exist with Sirius, because everything stemmed back to their childhood hatred of each other that neither one would probably get over any time soon. Lydia quickly scribbled a reply on a small slip of parchment. Sev, Don't be stupid. Of course I forgive you. But you know how it has to be. Don't expose yourself in a letter so obviously again. I don't want to have to forgo your funeral. And don't argue. -Lydia She had just sent off the owl when she heard the sound of the motorbike approaching and she quickly burned the letter, only just cleaning up the ashes as the front door opened. She could hear James and Sirius laughing and she breathed a sigh of relief. It had gone well, whatever it was, and as long as she could smile with them everything would be fine today. She was putting on her smile as she went out to meet them. "You'll never guess what happened, love," Sirius said happily, taking Lydia by the hand and leading her into the kitchen. James followed them, still laughing. Either she was doing a good job of pretending nothing had just happened while he was gone, or he was too pleased with whatever they'd done to notice. "No, I don't suppose I will." Lydia almost said something about how hard it would be to guess when she didn't even know what they'd been off doing, but she bit it back. There was no point letting it get in between them, not when everything else was trying so hard to do that already. "Here, have a seat," Sirius said, sitting across from her. James went to make tea. "Oh, leave it, Prongs. We've got to tell her this, and it would be better if we both did." She raised her eyebrows. What was it that had them so elated? Were they drunk? They didn't smell of alcohol. "Right, so we were riding down the motorway," Sirius said eagerly, "and we were being chased by the Muggle policemen." "Why?" Lydia asked, unable to keep the concern from her voice. "Okay, you should start with the start," James said, laughing. "Look, we were being chased by Death Eaters, and we put on a bit of speed to get away, right? And blended it with the Muggles. Except then apparently we were going too fast, so we were being chased by the Muggle police, like in films! And they just kept coming after us. It was excellent!" Lydia hoped this story had some ending that didn't lead to the police knocking on their door in a few minutes to arrest Sirius and James. She was too tired for this malarkey. "Anyway, we turned down an alleyway," Sirius said, picking the narrative back up, "and the policemen followed us, probably thought they had us surrounded, I dunno. This fat man ordered us off the bike, which we did. I mean, they always do in the films, don't they? And he started chiding us about speed and the fact that we weren't wearing helmets-" "Wait, you don't have a helmet?" Lydia said, feeling an instantaneous surge of anger and fear. What if he fell off the thing at some absurd height and died? "Love, we don't wear helmets when we fly a broom. Why do we need them for a bike?" That wasn't entirely accurate, of course. James had worn a helmet during Quidditch, mostly because Madam Pomfrey made him, knowing that he would be the primary target of nearly every Bludger the other team hit. But Lydia had never worn a helmet while playing, so she supposed she couldn't really argue that particular point. "Anyway," Sirius continued, "then the other one asked for our names when James tried to explain what we were doing. They didn't seem to want to hear it. So then I started listing off names…" James was giggling. "Yeah, he did. What was it…. Wilberforce. Bathsheba. And then Elvendork." Lydia fought the urge to roll her eyes. She was very glad she hadn't had to be there for this ridiculousness. "And then James told them that the best thing about Elvendork is that it's unisex." She actually covered her face at this point, but Sirius peeled her hands off her face and told her that he wanted to watch her reactions. "And then they were starting to get quite angry," James laughed. "And Sirius said, oh, you mean our names. And then he told them our names. But they didn't think Sirius's name was actually his name, you know, because Muggles are stupid – sorry – and then he started spluttering something and then, well…" The looks they exchanged told Lydia quite plainly that they had reached a part of the story that was no longer funny, perhaps even awful, and they were wondering if they ought to tell her. She let them ponder over it for a moment before she said softly, "Just tell me, if you're allowed. You've started the story. You may as well finish it. I'll only wonder for days if you don't." Sirius still looked uncertain, but James nodded. This left Sirius without a leg to stand on and he nodded too, sighing a little before saying, "Well, he hadn't finished making fun of us when the Death Eaters flew in. And we drew our wands. And the policemen went on defensive but they didn't understand and they started to make fun of us, but then we levitated the car together and the Death Eaters hit the car. Their brooms broke and I suspect at least one of the three was dead, the others probably just unconscious, and then we got back on the bike, thanked them for the use of their car, and took off." The three of them were finally on the same page about the lack of humor in the situation as a whole, and James and Sirius looked down with somber expressions. She suspected Lily would be upset when she heard the news as well, but she wouldn't hear about it until James told her. "I should report to Dumbledore and head home," James said, looking very uncomfortable. But then Lydia knew why from Severus's letter. This was his last mission and then he and Lily were going into hiding. She wanted to say something, to sympathize with him, to point out that at least his last mission had apparently gone well and he and Sirius had gotten a laugh out of it. But that would be admitting she knew something she wasn't supposed to know. "See you, mate," Sirius said, smiling, clapping James's shoulder before James left them alone in the kitchen. Lydia heard the front door close and she looked down at her hands for a moment. Sirius got up, presumably to make tea, and Lydia went to the bedroom, climbing into bed and curling up. She wasn't at all surprised when Sirius came in a moment later, a frown on his face and concern in his gray eyes. "Is everything all right, Lydia?" he asked. "Is this about the dead Death Eater? I'm not even sure he's dead. I mean, he might be. Like I said, we didn't stay around to check." "No, no, it's nothing," Lydia lied. She couldn't tell him about James. She couldn't admit how she knew. Instead she sat up against her pillow and looked at him as levelly as possible. "I'm just feeling sort of…. I don't know." "Are you ill?" "No." "Then I really don't understand," Sirius said, sitting down on the bed beside her, touching her face to keep her from turning away, as she had been about to do. "Is there something I can do? Are you hungry?" "No," Lydia admitted. She hadn't realized until he asked, but she wasn't hungry at all. "No, I…. Does it feel like something very…final happened when James was leaving?" She was trying to say that she knew without telling him that she actually knew, or how, and she hoped that Sirius would understand. His frown changed a little, darkening as his eyebrows knit. "Lydia, I-" "Don't tell me if you can't," she said quickly, sitting up a bit, her eyes nearly level with his. "Only…tell me if I'm right. Something just happened, didn't it?" Sirius sighed, leaning his forehead against hers. "I don't really understand it," he said slowly. "But…they're going into hiding, yeah. We might not see much of them. Certainly almost none of Lily and Harry, and little of James. He's still got the Cloak, but…. I was going to tell you, but…" "You didn't want to worry me." He nodded, and Lydia could see a tear rolling down his cheek. He was afraid. "Sirius," she said as gently as possible, all thought of her own fears strangely gone at the sight of him like this. She hated seeing Sirius afraid. He was the strong one, the reckless one, the fearless Gryffindor. "Sirius, they're going to be fine. Everything's going to be fine." She expected him to nod or answer her in some way, but instead he kissed her with a desperation like she had not yet experienced with him. It was passionate, yes, but there was something else underlying it. Lydia fell instinctually into the kiss, letting his arms snake around her, wrapping her own around his neck. Sirius shifted them so that she was beneath him, and she felt his hands move down her sides, down to the knee-length hem of her dress, pushing up the fabric. She was often amazed how quickly his mind and even body could go from some unrelated emotion or situation to sex and hunger for it. And she could almost taste his hunger as he kissed her. They had been together so long, knew each other so well, that even when she didn't really want to have sex she ended up enjoying herself. The thing she had discovered about sex with Sirius was that while he did have a natural talent for the act, his greatest talent was that he paid attention, remembered things, and truly wanted to please his partner. Of course, Lydia couldn't vouch for how he had been with others before her, but the way he was with her made it seem almost obvious that he was an incredible lover. She barely could think coherent thoughts by the time he pulled her dress off over her head. Sirius spent more time than usual on her breasts that night, which was how she knew he was upset. He kneaded and kneaded and Lydia wondered at his worrying of her breasts until she almost told him that he was hurting her, which he was a bit. Before she could gather the presence of mind to say so, however, he had moved on and she was relieved. He said her name with such intense passion as he climaxed that she almost cried at not being able to return his love in kind. It wasn't fair. She should be able to love him, should be able to be happy with someone who loved her so much. As Lydia came down from her high she admitted to herself, curled up and sweaty in his arms, that she was happy of a sort. She was comfortable. Sirius took care of her. She never wanted for anything. They had all the same friends – with the exception of Severus, but she had known for years that it would be either all of her other friends or Severus, that she couldn't fully have both. There were never arguments over petty things, only bursts of frustrations between them. But these were never really caused by each other, but by the strain that the war was placing on their lives, on their relationship. She was beginning to think that without the war, she might have been well and truly happy with Sirius. And even if she wasn't in love with him, even if she could not be in love with him under the circumstances of happiness, could Lydia truly turn away from someone who did, most days, make her incredibly happy? And she found that the more she opened herself to the possibility of someday loving him, the happier they both seemed to be, when days like today didn't happen. Sirius kissed the top of her head and whispered, "Thank you." It was this that made her the most uncomfortable, and she was jarred from her thoughts about happiness, about possibilities of happiness. He had never thanked her after sex before. This was…uncomfortable to say the least. To Lydia, lying awake and watching him fall asleep beneath her, those two, heavy words felt like his admission of dependency, of the strange idol he had made out of her, and out of his love for her, and every time she let him say he loved her without responding, every time she let him believe the lies he had built up, things got just a little bit worse in moments when the fullness of the emptiness in her chest hit her. Moments like these.
The Potters being in hiding was really starting to take a toll on Lydia, who could hardly stand being alone. Well, she wasn't wholly alone. She had Sirius. But Sirius wasn't Lily, and especially because she didn't feel it was safe to go and see Severus, she felt more trapped in the house than ever. And she could even go outside. Lydia could scarcely imagine how Lily must have felt, literally trapped in her own house. And Lydia could not get Severus's warning out of her head, that the methods they were using would only last so long. What would Dumbledore make them do next? "Have you finished your next letter for Lily?" Sirius asked over breakfast nearly a month after they'd gone into hiding. "James is due for another visit in a few days." "Nearly," Lydia said, not looking up at him over her tea. For some reason, she was finding it harder and harder to try to love him, perhaps because of the strain that separation from Lily and James had put both of them under. She would have liked very much to convince herself that it made no difference, but she knew it did. "Do you want more tea? I'm going to make another cup." "Oh, go on then," Sirius muttered, rubbing his eyes. "D'you think you could put a bit more sugar in this time? I'm in a sweet mood." Lydia thought that was a strange way of saying it, but she told him that she would and got the sugar back out of the cupboard, waiting for the water to reach a boil. When they settled in with their new cups of tea, Lydia could tell that Sirius wanted to say something. She was worried about what it might be with his lips drawn up in that solemn way, but she waited patiently for him to find his words. Finally, he said, "I know it's been hard for both of us, Lily and James being gone. I mean, they're not gone. Well, you know what I mean. And I just want to thank you, Lydia, for how strong you've been. I mean, I'm proud of how strong you've been and I…." He took a deep breath and let it out again. "I haven't lost much in my life that I've really missed, apart from the Potters, and now Lily and James and Harry are mostly out of reach." She understood his babblings. He felt that he had lost everything but Lydia, even though the Potters were still alive and well. They were alive and well because their friends had lost them, in a sense. "It isn't easy," Lydia said slowly. "You know that. But…I just have to keep telling myself that they're safe." She paused. "They are safe, aren't they?" Braving another attempt at how to use Severus's information to protect her friends, Lydia watched as a frown came over Sirius's features. He must have been troubled by this many times already in the short month they had been in this situation. She was pleased to find that he was thinking about it, but she would have felt better if they'd already decided how they were going to move forward from that point, what they were going to do next. "They are for now," Sirius whispered, rubbing his temples. "Of course, it's not a permanent situation. I'm not sure there is one. But Dumbledore has given them further alternatives, and it sounds like they're trying to decide which one they are least opposed to." He gave her a weak smile. "There's really no good options when it comes to hiding, knowing all your friends are still in danger." Lydia shook her head and said, "But they're the ones in danger, so of course they should hide. I would like to think that if you were experiencing…whatever they're experiencing, that you would have the sense to hide too." Sirius gave her a strange sort of look, sipped his tea, and then moved a bit closer to her. Lydia fought the strange urge to back away. She didn't like this moment. Something was wrong about this moment. She wondered if she shouldn't have said what she said exactly as she said it. "If there comes a time," he said, with more maturity and meaning in his voice than she had ever heard, "when there is ever any such threat on you or me, I promise you that we will run away, as far as we can get, and I will do whatever it takes to keep you safe. Anything at all, Lydia. Because when I thought I was dying…. Nothing scares me more than losing you except for the thought dying and leaving you alone. I love you, Lydia, more than anything else in the world. And I'm going to keep you safe." No, she didn't like this at all. It felt very wrong, like a vow. Like an oath. Lydia backed away from him imperceptibly, but she knew that he noticed the way she tensed when he had finished speaking. She had to think of something to say, before he had a chance to call her on it. But she could not think quickly enough and he said, "Lydia? What's wrong?" "Nothing." But she'd said it just a bit too quickly and his eyes darkened. His face fell. He was realizing, she knew, what she had known all along. "Say it," he said softly. "Please." Her heart was racing and she could feel how uncomfortably wide her eyes were. She thought she would have until December. That was what she and Lily had agreed upon. December, and yet here it was April and he was pressing her for things she couldn't yet say. "I…." The words caught in her throat. Could she say something so important if she didn't mean it? And yet the longer they sat there, her struggling, the harder and harder Sirius's face became and she found herself suddenly afraid. Not of him, but of what might happen if she couldn't say what he obviously needed to hear. "Why won't you ever tell me you love me?" Sirius demanded. "Is it Remus? Are you still too hung up on Remus to just say three simple words?" "There's nothing simple about love, Sirius," Lydia said, watching him jump to his feet and begin to pace. It was all very uncomfortable. "And it's nothing to do with Remus." This was perhaps mostly true, especially now that she had worked so hard at forcing herself to forget her feelings for Remus. But she could not shake the feeling that there was still some truth to his accusation. "No?" Sirius demanded. "All I've ever asked, all I've ever wanted from this is for you to love me. We've put off marriage, we've put off kids, and I never questioned it too much because your reasoning made sense. It's a war, right? We've got to be cautious." His voice was growing louder and louder with each word and Lydia felt the urge to crawl under the table, as she had done several times when her parents had fought before she went to Hogwarts. She would hide under there until they forgot about her and left the room, and then she would either cry or fall asleep. Lydia was not a little girl anymore, and the fighting wasn't about things she didn't understand. The fight was because she could not lie to Sirius, and still could not love him, and if she hid under the table he would not forget about her, but he would pursue her down there. She could make him stop being frantic, perhaps, if she made him feel sorry for her. This was a tactic almost too easy when they had been together so long, and it felt cheap and wrong in a moment of such intense distress for him. "But I hadn't considered," Sirius continued, still pacing but now at a frantic speed, "than perhaps your actual motive in putting off those things is because you don't love me and never wanted to be with me in the first place. Was I your back-up if Remus wouldn't have you? Do you think it's funny, having two men hopelessly in love with you?" She leapt out of her seat and backed away from him as if hit. He stopped pacing at her swift movement, watching her with careful eyes. "What?" he said, moving a single step closer before freezing as she flinched. "Are you afraid of me? Or are you afraid of having to admit that it's true?" "Don't be like this," Lydia said, trying to think of how her mother used to talk to her father when he got in his moods. She wanted Severus in that moment to make this whole situation go away. She wanted to feel like she wasn't going to cry. "You're…. I can't talk to you when you're like this." "What am I like, darling?" His face was not nearly so attractive when he was angry. "Go ahead, I can take it. Since you obviously don't love me, there's got to be something about me that you've not said before." "Sirius, please." She could actually hear fear in her voice as she backed up to the kitchen door, her hand fumbling with the knob behind her back. She didn't think he would actually hurt her, but she didn't want to turn her back and find out. Tears were welling up in her eyes as she thought of how hard she had actually physically tried to say the words. It was hopeless, of course. Perhaps someday she could make herself believe it and thus lie to him, but until that day she couldn't keep up the charade, not when he obviously knew. "Lydia," he said, his face softening as tears began to fall and roll down her cheeks. "Please, I…" She hurried out into the bedroom, locking the door behind her. He jiggled the doorknob for a moment, obviously trying to get in. He could unlock it easily if he really wanted, but he just sighed and she heard him slide to the floor, saw the door move just a bit as he pressed himself against it. "I didn't mean to frighten you," he said softly. There was a strange, muffled quality to his voice through the wooden door, and Lydia just blinked at it, wiping her face. He couldn't see her, no, but it made her feel a bit better to have a clean face. "I know." "Fuck, I can't even…. Lydia, why won't you tell me you love me? You do love me, don't you? I…. Please don't leave." She sucked in quick breath, unsure of how to answer, or which question to answer, or if she ought to say anything at all. "Sirius, I'm not going anywhere," she finally said, in the gentlest voice she could muster. Not yet, perhaps, but she felt that all the ground she had covered in those few short months had vanished from around her, and she would need to work twice as hard if she had a prayer of trying to fall in love with him by December. Lydia heard the lock click and she saw the doorknob turn slowly. His eyes met hers glistening with unshed tears. "It's because of your parents, isn't it?" She blinked. It took her a moment to realize what he meant by that. "They didn't love you like you deserved," he said softly, not giving her a chance to answer as he sat on the bed beside her, smoothing hair out of her face. "And I'll bet you never told them you loved them, did you?" "I did," Lydia said, frowning, trying to think back. "When I was really little, I said it to my father a few times, and to my mother almost every day. But they weren't listening. And I don't think they ever said it back except…. Except when I was ill once. My mother said it then." Sirius shook his head, leaning in a bit closer, resting his forehead against hers. "I'm so sorry," he whispered. "I'm so sorry, Lydia. I know what that is. I…. I never even tried to get my parents to tell me they loved me. I knew instinctively they never would." Something inside Lydia's chest felt crunched down, suffocated, like maybe this was part of her problem and all along she'd never realized. How could she not have realized? She loved Remus, so why was that different? Because she knew he could never be with her, that he would never be with her? "Sirius," she whispered, tasting his breath as she opened her mouth, "You know I've tried. I just…" "You don't have to say it right now," he said gently, such a transformation from the man he'd been in the kitchen, in every way. The touch of his hand against the back of her neck was tender, loving, the way he was when he made love to her. She wanted him to be like that all the time. It would be easy to fall in love with that man, or it should be. "Take your time, love." Lydia wished it were that simple. She wanted to just be able to eventually fall in love with him, but she knew she had to stick to the timeline she'd set with Lily. She was growing increasingly worried that she wasn't going to manage it before December, and then how was she supposed to tell Sirius that she couldn't love him, than she was leaving? And where would she go? An anxiety of increasingly familiar character was building up in her chest and she tried to calm herself through controlled breathing, but Sirius cut off her breath altogether for a moment, capturing her in a kiss. Lydia's eyelids fluttered closed and she surrendered to sensation. This was easier than thinking, easier than feeling, easier than trying to sort through what things were and what they weren't. She let Sirius's hands begin to remove her clothing. If this was all love was, everything would be so simple. She felt completely submissive that day. Her initiative went as far as helping him off with his clothes, and then she simply settled herself on the bed, lying back on the pillows, watching his eyes burn with lust as they grazed her body, as though he hadn't seen her like this hundreds of times now. It never feels wrong, being with Sirius. It hadn't always felt like she thought it should, but she never wanted to push him away. Now that she was realizing how close December really was, Lydia found herself worried that she really would have to leave him, and what would she do without his strength, his comfort, knowing that he would do literally anything to protect her? She felt even more naked at this thought, feeling his hands caressing her as he moved between her legs. Her skin was flushing with warmth, but she felt so cold. Lydia gasped at the sensation of Sirius entering her. She was so used to it, and yet every time it felt stunningly new. Without even thinking about what she was doing, she pressed her lips to his neck in a way she knew he liked. Their intercourse wasn't exactly routine, but there was something very comfortable about it once more. Sometimes they tried new things, mostly at Sirius's request, but when they were in intense emotional situations like the one they had just distracted themselves from, everything reverted to comfortable form. She knew Sirius was getting close when he began muttering endearments and swearwords all mixed together against her throat, and she felt a twinge of guilt as he said over and over how much he loved her, and then he came gasping her name. Closing her eyes, feeling him panting on top of her, Lydia tried to enjoy the sensation of it instead of worry about the words. But how could she not worry about the words? She could still feel them against her skin even though he'd stopped speaking. He kissed her jaw and collapsed beside her, rolling her onto her side to face him, stilling inside of her. "I'm so sorry," he sighed, and Lydia opened her eyes, satisfied that she wasn't going to betray her emptiness and self-disappointment. "I'm sorry I shouted at you earlier, love. I don't know why…. I guess my nerves are a bit raw lately. We're all a bit like this right now. You know, with the war and all." Lydia nodded. She wanted to point out that she hardly saw anyone other than him anymore, but it didn't feel like the right time to stir up another fight, and what good would it do? She wanted less fighting, not more of it. "You didn't mean it," she said, although she wasn't sure that was true. From the flashing of his eyes in the kitchen, the fact that she couldn't say those three simple words hurt him more than his pride would let him admit. And she hated that. After how good he had been to her, she was hurting him, and hurting him deeply. Perhaps Severus was right. Perhaps they wouldn't and shouldn't wait until December to watch their relationship fall apart. But how could she tell him that? And it wasn't as if she could walk away then and there. Sirius held her close, pulling the duvet over their bodies. She could smell sex and sweat, could feel the sweat on his skin. It was the sort of thing that a younger version of herself might have found disgusting and she marveled at how she could now lay here pressed against him and think that she even sort of liked the smell of his sweat. Hope shot up just a little in her as she thought that this was how changes happened, slowly, without being noticed. And perhaps there was still some time for her mind to change about loving Sirius. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader Ookamihime Ichimaru. Hopefully I spelled all that right. I've been known to make mistakes, so please forgive me if I have! Enjoy the chapter, can't wait to hear from you all about it! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader/reviewer Mid-Autumn's Dream. I hope you enjoy it, and that it isn't too long delayed for you. -C It was another quiet birthday, with Sirius once more off on a mission. In his defense, he had tried to get the day off of work, but Dumbledore had given him apologies and said that he could not be spared. "I'll be back before you're in bed, love," he had told her as he put his keys in his coat pocket and kissed her cheek. "Don't worry about a thing. I hope you have a restful day, anyway." Lydia wouldn't have called the day restful, but she got a lot of work done and didn't feel like stabbing things. That was a start. She was maybe a draft or two away from publishing something that did have to do with an aspect of the war, but was far less ambitious than the timing of the whole thing. It was also less depressing. It was a look, actually, on the impact the war was having on wizarding population, and how many generations of Muggleborns would be needed to replenish the population if the war ended by the end of the year. Of course, Lydia knew that the war did not have a foreseeable end, but that was beside the point. All things had to end. If You-Know-Who won, things might end up worse as far as number dead, but foreseeably there would be an end in sight to the conflict as it existed in that moment. In truth, she was not satisfied with the piece. When she sat down to make herself a birthday dinner of stir-fry, she was about ready to write her publisher and tell them it wasn't ready after all, and then burn the thing. It wouldn't do her career any good, but it might make her feel a bit better. Instead, Lydia just locked it up in her study to deal with after she'd had something to eat. Most things looked better after eating. Before she could turn on the stove, however, there was a tapping at the window and she jumped. Perhaps it was from the Potters. Lydia let in the owl, which was carrying a heavy-looking parcel. "What have we here?" she asked, unburdening the owl and giving it a bit of water. "Ah, birthday present, no doubt." Except she'd already gotten a present from the Potters. And from Remus, and from Sirius, and from Peter. This must be from Severus, and she realized it just as she began unwrapping the parcel. Inside was a beautifully embossed book that she knew must have cost him a great deal, a book containing copies of the actual letters of Merlin on Arithmantic principles. She flipped through them, eager to see what sort of condition they were in. She'd looked at this book in a shop once, but hadn't seriously examined it because it was far too expensive for her budget. Beautifully, pristinely copied, although there were some gaps in the text where the originals had been damaged by time. Even magical restoration could only do so much. Lydia picked up the note that Severus had tucked inside the cover. Lydia, I thought about a card, but it seemed to…jolly. And since you'll likely burn the letter anyway, I didn't think you'd like me wasting the money. I know you know how expensive the gift is, so I expect you'll be thinking about silly things like that. I've been saving for it for some time. Don't get yourself all worked up. There is a reason I haven't given you a gift in a while. I trust that you are well. I would write more, but…there is so much I cannot tell you. Only remember my words. Get out of that house as soon as you can, and get away from Black. Trust no one. Happy Birthday, Lydia. -HPB Lydia read it three times, copied the first paragraph and the last line magically to the inside cover of the book without the warnings or his monogram of sorts. Sirius never poked around her study, so the chances of him stumbling upon it were very low, but just in case… Then she burned the letter, disposed of the ashes, and set the owl on its way. There was no point in replying to Severus. He would not expect thanks, and would likely sneer if she offered them. She would find a less obvious way of thanking him, eventually, but until then she had to content herself with feeling grateful. Lydia slipped the book into her study, locked it again, and quickly made herself dinner. She didn't typically like cooking with magic, but this was one of those times when she was grateful for the skill. She wanted to enjoy that book as soon as possible, and that meant making her food as quickly as possible. She had also been holding off cutting herself a slice of the birthday cake Sirius had bought her – because she explicitly told him he wasn't allowed to bake without supervision – until dinner, so this would be a perfect compliment to the new book. Lydia finished making dinner, made herself a gin and French, and cut a quick slice of cake before retreating into her study and setting her food on the floor in the corner. Lydia put the book on the floor, and carefully balanced her dinner as she opened the book and began turning pages with her toes, reading at eating. She was glad that she had perfected this skill in school, if only so that she could do it on this one instance in her life after finishing her N.E.W.T.s. Never before had Lydia been so excited about a birthday present, and she half wanted to go to Spinner's End right then and there to thank Severus against his will, but she knew that she needed to find a way to make him really know how much she enjoyed it without bothering him. Apart from the book, however, she did not have the best of birthdays. She mused about it over finishing her cake and alcohol. She still was feeling an incredible amount of guilt over the whole lack of being able to profess love or anything like it to Sirius. She was increasingly uncomfortable with the whole promise she made to Lily, because what if she managed to fall in love with him? Where would that leave her with Severus? And what if she didn't? Where would that leave her, period? And those weren't the sort of things you wanted to weigh on your mind during your birthday. Lydia tried not to dwell on her own problems as she closed the book, put it in a drawer of her desk, and left the study to wash her dishes, fork still in her mouth. It was hard, but she encouraged herself to think of something else, something that would brighten her day. But when she started washing the dishes, she saw the gift pile from earlier in the day, saw the beautiful set of crystal phials Lily and James had given her, and she felt a deep, empty pit in her stomach. Even more than missing Severus, who was really only an occasional part of her life since leaving school, she missed Lily and James tremendously. The longer she went without seeing Lily, the worse she felt about her failure to love Sirius, the worse she felt about being with Sirius in the first place, and the more tempted she became to take Severus's advice and just leave. Lydia traced her fingers across one of the phials. It didn't feel right, being without Lily, especially when the war was so bad outside that Lydia was actually afraid to leave the house, just in case. Lydia turned away and quickly washed the dishes, with her hands. The more time she spent focusing on things that had nothing to do with Lily and James, the less she was likely to miss them. In some ways, this was her worst birthday she'd ever had. She couldn't recall a lonelier one. But then, it had some very important things going for it, and she tried to think of those as she dried the dishes and put them away. For one thing, Remus and Sirius weren't glaring at each other awkwardly. The solitude did grant her that one relief. Lydia had forgotten how therapeutic it could be to do Muggle chores, and so she set her wand on the bedside table and began cleaning the house. She did laundry, dusted, rearranged their bookshelves, and even put Sirius's record collection back in order. He had James had taken to collecting Muggle records, and they kept the collection at their place. It had been because they were worried about Lily's misfiring magic at first, but now that Harry was small and curious they were more protecting it from him and his slobbering being. At the overwhelming feeling of emptiness that hit her, thinking of Harry, Lydia set down the records she'd been sorting and backed away from the collection, staring at it. Everything seemed to be a reminder of Lily and James, in some small way. She closed her eyes and breathed in slowly, smelling the scent of Sirius's cologne on the air. She did love that smell, something that felt comfortable and natural to her, and had for as long as she'd known him. Lydia knew that it was a similar smell to a cleaning product – soap? Detergent? Shampoo? – that her mother had used when she was a child. It smelled like home. Lydia finally pulled herself to her feet, leaving the unsorted records where they were and moving into their bedroom, glancing around. There wasn't much to arrange or dust. She supposed she could reorganize their wardrobe by color, but Sirius would get agitated by that. He had his clothes the way he wanted them, he would argue…. In absolutely no order at all. She didn't see what was wrong with having a bit of order in one's life, but Lydia supposed that if that was the only thing he wouldn't let her organize then it wasn't so bad. Instead, Lydia went into their bathroom, checking the potions she kept in the cabinet to make sure none were past date, turning all the bottles so their labels were clearly visible. She was especially careful with her birth control potion, making sure that it was all there, all well within date, and then making a mental note of when she ought to start brewing some more. She figured she was safe until November, but she would have to brew at least a little bit more then. How much would depend upon if she'd managed to get any closer to falling in love with him by that point. Lydia then glanced over the basic pain potions, saw that they were all in order, and closed the cabinet. She washed the sink, taking an old toothbrush to clean the small spaces and awkward angles of the faucet. Sirius hated watching her do that, said it was unsanitary, but she reminded him that nobody actually used that toothbrush anymore, and she changed it out whenever they had a toothbrush one of them was going to dump out. He didn't find this very comforting, but Lydia didn't really care. She was contemplating whether or not it would be useful to clean the toilet completely or just dust the exterior when she heard the faint rumbling of Sirius's motorbike. She let out a sigh of relief she didn't expect, and she walked out to greet him at the door. She tried to smile. After all, it was her birthday. But it felt painful, and after he took off his gloves and set aside his keys he frowned at her slightly. "Is everything all right?" he asked, touching her face. "You look…tired." "I did a lot of work today," she said honestly. "But it's…fine." "You're lying," he said, narrowing his eyes. "C'mon, let's have some cake." "I had some." "Then have some more. It's your birthday, love. D'you want me to make you a drink?" Lydia shook her head. She felt that having another drink would only make her in a worse mood, and that led her to the idea of blaming her melancholy on the alcohol in the first place. But if she did that he'd likely put a limit on her drinking alone, and that would be silly. So she said nothing, watching him cut them large slices of cake. "Oh, the phials might get knocked off the counter," he said nervously, glancing at where her presents still sat by the sink. "I'd hate it if…." He frowned even deeper, turning back to her and handing her a plate with her cake slice on it. "You miss them." Lydia nodded, looking down at her cake, not picking up her fork as she stared at the icing. "Lydia, they're safe. That's the important thing, isn't it?" "Are they safe, though? I mean, can you promise me that nothing's going to happen to them?" She looked up at him. "I don't know what I would do if something happened to Lily, Sirius." He sighed and put a hand over hers. "I know, Lydia," he said gently. "I know." And he did know. She knew that it worried him every day, thinking of what it would be like if something happened to James. Since losing James's parents, it was a stifling fear that stayed with Sirius, hanging on his shoulders like a set of weights trying to suffocate him. "Has Dumbledore thought of improving their security?" Lydia asked, pulling her hand away from his and picking up her fork. He didn't seem offended, so nervous the question seemed to make him. Sirius cleared his throat and said, "Well, yes, but I haven't been privy to the talks. I know that they've talked about some things, but Lily's resistant. She wants…. Well, I don't know what she wants, exactly, but whatever it is, the options they've got left to them don't let her have it. I expect if things get too much worse or go on too much longer she won't have a choice, so Dumbledore's letting her have her way while she can." If it were just Lily and James, they wouldn't even be having this talk. Those two were so stubborn, they would say no and that would be the end of that. But this put Harry at risk, whatever this was, and that was something nobody seemed willing to do. Harry's safety, everyone said without saying a word, was of the utmost importance. Lydia, strangely and selfishly, didn't see it that way. Harry was an extension of Lily. If something happened to Harry, Lily would be distraught but she would still be there. If something were to happen to Lily, though, with Harry still around Lydia wouldn't know what Harry was anymore. How would she relate to this tiny child that didn't even know how to say her name without his mother around? How would Lydia survive without Lily? How would the world keep moving? So for Lydia, the important, material thing was that Lily survive, and that was the utmost importance. Sirius, he worried about all three of them equally, although perhaps James most of all. Lydia played favorites. She worried about Lily with all her heart, and then with whatever energy was left over she worried about James and Harry. Halfway through cake, Lydia asked, "Am I still in danger?" Sirius hesitated for a moment before he said, "Yes, Lydia, you're as much in danger as you ever were, I suppose. But nothing's happened yet, has it? And from what I can tell, his attentions have shifted, so I think you're probably safe for now." Somehow, though, Lydia didn't feel safer by him saying this. She felt strangely and eerily more uneasy sitting there, thinking about being safer because Lily and James were greater targets than they used to be. Perhaps it was the thought that Lily's stubbornness might get them all killed. Surely they cared about their child enough not to do that, though. "Lydia," Sirius said gently, placing his hand on her wrist in a caring, uncharacteristically placid way, "everything's going to turn out right. I promise." "Are you ever afraid?" she asked. She hadn't been listening to him, not really. She'd heard the words he'd just said, but they made no sense in her mind. He blinked at her. "When you're out there, or when you're with me, are you afraid that something will happen?" "Things happen all the time." "You know what I mean. To me. To James. To anyone." Sirius sighed, his fingertips stroking the fine hairs on her arm. "Let's just have a night to talk, all right?" he asked, not smiling at all, looking completely serious. And so they did. The pair of them stayed up all night in the kitchen, holding hands and talking out every fear they could think of, even ones that didn't make any sense, things that could never happen. "I worry," Lydia said as the sun was starting to rise, "that the spy has been in our home, that they know…." Sirius frowned a bit at this. Of course, Lydia knew he still thought the spy was Remus. She tried to keep her face even, knowing that he wouldn't take kindly to her still not believing him, even though she no longer dreamed of running away with Remus. What would the point be anymore? The light danced strangely, unfamiliarly on the walls of the kitchen, and Lydia whispered, "But I suppose it won't make a difference, will it?" That sounded grimmer than she meant it to, and Sirius's eyes widened, his frown melting into a look of utter tenderness. "Everything's going to be all right, my love," he said with a small, hard-to-believe smile. He kissed her hand. "Everything's going to turn out right."
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my most loyal reader of this story, The Yoshinator. I can't even express how much your cypercompanionship has helped this story along at the pace it's going. -C Lydia couldn't understand why Lily and James were allowed to come over to Sirius's house, but they were bringing Harry. Sirius said he didn't want to talk about it until they'd sorted the whole thing out, but Lydia had a feeling that whatever it was, it meant that Lily had finally caved and their security was going to be increased. This made Lydia feel both relieved and nauseous. On the one hand, she was glad that Lily was going to be safer, that the likelihood of her dying and leaving Lydia all alone come December was decreasing all the time Dumbledore increased their security. But how little would Lydia see her best friend with these new precautions? And what was taking them so long in the kitchen? Sirius came into the sitting room where Lydia was having a drink. They'd just put Harry in a cot in their bedroom for a nap. "How is it going?" Lydia whispered, feeling Sirius's arms wrapping around her as she looked out the window. "Have they come to any arrangements?" "Maybe," Sirius whispered. He kissed her neck gently and rested his head on her shoulder. "Dumbledore wants them to use the Fidelus Charm." Lydia closed her eyes, trying to think on what that was. It took her a moment, but then she gasped. "You mean with a Secret-Keeper," she whispered. "Yes." "Sirius, we'd not see them. Ever." "I know. But they would be safe, Lydia. It's only until the war is over." But it wouldn't end. The war would never end, and even if it did they wouldn't be safe to come out, and she would never see her best friend ever again. "Love, you're shaking." Lydia set her glass down on the window sill and pulled out of Sirius's arms, attempting to walk away. She wasn't sure what she was doing, where she was planning on going, but she'd definitely had a thought to lock herself up in her study and not come out for the rest of the day. But Sirius put his hand on her waist, pulling her closer, turning her to face him. "What would make you feel worse," he asked softly, "losing her for a little while and knowing she's alive, or losing her forever?" Suddenly, Lydia realized how Severus felt, the struggles he was having knowing that Lydia and Lily were out of his reach, that at any moment he could lose either one of them and have absolutely no chance to say goodbye. She felt terrified. She felt sick. She felt like she wanted Lily to be alive at any cost, like how Severus kept telling her to run away, so that he at least knew she was safe. Suddenly it all made sense. Suddenly she understood. "I know," she said softly. "I…I know." Sirius nodded at her and touched her arm. For some reason, although she had gotten better about his tender gestures lately, all she wanted to do was smack him away from her. She wanted to get away, had an urge to see Severus, had an urge to actually leave the country. If she asked in that moment, Sirius would have started packing their things, but how could she knowing that she still didn't love him? Best to wait and see, hard as that was sometimes. Harry began to cry in their bedroom and Lydia swore, moving to grab her drink. To her surprise, Sirius didn't stop her, but instead said, "I'll get him. He'll want his mum. That's his feeding cry." Lydia felt a bit of a pang as he left the room. Harry wasn't even his child, and yet Sirius knew how to differentiate his crying? She finished her drink in one and set the glass down on the side table. She couldn't go into the kitchen, not while they were still negotiating and discussing how best to take Lily away from her, for their own good. Of course, she thought, sitting down on the sofa, she would be able to go into the kitchen. There had been no invective to keep her out of the room. She just knew that if she went in she would do or say something desperate, and she didn't want her loneliness to change Lily's mind, turn her stubbornly away from her own safety. It just wasn't fair. There were supposed to be good choices, but no good choices could be found, for anyone. Lydia flicked the glass over in anger, glad that it simply fell against the wood of the side table instead of shattering. Still feeling rage boiling inside of her, she stormed into her study and locked the door, looking around for something to throw. Lydia picked up some blank parchment and began tearing it in half, then in half again, until she had little tiny shreds of parchment and then she began balling them up and burning each individual miniscule ball of parchment, enjoying the tiny flames in their short lifespans. She Vanished each set of ashes, but this wasn't enough. She wanted to break something, to properly have a rage. She'd never really been this angry before, and when she'd seen other people be angry she'd seen them throw things, break things, and although it was frightening it looked oddly satisfying. She reminded herself that this was Sirius's house, but that made the idea of breaking something even more tempting. Lydia tossed around the idea of breaking the window. She could always fix it again later. That would be the best thing, yes. She could lock her study, fix it when she was feeling better, and Sirius would never have to know. He never would figure it out, he didn't go in her study without her permission. Lydia then began to ask herself whether she wanted to break it with magic or by Muggle means when someone knocked at the door. "Lydia?" Lily's voice was nervous. "Lydia, we're about to leave. Can we talk?" With a wave of her wand Lydia unlocked the door and Lily came in a moment later. Something about seeing Lily's beautiful face after so long gave Lydia a rush of calm, like everything was going to be okay, except how could it be? "Sirius said he told you about the Fidelus Charm," Lily said softly, sitting on the floor beside Lydia. "Is that what you've decided on?" "Ah, yes. We've picked a Secret-Keeper as well." Lydia nodded. "Well, Dumbledore wanted to be the one, but it seemed like…overkill. And he's already got so much on his mind. And there's no one in the world James trusts more than Sirius and-" "What?" For some reason, Lydia hadn't seen that coming, although she probably should have done. Sirius Black and James Potter were the inseparables. The Secret-Keeper would be the only person who would be able to visit the Potters while they were in hiding. Sirius would be able to see Lily and James, would be able to watch Harry grow and learn, and Lydia would be isolated once more. Lily was blushing. Obviously, she understood the position she was putting Lydia in. "We chose Sirius to be our Secret-Keeper. He's…accepted, obviously. I know it's hard, but there's nothing he wouldn't do for James, Lydia. We don't have many people we can trust, and I would have chosen you, except…." Except she wasn't in the Order? Except she was a coward? Except she was weak? "Well," Lily sighed, frowning a little, "I didn't think you would want to become a target at that level. Sirius knows what the risks are. You couldn't begin to understand just how…just what…" Lydia nodded. She wanted to point out to her friend that Lydia was already a target, that this would already increase the likelihood that Lydia would be targeted. Sirius would be the obvious choice, and the Death Eaters would come after him. In coming after him, what better way to deal with him than a bargain? Torture was tedious and could end badly with someone as stubborn as Sirius. But a trade between two people he loved? Lydia shivered. She didn't know if he would pick her or James, and she desperately wanted him to pick James in that situation. She couldn't live with the knowledge that she was the reason he let their best friends die, and she didn't even love him. If she died, at least he could remember her as he thought she was, and she thought there was something beautiful in a sacrifice like that. Lily and James would know the truth, but Sirius never had to know, and she had a feeling they would never tell him. But he would be in that situation, she was almost certain of it, choosing between her and the Potters. The only way he wouldn't, would be if she left him first, or they went into hiding as well. That thought grew increasingly tempting, and Lydia wondered if maybe she shouldn't have come up with some way to convince him to run away once the spell was done. After all, wouldn't they all be safer that way? "How long until the spell is done?" Lydia asked softly. She was praying it would be after December, so she would know if she wanted to be with him or not. But that seemed so far away that she wasn't sure they could wait that long. Apparently they couldn't. "October or November," Lily said, shrugging. "It depends on how long it takes to get everything set up, to have all our affairs in order." Wills? Or….what was Lily talking about? Lydia decided that she didn't want to know. She just nodded. "I might not know by then," she said softly. "I won't know…what I'm going to do." "Lydia, I think you already know what you're going to do." Lily was giving her a sad look, but Lydia knew she was wrong. Lydia had a vague inkling of what she probably ought to do, but the thought terrified her. And because she was so terrified, she wondered often if she would be able to do it at all. "He won't be allowed to tell anyone where you are, will he?" Of course, Lydia knew where they would be. They wouldn't move at all. But unless Sirius spoke the words to her or wrote them in his own hand, she could go to Godric's Hollow and pace in front of their cottage a million times over and never see it at all. The idea made Lydia sick to her stomach. Where would she go if she did have to leave Sirius, if she couldn't stay with the Potters? Lily frowned, obviously realizing Lydia's predicament. "If you have nowhere else to go," she said slowly, "you could always call up Remus or Peter." Lydia didn't like the idea of staying with Peter, and she certainly knew that staying with Remus could only complicated her life more. She supposed she ought to start looking into a flat, just in case. She had to have somewhere to go. She had a bit of money saved a way, since Sirius never let her pay for anything. She was suddenly grateful he wasn't having her pay rent. "I've got to leave," Lily said softly. "Go," Lydia said, hugging her friend, trying not to cry. "Sirius has some business," Lily said as she stood up. "He asked me to tell you he's going to be away for a few hours. Maybe until dinner." "Business?" "I think it's financial, not to do with the Order," Lily said. Her voice was meant to be comforting, but nothing seemed to comfort Lydia as she watched her best friend leave the room. Lydia stared at the wall opposite her for about an hour, trying to gather her thoughts to think about anything but Lily and James leaving. She tried thinking of what she'd make for dinner, tried to plan the research for her next project, tried to even think of where to start on looking into flats without arousing Sirius's suspicions, but she could think of nothing but how painful it was to know she would be separated from Lily and James in only a few short months, and then not long after that she'd be truly on her own. Perhaps Dumbledore could help her find a flat in a safe place. Or Severus. Or…someone who wasn't Remus or Peter. Lydia was just pulling out parchment to start making a list on, trying to sort out her thoughts, when there was a tapping at the window. She wiped her eyes a little, dropping the parchment back in the drawer and opening the window to let in a small, sweet-looking owl. She swallowed and unrolled the letter. Her mind was still racing with other concerns, and it seemed impossible to her that Severus could be writing her at a time like this. But of course, he didn't know. Or she hoped he didn't know, because if he knew Dumbledore's plans then so did You-Know-Who. Lydia, I do not know how much Black knows, or how much he is allowed or willing to tell you, but Lily is in great danger. I have done everything I can to insure her safety, but there is still something you can do. I know you won't agree with what I'm asking, but I'm begging you to do it anyway. You love her as much as I do. Please. What I am asking of you is to beg her to leave the country. She won't want to do it, but if anyone can convince her to go it's you. I am convinced that she still loves you enough to do anything for you, even with her child and Potter. Go with her if you can. I can't impress upon you how important this all is with enough severity, even if I could tell you what is happening. Please. -HBP It took several long minutes of reading and rereading the letter for Lydia to stop feeling just a little bit numb. Convince Lily to leave the country? Lydia honestly doubted that she could do that, especially when it sounded like Severus didn't mean for Lily to take Harry with her, or James come to that. Even if Lydia thought that she was capable of convincing of Lily to do such a thing, Lydia never would have asked her to. Lydia had a lot of respect for Severus, but this letter felt so pathetic to her that it reminded her of how pathetic she was and she hated him and it and everything to do with that letter in that moment. She began wondering how best to destroy the letter, and she decided that she would burn it again, even though the regularity of that act was making it lose some of its excitement for her. The owl was ushered away and she paced the room, lighting a corner of the parchment to watch it burn slowly, rather than watching the whole thing go up at once like usual. She wanted to savor this. She wanted something to focus on that didn't make her feel helpless and alone. Sirius would be back in another hour or so, she mused as the very last corner of the parchment fell to the ground. She stomped it out, picking up the little, charred bit of parchment. For some strange reason, she wanted to keep it, unlike the ashes she vanished a moment later. For some reason, it felt right to her, having this little bit of parchment, and so she shoved it in an empty drawer at the bottom of her desk and locked it. It was the sort of thing, she mused as she finally left her study, that she would likely forget about and leave behind if/when she left Sirius. What a strange thing for him to find, eventually, when he went through her spaces to see if she left anything behind. Because he would do that, she knew, as a sort of a goodwill gesture to try to win her back. Perhaps this was what she was most afraid of, she thought as she put the kettle on for tea, trying to focus her mind on things to make for dinner but failing. Perhaps what she was really afraid of was the thought that Sirius would not just let her go when she left him, but that he would fight to win her back, in a way she knew Remus would never really have done. Remus made advances when he knew he couldn't follow through, but Sirius would make advances knowing she would never accept them in the first place. Or perhaps hoping that he would wear her down. But never mind all that, Lydia thought, pouring herself some tea and sitting to think about what she would do for dinner. What exactly was she going to do about Severus if he kept this up? Obviously he was worried about Lily, and even Dumbledore said he should be. But would he let Lydia be in the whole matter? She couldn't, should tell him exactly how Lily was being hidden. If You-Know-Who didn't know what they were using, he'd be less likely to focus his resources on Sirius, and likewise on her. Perhaps it was selfish, but as Lydia served the lasagna at dinner that night, barely able to meet Sirius's eyes as she handed him his plate, she could hardly bring herself to care. She wanted to survive this war, and she needed Lily to survive as well. Beyond that, she had a hard time mustering the care for anybody else. "I love you," he said as she was washing the dishes. He came up behind her and kissed her cheek. "I want to thank you for being so understanding and strong about this." Lydia wasn't strong. She said nothing. She just let him hold her and thought of all the things that could go terribly wrong when she would likely have to leave.
Things had been tense between Lydia and Sirius ever since Lily and Harry were disallowed to leave the house. James was granted one last trip over to see Sirius and Lydia toward the end of July, and then Lydia wouldn't see them again until…probably never. Whenever the war was over, her friends had said. So never. They had only Remus and Peter as occasional company, and it wasn't doing well for the tension. "Lydia?" she heard Sirius call from the bathroom. "Can you answer that?" There was a knock on the door, and she knew it must be James. She checked his identity first with a few quick questions before letting him in. "Sirius is at the mirror," she said, teasing. "Would you like some tea?" "I'd love some, thanks," James said, beaming. It was an ordinary day by all accounts, except that Lydia knew that this day meant so much more to James. It was his last trip outside the walls of his Godric's Hollow cottage, his last day as a semi-free man before Dumbledore would start putting up the heftier enchantments in anticipation of the Fidelus Charm. A few visitors would be allowed – not Lydia – but James would no longer be allowed to leave. Lydia made the tea and started to ask if James would like a biscuit when Sirius came in, so pleased to see his best friend in a way that made Lydia feel like she was intruding on something very personal. "I'll just get the parcels, then," she said, smiling forcibly. "If you boys want biscuits, there's a tin in the third drawer from the left." Leaving the room felt like a breath of fresh air, and she went to the hall closet where she and Sirius had been stashing all gifts for Harry's upcoming birthday that were being given by them, Remus, and Peter. It was a large assortment, most of which were bought by Sirius. A first birthday was a very important milestone, Sirius had insisted. Never mind that Harry would not actually remember any of it, and would probably break the vast majority of the gifts within the first month. When Lydia had gathered the twelve – yes, twelve – different parcels in a way she could carry, she brought them into the kitchen. "You'll have to Floo back, I expect," she told James apologetically. "The godfather went a bit overboard this year." "As I should have," Sirius said with mock-defensiveness. "It's his first birthday after all. Firsts should be celebrated." For some reason, Lydia thought of their first time together, the party they went to afterwards, and wondered if the smile he was giving her, that knowing smile, had anything to do with that. She hoped not. It was starting to get harder and harder to deal with his attempts to be sweet with her. "Well, I can still Floo until tomorrow morning, so that's fine," James said with a smile. "They're cutting off your Floo as well?" Lydia asked, confused. "Isn't that a lot of trouble to turn back on again?" Were they preparing for a more permanent arrangement than everyone seemed to be trying to convince her of? "Relax, love," Sirius said, kissing her hair. She didn't want him to kiss her hair. She wanted a reason to leave right then and there and move in with the Potters for the remainder of their hiding. Except she couldn't do that to Lily. "It's just while the cottage is vulnerable. Dumbledore's turning it off until the spell is about to be performed. Then it will go back again. We've got people in the office we need." Of course they had people in the Ministry to do all Dumbledore's bidding. How could Lydia have ever thought otherwise? She smiled at James. "How is Harry?" Not that she especially cared, but she knew it was better than letting herself get caught in a conversation about anything else. It was hard, even when irritated, to be cruel about small children. Lydia didn't want to say anything cruel. "He's doing well," James said happily. He spent literally the next three hours telling them stories about Harry's every breath, movement, and sound. Sirius was an excellent, attentive listener. Although he did listen to her, it was never like this. Lydia wondered if she wasn't a bit ridiculous, feeling jealous of a child not yet one year old, but then, the way Sirius's eyes lit up every time James said Harry's name… No, she would never be as important to Sirius as Harry, in spite of the fact that she knew she could get Sirius do to just about anything if she asked the right way. As James was gathering up the parcels to take back to Godric's Hollow, the sickening truth hit Lydia. If she asked Sirius, at this point, to leave the country with her, he wouldn't go. He wouldn't want to be so far away from Harry, from James, from the people he would constantly be able to see and she would be separated from. In that moment, as Sirius was helping James at the fireplace in the next room, Lydia began to dig her fingernails into her upper arms, trying not to feel resentful, angry. It wasn't as if he didn't love her, and did it really matter if he did when she didn't? Obviously he wasn't going to be spending so much time with her once she left him, and that was coming ever closer. She was angry with Sirius. She felt betrayed. He came back in the room and she stared down at the tile on the floor, contemplating ripping it up just to see what it looked like underneath. Anything to not look at Sirius when she was so enraged. She didn't like this feeling inside of her. It was too strong over such a petty thing. She felt dirty, like she'd done something awful. "Well, James is gone," he sighed. His voice was full of depression. Would he mourn so much when she left him? Lydia just stared at the tile. "Are you okay?" he asked, sitting beside her, putting an arm around her waist. She fought to urge to move out of his reach, but her body's tensing gave away part of her discomfort. "What's the matter, love? Is it because of James leaving?" "Of course not," Lydia sighed, standing and walking toward the bedroom. "Lydia." She did not respond. She wanted to curl up in the bottom of the shower and let cold water pour over her until she died of something. Except she didn't want to die. But she had no desire to ever leave the shower, at least not while she was standing in the bedroom thinking about the scenario. "Lydia, talk to me," Sirius said. He was in the bedroom now, the door closing behind him, but she was already in the bathroom, taking off her socks, tossing them behind her. "What are you doing?" "Showering." "You had a shower three hours ago." "I'm showering again." "What the fuck is wrong with you?" She turned and looked at him, her eyes wide and a feeling of disgust and self-loathing in her stomach. "Excuse me?" she demanded. In her head, this had sounded far less confrontational. It had been conversational at worst, something that was supposed to politely alert him to the fact that she didn't like where this conversation was going and she would like to be left alone to die in the shower, thank-you-very-much. Instead, it came out something more like she was outraged, feeling a sassiness she'd never actually felt before, and wanted to punch him in the face for some strange reason. His eyes widened and he took a startled step backward. "What is going on with you?" he said softly. "It's like you've gone mad. Is it Remus?" Lydia snorted and pulled off her top. "Not everything has to do with Remus," she said dismissively, turning away from him. "Just because he came over for tea last week doesn't mean I've decided to elope with him." "Have you?" "No," Lydia snapped. "Just leave me alone, Sirius. I want to shower." "Not until you tell me what this is all about!" He moved swiftly into the bathroom and turned her around as she was letting her skirt fall to the ground. In his gray eyes she could see swirling clearly a pained and confused picture of anger and lust. "What do you want me to say?" she said softly. His fingertips seemed to act of their own accord, tracing up her bare side while his eyes did not tear away from hers. "I really don't have anything to say to you." He pursed his lips together as she unsnapped her bra and let it fall off her arms to the floor. She felt strangely defiant, standing there in front of him, virtually naked. She couldn't tell if this was a good feeling or a bad one as she stared up at his eyes, which were growing increasingly lustful the longer they stood there. Lydia did know that she didn't want him to want her in that moment. She was angry. "Is it about the Secret-Keeping?" he said softly, obviously trying to calm her down so they could have sex after a very brief talk. Lydia wasn't interested. "Let go of me," she said, swatting at his hand, but he just moved closer. "Lydia, I promise you, nothing bad is going to happen." "You can't promise that!" she shrieked, backing away from him into the shower. He followed her. "Stop it, Sirius! Just leave me alone!" Sirius took another startled step backwards. She never spoke to him like this, and he slipped on her bra, nearly hitting his head on the bathroom wall. She blinked at him, horrified. If he'd not caught his fall with his quick reflexes, he could have hurt himself quite severely, perhaps even died if he'd hit at the wrong angle, and all because she'd shouted at him. Lydia didn't like this place, this game, all the morbidity her mind was in because of this war. It was standing there, nearly naked in the shower, shivering with a bit of cold and a lot of fear and looking down at a stunned Sirius that she realized why she could never love him: she had all the power, but none of the control. Sirius was more or less helpless when she wanted something from him, and more than a little bit helpless when he wanted something from her. But Lydia could not figure out how to use this in a way that benefited them both, or even just him. She shook her head and frowned to herself. "I don't want you to do it," she said softly. She knew it wouldn't make a difference. He'd already committed to Lily and James. But if he even expressed a hint of regret, that perhaps if she had spoken up sooner he would have asked them to find somebody else, perhaps she could learn to love him then. He just shook his head and squinted a little at her. "Lydia, you know I have to do it." She waited, expecting him to say that he wished he could back out of it, for her sake. "You know I want to do it. Nothing else would make sense, anyway. Why are you being like this?" She couldn't find words. She sank to the floor of the shower, closed the shower door, and didn't bother turning on the water before she began to cry. "Lydia, please," he said, sighing. "Be reasonable and just talk to me." After about an hour he gave up, leaving her in the bathroom, where she fell asleep. She had refused dinner, but somehow the following morning, she woke up – still mostly naked – in their bed, the covers tucked around her. She poked her head out to see that Sirius had slept on the sofa, and she felt guilt in her stomach. Even knowing she couldn't love him, even knowing that perhaps she shouldn't, she felt so guilty in that moment that she would have to leave. She began planning her inquiries for a place to stay the following day, while Sirius was out doing something for the Order. On Harry's birthday, Sirius changed dramatically toward her, becoming loving and affectionate once more, to the extent that she didn't know quite what to make of him. "Sirius?" she asked, frowning. "What's got you so pleased? Is it Harry?" "Oh, no," he said cheerfully. "We just had a really good meeting today." "Anything you're allowed to talk about?" It didn't take Lydia long to realize what it was that had him so pleased when he began to talk about the inane, superfluous details that he could share with her about this meeting. Remus had left again, supposedly on his unknown mission, and no one knew for how long. Lydia felt a pang of annoyance when she realized that Sirius was still angry and bitter about her being in love with Remus. She would quicken her search and shoot for November to close on the deal. She wanted to be out of there faster. When Sirius left the following day for a long mission – "Don't wait up tonight, love." – she met with a real estate agent. "Lovely to see you again, Miss Rowe," the man said, his teeth too white and straight. She frowned a little. "I'm afraid I haven't turned up anything to your specifications yet. London's very expensive, you know." "Yes, I know," she said softly, trying to make herself smile. "But I also live in London and I know I've given you a very reasonable asking price for my specifications. So I'm surprised that in such a large city we still have nothing that's turned up." His smile faltered a little bit. "Well, they're asking a bit out of your price range right now, but I'll see if I can bargain them down a bit more." "Do." "Would you like to expand your search to some nearby wizarding communities?" "I'm looking for a flat, sir," she said, frowning a little. "I'm not interested in property. I would have thought I'd made that clear the last time I came in." "Of course, of course. Well, I'll see what I can do about the bargaining. Check back in, say, in another two weeks?" Lydia thought about the schedule Sirius knew of thus far. "Make it three," she said softly. She parted ways with the realtor and went to her latest publishing promise, a lunch meeting in Diagon Alley. "I have to say," the young woman sent by the office said, smiling, "we're all very impressed with your work. Have you thought of becoming an academic?" Lydia blinked. "Why?" "Well, I just know that people who like to work at a more leisurely pace like you tend to like a more steady income to support their pace," the woman said kindly. "I've thought of it myself, you know, if I ever get properly published." Lydia was bored of this woman, but she decided to play along for the sake of her own work. "Oh, you write?" "Yes," the woman said with a small, thoughtful frown on her orange-painted lips. "Yes, I've been trying to get published for my studies on magical creatures for some time. I think I've made some headway about werewolves, you know. They're more dangerous than people even realize." Lydia forced a polite, vague smile and gripped at her skirt, fighting the urge to slap this woman across her over-made-up face. This was the sort of woman bent on making Remus's life harder, more miserable. This was the sort of woman who kept Remus from wanting to be with Lydia… "for her own good." "Is that so?" Lydia said, her voice tight. She would have to ask the publishing company to send someone less idiotic and bigoted next time or she'd find someone else to work with. She'd already gone through a few different publishers and couldn't afford too many jumps, but she was well-thought-of enough at this point to get by with making a demand or two. "Well, I'm afraid I disagree with you there, having known a werewolf or two myself, but then, I'm an Arithmancer, not a Creature specialist." The idiotic woman looked like she was startled by this news and was about to ask Lydia something awful, like whether she could interview the people Lydia had met, but Lydia didn't want to go there. She cut across the beginnings of the woman's question and said, "Now, tell your boss that I'll try to have something very soon. It's still along the specifications that I gave him. I'd like to have a…payment quote sometime in the next month." She tried to think of how best to word her next demand. "And I'll let you know, around November or so, if I'll need the advance he's dangling on the table in order to finish the article." The odious woman nodded and made a note of these qualifiers with a rapidly moving hand. Her blood-red nails had a sinister sheen that made Lydia think of Remus once more. Sirius didn't trust her, not even to have tea with Remus. He would rather Remus be off somewhere dangerous where no one could reach him then safely having tea with her. The woman left after a brief, sycophantic word of parting, and Lydia worked on relaxing her hands, relaxing her mind before attempting to Apparate back to Sirius's house. She knew he would not admit it out loud unless she really pressed him, but he didn't trust her. Perhaps he shouldn't trust her, with all the times she really had tried to get Remus to take her away, but Lydia was confident that Sirius didn't know about those. So there was really no reason for him to expect her to leave him for Remus now. Except perhaps he could feel her drifting away from him, and assumed it was Remus. Perhaps he was trying to hold on with all the desperation he possessed, in the only ways he knew how. Lydia's anger melted into guilt and she decided to have one more cup of tea before she headed back to make him dinner.
Sorting out her affairs was stressful in many ways, but it also felt incredibly liberating. Lydia could spend so much time away from the house that was beginning to suffocate her, and she could see the world around her. Diagon Alley, which had become more or less a ghost strip of shops because of the war and how dangerous everything was, lit up again in August to almost its former glory with children gathering their things for school and people who felt it would be safe now if ever because there were so many people. Lydia felt the opposite. Lydia thought it would be less safe with so many people gathered in one place, but it didn't stop her from going. Rarely did she think about her own safety when she wasn't cooped up and left alone, and then she thought of it constantly. She was just leaving the apothecary and contemplating getting a couple of books she'd read about at Flourish and Blotts when someone grabbed her arm and pulled her into a less visible spot. Even the fell of his hand on her wrist was strangely familiar and comforting and Lydia followed Severus without question or even a moment of fear. "Why haven't you left the country?" he demanded. Lydia was startled by the very real fear in his voice. She'd never seen Severus like this before. "How many times do I have to beg you to leave before you finally realize how unsafe it is for you to stay here?" "I'm not leaving the country, Sev," Lydia whispered, looking up into his wide black eyes. "I'm just not. I can't. All my friends…. Lily is staying, so I'm staying." Lily, and Remus and Severus and even James. What was there for her anywhere else in the world? "You're not safe," he hissed. "None of you are safe. You especially…. I…." Lydia could feel such pain in his voice and she wanted to tell him that she was leaving Sirius in a matter of months, that she was going to be independent, and what more could he want? Except she knew that didn't make her any more safe. In fact, it could put her in a considerable amount more danger. She wouldn't have all the protections on Sirius's house anymore, and she would essentially be fending for herself. Part of her knew she should ask Severus to help her fortify her house, but part of her knew that she ought to not say a word. She trusted him, but Severus wasn't perfect. He could make a mistake as easily as the next man. Perhaps more easily, the state he was in. "You cannot trust anyone," Severus said darkly. "Please, Lydia. Leave." "I won't," Lydia said softly. "Tell me, Severus, who is the spy? Please, just tell me who it is so I know who to avoid. I won't even say anything to Sirius or Dumbledore or anyone. It's not my war." Severus gave her a small, bitter sort of smile. "It's everyone's war, Lydia. Whether they want it or not." She stared at him for a few long moments, not really sure how to respond to that. "Severus, please tell me who it is." "You know I can't." "You really shouldn't be warning me either, but-" "Lydia, I can't. Please. Just, trust no one." She frowned at him and shook her head. "You keep saying that, but it doesn't mean anything. I can't survive if I don't trust anyone at all-" "You can if you leave," Severus hissed. He squeezed her wrist a little, but not hard enough to leave a bruise – she hoped. "You have to leave. Please." Lydia considered him for a long moment again, and then she asked in her most level voice, "Am I in some sort of immediate danger, Sev? Are they waiting for me to return right now? Is Bellatrix sitting on my front doorstep?" Severus hesitated. "No," he finally said. "No, nothing like that. Not yet." "Should I expect such dangers in the next couple of months?" He hesitated again. It made her sick to watch him and wait for his answers. How much was he actually allowed to tell her? He seemed to be weighing this very question. "October or November," he said slowly. "I don't know…I don't know a date. And I won't be able to jump away and help you, Lydia. If all goes as planned, I'll be tied up with other things." October was sooner than she would have expected, and she blinked and looked down at her toes for a moment. Lydia nibbled on the inside of her lip, trying to think if maybe she wasn't being a bit slow with her preparations. But it was too late now, since there was absolutely no way she'd be leaving the country. "I have to go," he said darkly. "I have to go, but promise me you'll…you'll think on it?" "Of course," Lydia said earnestly. She would think on it constantly. She wouldn't be able to help but think on it. But she wouldn't likely leave any sooner. She could, her real estate man had told her, be into a new place by early November, easily. They even had some prospective flats in mind. It was the haggling that would take some time. October would probably be too soon, but November was plausible. "Take care of yourself, Severus." He gave her a sad, faraway smile and actually kissed her cheek. "Please stay safe, Lydia," he whispered. She watched him walk down Knockturn Alley and heard the crack of Disapparition, feeling an emptiness settle in her stomach before feeling suddenly open and exposed in Diagon Alley. She headed straight back to Sirius's house from there, glad he wasn't home yet, throwing herself into making dinner to keep from thinking about all the things that had just happened in such a short span of time. And time seemed to slip away faster than she could allow herself to feel comfortable with. About a week later, Lydia was making dinner when she got a letter from Severus. She was surprised that he didn't even bother to code it, but the news in included chilled her. Lydia, I bear bad news, I'm afraid. You will no doubt learn, within the matter of a week at most, that Regulus Black is dead. He is presumed dead. I do not know the details, but suffice it to say that if he's not dead yet he will be by the time it is announced. This will put Black in a very interesting situation. He will inherit, despite being disowned. The ancient wizarding laws are binding in ways that even Walburga Black cannot change. He is the last male heir. Only if he dies will things shift to Bellatrix Lestrange. Obviously, there is more involved than just this. But I cannot speak of it. I would try again to impress upon you the importance of leaving Black, but at this point I think you're going to do what you're going to do and there's little I can say about it. There is one other thing I feel I ought to tell you. Nothing urgent, mind. Just news. Slughorn has retired, as you may have read in the paper if you still read such drivel. I have been working out terms for some time now, but I have accepted a position at Hogwarts in his place. I'll be the new Potions Master. I will confess to you that it is not the job I applied for. I wanted to be the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. But we can't always have what we want in life, can we? In any case, I will be at Hogwarts ceaselessly until next summer, beginning a few days before September. That is why I will not be able, I regret, to help you should you require my help this fall. Please take care of yourself. I hope very much that I will be able to see you again come summer. -Severus Lydia read the letter four times before she forced herself to burn it. There was just so much….so much going on. She wasn't sure what she was going to do when Sirius read about Regulus in the paper, as he was sure to do. Although she wasn't certain that the inheritance would change anything for her. She was fairly certain that it wouldn't. Regulus's portion would go to Sirius, and she was not Sirius's wife, thankfully. The strangest thing about the letter was the fact that Dumbledore had hired Severus to work at Hogwarts. Dumbledore was not a stupid man. He knew what Severus was, who he worked for. She had half a mind to go find the man that moment and ask him if he'd gone mad. Obviously You-Know-Who wanted him there, so why was Dumbledore obliging this? Why was he giving the Death Eaters a foothold at Hogwarts? Sure, he hadn't given the Defense job to Severus, and Lydia was more than a little relieved about that. There was the practical side of things, where Severus would not be tempted into…his Death Eater behaviors. But there was also the fact that as far as anyone could tell, the job was actually cursed. Not every Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher died. Some left after a year for other reasons. But given the war, given Severus's place in the war, Lydia was glad that she didn't have that extra thing to worry about. The risk didn't seem one worth taking, to her. Besides, he was a Potions Master. Who better to take that position vacated by the only other living Potions Master in Britain than Severus? Lydia finished making dinner, the letter still spinning over and over in her mind. She would not see him again until next June at soonest. So much would change by then. She would no longer be with Sirius, which Severus would no doubt be proud of. She would be living on her own, working at publishing regularly to keep her income consistent with what she needed to support herself. She would not have seen Lily for months. She would be…lonely. She would be utterly lonely. But if Lydia could survive for a little while, perhaps Sirius would tell her where Lily and James were so she could see them again, or perhaps Remus would realize that she wanted to be with him and it was okay, so they would be together again. Well, not again. They'd not actually been together before. She heard Sirius's motorbike an hour later and finished pouring wine for dinner. The most she could do for the moment was her best not to upset Sirius while she was making her arrangements. It was all she could manage, and it was a lot. "Hello, lovely," he said, kissing her cheek and sitting down. "Wash your hands," she reminded him, nodding toward the sink. He stuck his tongue out at her playfully, but did as asked. "Tell me about your article you're working on, then," he said happily as he helped himself to the potatoes. And Lydia found it a bit easier to smile when talking about her research, even though she knew Sirius only had a vague understanding of what she was telling him. He seemed to enjoy hearing about it, anyway. A tightness filled her stomach as she spoke, realizing that when the news reached him about Regulus he would be unbearably unhappy. Their happiness lasted for literally a week. Severus had been almost prophetic in how long it would take for the news to pick up on the story, or for the story to be leaked to the news, or however it was that had worked. Lydia frowned down at the paper, almost thinking of hiding it, but Sirius would have to see it sooner or later. She heard him coming out of the bedroom and set the paper down casually on the table, quickly turning to make tea. "Morning, lovely," Sirius said, the smile evident in his voice. Lydia said a quick greeting and felt his lips press to her cheek as she poured his tea. "There you go," she said, turning to the eggs she was frying while he turned to the table. Lydia could feel her heart racing and she didn't know what to do. Should she warn him before he-? The sound of the tea cup shattering on the floor and Sirius howling as the hot tea splattered on his foot caused Lydia to wince in actual physical pain. She scurried to clean up the mess to avoid looking at Sirius. "Did you see this?" he said in a voice so soft it made her shiver. The only time he spoke like that was when they were in bed and he could purr in her ear in a voice that was scarcely more than a breath and be sure she would hear it. It was startling to hear such a voice in a time like this. "Did you see…?" "Yes." She stood up straight, still looking away from him. What good would it do, what good would anything she could say do in this time of grief? "Look at me," Sirius demanded, that same soft, small voice, and she looked up into his eyes to see that they were full of pain. Had this been what her eyes looked like when she saw her parent's bodies? Had this been how her eyes looked when she cried herself silent after Mary's death? Her stomach turned with revulsion, although she couldn't be sure if it was herself or Sirius she was revolted with. "This is my fault, isn't it?" he said, and his voice was still unnervingly soft. "I didn't…I didn't do…. I should have saved him." Lydia blinked at him for a moment, then actually gave a nervous laugh. "Sirius, what would you have saved him from? You-Know-Who? Your parents? Himself? You couldn't have done any of that. He wasn't of age. They never would have let you go peacefully if you took him along, and you know he wouldn't have wanted to go. And you might be brilliant, but you're no match for You-Know-Who. He wanted your brother dead for whatever reason. There was nothing you could do about it." He blinked back at her for a long stretch of moments, and finally he said, "He was trying to leave. He must have been. Why else would they have killed him?" Lydia could think of a dozen reasons. And really, You-Know-Who didn't need any reasons at all. Before she could think of anything to say in response, however, she was surprised to find Sirius pushing her against the counter, his lips desperately pressed to hers, his hands insistent on her neck. She couldn't understand what he was doing, and then she felt his tears fall onto her face as he kissed her with such desperation. He was grieving, in a way that she should have expected Sirius to grieve, perhaps. At another time, Lydia might not have minded, might have succumbed quickly to what was probably a harmless way of grieving, and perhaps even a healthy one. But knowing she would be leaving in a matter of months, knowing that the nights they would spend together were limited, was it fair to let him lose himself in sex at this point? All she was waiting for was for her affairs to be lined up and to know that she would be secure without him. What sort of state would he be in, knowing that one of their last memories together would be this grieving, tainted by the question of whether she had known then that she was leaving? But he actually sobbed against her mouth and she felt her resolve break. It was just one time, one more time, one more memory. They'd had sex a thousand times. This one time didn't have to mean anything more or less when she was gone. And right then, he needed her. Lydia wrapped her arms around his neck, submitting to the kiss, feeling his desperate energy renew as he began to run his fingertips under the hem of her shirt. Even knowing that she didn't love him, couldn't love him, was about to leave him, it was entirely too simple to lose herself in the sensation of Sirius making love to her. She could hear the eggs sizzling on the skillet and she knew that they would burn, could even smell them reaching their peak, knowing they would begin to burn any minute, but she could hardly bring herself to care as Sirius's lips traced down the front of her throat. After all, she would only have a few more months of days like this. When they had finished, lying down on the cool tile of the kitchen floor, the eggs were properly burning and Lydia was trying to summon the energy to care. "They'll burn the house down," Sirius grunted, kissing her forehead and lifting himself long enough to take care of the eggs before lying down beside her again, wrapping his body around her, holding her so tightly she wondered if maybe he didn't sense a little bit that she was slipping away from him slowly but surely. "We should make breakfast," she muttered into his shoulder. They should make breakfast, yes, but Sirius didn't move, didn't let her move. Whether or not he had some sense of her leaving him soon, Sirius did seem to need her, did seem to feel that she might not always be with him. Perhaps it was the reminder that people he loved could die, that they weren't all as secure as Lily and James. For a long while as he played with her hair and punctuated long, silent moments with kisses on her skin, Lydia thought he might ask her to run away, to go into hiding with him…something. Anything. And she was glad that he asked no such things. She wouldn't have known how to answer.
"Nearly time," Sirius sighed, sitting down at the dinner table. Lydia's head jerked up to look at him, still a bit dirty from whatever mission he'd been put on. Nearly time for…? For a brief moment she was horrified that he might know that her own affairs were nearly in order, that she was a little over a month away from being able to move out cleanly, to leave Sirius and all that went with such a move. Then, however, he said, "They're going to have to stay put from now on. Bathilda's doing their shopping for the moment, but I'll have to start bringing them their shopping once it happens." Lily and James. He was talking about the Potters, about their Fidelus Charm. Was it really so close? But they'd reached the last week of September, Lydia realized. How had that happened so quickly? "When do you think?" she asked softly. Sirius didn't seem to notice that she was upset, digging into his steak-and-kidney pie. "Oh, a week or two. Dumbledore will let me know." There was something wrong with the way he was talking about this. He was too jolly about their best friends being locked away for Merlin knows how long. "Are you…enjoying this?" He quirked a confused eyebrow at her. "The dinner?" he said, his voice full of confusion with just a tint of amusement. "Of course, love. It's delicious, and I've worked up quite an appetite." Lydia wanted to retort that he'd missed the point entirely, but she just shook her head, looking down at her own half-touched food. Perhaps it was delicious, but she was in no mood to enjoy anything now that she'd been reminded that the spell was about to go up, before she could leave, before she could do what she needed to do where Sirius was concerned. She would still be able to write to Lily, but it wouldn't be the same. "Could we go and visit them?" Lydia asked, sure that her desperation was plain in her voice. "Just one last time before…." Sirius frowned slightly, chewing and swallowing before saying, "Love, you know I'd take you if I could, but Dumbledore's expressly forbidden it. Is there anything you want me to pass along to them?" No. There was nothing. She had nothing to say to Lily that Sirius could hear, could know about, could possibly read before delivering. "It's nothing like that," she lied. "I just…. But I suppose if it's impossible, then it's impossible." Sirius must have been exhausted from his work to not sense the tension in the room. He turned back to his food like nothing had happened, like she wasn't sitting across from him absolutely fuming inside, absolutely desperate to not let this happen. But she was going to leave him soon anyway. She had no right to ask anything of him, to make any sort of demands. She had no right at all. But sitting there, she felt as though she had all the right in the world to beg him to break the rules. The words did not leave her throat, though, and she took a few deep, calming breaths to keep from screaming. Those two months she had until she left felt both suffocatingly short and excruciatingly long all at once. She blinked back a few tears and ran over the plan of her soon-to-be apartment in her mind. It wasn't cheap, but she'd bargained down the price considerably. Nobody wanted to live on their own anymore, not with the Death Eaters on the loose, and killing whole families often as not. "D'you feel all right?" Sirius asked when he'd eaten his full and leaned back in his chair. He was glancing with a worried expression at her half-touched plate of food. "You really ought to eat more than that." "M'fine," Lydia said, not sure if she was lying or not. Sirius didn't seem to believe her, so perhaps she was lying. "D'you want me to check your temperature?" "I could do it myself if I wanted, Sirius. I don't have a temperature. I'm not ill." Sirius was still disbelieving, and so in a small fit of annoyance Lydia got up and began to clear the table. He let her get the table half-clear before he said, "Lydia will you sit down and talk to me?" "If I don't take care of the food," she said levelly, "it's going to spoil. I'll talk to you when I've finished." "Promise?" She gave a bit of a bitter laugh. "It's not like I've got anywhere to run, is it?" He left the kitchen grumbling under his breath about how she could just run off to the shower again, but she tried her best to ignore him. She could feel a fight coming on between them, and she couldn't see any reasonable way to avoid it this time, and it felt so petty, knowing she would be gone soon. But the rage inside of her was so real, so strong, that she knew it would be pointless to try to avoid. She finished clearing the table and quickly washing the dishes and paced the kitchen for a long moment trying to calm herself. There was no calm to be found. There was nothing but boiling anger. And Lydia didn't want to be angry at Sirius, or Dumbledore, or even You-Know-Who. Her life was hard enough without feeling such rage. After she knew she could put it off no longer, Lydia left the kitchen, pausing to listen until she could hear the sound of Sirius pacing their bedroom, obviously still upset that she wouldn't drop everything and have a fight with him. He had to know that they were about to have a fight. He couldn't be that daft. Lydia cautiously opened the door to the bedroom and watched him pace for a few moments before entering and closing the door behind her. She instantly wished she hadn't closed the door. His attention snapped to her immediately at the sound. He froze and stared at her, and she felt trapped, like a caged animal. "You wanted to talk?" she said as smoothly as she could manage. "Lydia, what is wrong with you today?" he asked. So they were going to be confrontational right out of the gate. She tried to keep her face smooth as she sat down on the foot of the bed. This was part of why she was leaving. Perhaps she couldn't love him because of things like this, because of their conflicts like this. She took a steadying breath as he rounded on her again. "Will you bloody say something?" "I would appreciate it," she said coolly, "if you wouldn't speak to me like that." "Like…?" "Like I'm less than you." This was a bold move, but it would help make the separation easier if they had a fight or two like this. Maybe he would even take it well. "I know Lily and James like you better, and I know that you're more important and intelligent than me, but that doesn't make me less than you." He took a startled step backwards. "What are you on about?" She simply looked at him, feeling like she was looking down at herself from a distance, sure that she had her mother's glassy-eyed expression of being well past caring. He just stared at her in a sort of horror and slowly his face seemed to gather some kind of understanding. "Is this because they chose me to be a godfather? Because they chose me to be Secret-Keeper?" Before she could stop herself, she flinched at that horrible compound word. His eyes widened with understanding and gave a bitter, hollow laugh before pacing again frantically across the floor. "You honestly think," he said coldly, "that I would have let them make you Secret-Keeper?" Lydia felt her mouth twisting in anger and she spat out, "You don't own me, Sirius. You don't get to make those sorts of decisions for me. What would have been wrong with it?" "Do you have any idea what sort of danger it is?" he demanded, rounding on her again, his whole body seeming far more imposing than she could ever remember it seeming. "Do you not understand how they would hunt you down, torture you…? I couldn't live with losing you, Lydia. I would not let you do that." "You don't let me do anything, Sirius," Lydia said furiously, standing, wanting to get away but not knowing where to go. She really couldn't run to Lily and James, and if she ran to Remus…. Was Remus even back yet? No, no good could come of that. She could lock herself up in her study, but Sirius wasn't in a mood to give her space. He'd break down the door if he had to, to get her to talk with him, even though talking wasn't doing either of them any good at all. "What's that supposed to mean?" he demanded. "No, don't look away from me. What are you talking about? I let you do all sorts of things." But she just shook her head. He would never understand. She didn't want to tell him, and he would never understand, so she just stared at his knees to keep from looking at her own lap. It made her feel less like a child being scolded by her father. Sirius sat down beside her, sighing, running his hands through his long, silky black hair. "Why do I feel like everything's slipping away from me?" he muttered, more to himself than to Lydia. "Nothing used to be like this. We never used to fight like this. Everything was perfect." Just because I never said didn't mean it was perfect you poor, naïve man, she thought, swallowing the words before she could find herself in a tight spot. Less than two months and she could leave, and she wouldn't have to swallow words. For some reason, she had a thought of Severus in that moment, and she had an urge to visit him, but it couldn't possibly be safe for her to do so, not when everything seemed to be turning to hell at once. "I can't go back on my word, Lydia," he said in measured tones she barely recognized as his. "You have to understand why I have to do this." She understood. That was never the problem. What he couldn't possibly understand was her jealousy, was her longing to be the one chosen to be Secret-Keeper. So what if it wasn't practical? Lily and James would live, if nothing else, and she would be free to see Lily whenever she wanted, and Sirius would perhaps even get to mourn her as his lost loved one, which she suspected he would prefer to knowing that Lydia never loved him. It was morbid, but everything would be so much easier that way. "I just don't like not being able to see them," she said softly. It wasn't the whole of it, but it was the most she could say, and they were nearing reconciliation. A fight or two was good for them, she knew. It would make the split easier. She kept repeating this to herself, over and over. "I know, love," Sirius sighed, finally calming as he slipped his arm around her waist. "I know it's hard. But it's the best we can do for them. I promise you I've done everything I can for them." Lydia closed her eyes, feeling his fingertips as they touched her skin, then feeling them begin to trace along her skin in small spirals, spirals which became shapes, shapes which became an upward trajectory up her torso underneath her shirt. As he neared the wire under her bra she could hear Sirius's breath became labored and she closed her eyes more tightly. She wanted his hand to continue, but wanted his breath to stop doing that. Didn't he know it was a bad idea for them to do this? The fight had been good for them, but Lydia relaxed her closed eyes as Sirius's lips touched her neck. Perhaps a time or two more wouldn't hurt, in the end. She didn't want him to think she was still mad at him, and the way his tongue was tracing the column of her throat…. Lydia let Sirius lay her down on the bed, let him take the lead in undressing them. It was like making up, and they had to do that, right? Of course they did. She couldn't spend more than a month living with him without speaking to him, not when everything else was nearly unbearable. Lydia realized that this might actually be something she would miss, feeling his skin on her skin, hearing him whisper her name with such devotion that for a moment she would think that she was still trying to fall in love with him. When she submitted herself to the world of sensation that existed in their sheets she almost could convince herself that it was still possible to fall in love with him. But as soon as she came down off her high, curled up in his arms, she wanted as far away from him as possible. Still, Lydia let him hold her tight against him, wrapping around her, suffocating her all over again. Sirius's eyes were flickering shut. He was sleepy after the meal and the mission and the fight and the sex. The war was wearing on him in ways Lydia knew she couldn't possibly understand. If she could feed him a truth serum and interrogate him about his fears she suspected that they would largely mirror hers in some way or another, except he would be terrified of losing her, and she was finding herself more and more excited to leave him. "You're so wonderful," he muttered, pressing his lips to her breast, which he was resting his face against. "So…perfect." Lydia closed her eyes tightly, wishing she could un-hear that word. Perfect. Lydia wasn't sure it meant anything anymore, perfect. It was an imaginary concept, something that could never be. If perfect was real, Remus would love her and she would be in his arms and Lily and James wouldn't have to hide. If perfect was real, Lydia would be allowed to be friends with Severus and have him for tea and no one would be in any danger by it. Perfect was a fairytale, and Lydia brushed her fingers through Sirius's hair as he began to doze, her mind fashioning a perfect world. She couldn't find a place for Sirius in the perfect world, though. Was there a space for him as her friend? Could she even begin to think of him in that way now, now that they had spent years sharing a bed? She felt old, feeling his breath on her skin in a steady, rhythmic pattern. Imagining herself as seventeen again was nearly impossible. She could scarcely remember her life and how different it had been, and yet it had only been a few years ago. There would be no place in her life for Sirius Black when she left. There would be no room for a man who loved her that she could not love back, and she knew they could never go back to being friends. Perhaps someday they would learn to be civil again, someday if the war was over and they were alive and Lily and James forced them to be around each other. She could almost imagine the fights they would have in the meantime, the drunken screaming they would exchange when their friends weren't around to witness. Lydia had never imagined that she would be able to fight with Sirius, but she could scarcely recall anymore that there had been a time before the fighting started. She closed her eyes and tried to picture Sirius as a school boy, young and innocent and only eleven or twelve years old. She could picture the Hogwarts uniform clear as day. She could see his hair at the length he kept it then, not too far from his chin-line. Lydia could even sort of see his eyes sparkling with the harmless mischief of youth. But when she tried to picture his face with the pleasant, smooth, carefree glow of childhood all she could picture was the man lying beside her, the weight he'd lost since school, the angles that had grown around his high cheekbones, the scars and wrinkles that marred his skin and reminded everyone that he was fighting in a terrible, gruesome war. At twelve, they had all been more or less happy. Even Severus still had Lily as a friend, had some hope of happiness in his future, even if that future only stretched into tomorrow. Lydia's eyelids grew heavy and she felt her chest getting tight as she thought of all the things she should have done along the way, all the ways she could have maintained some of the innocence and optimism. There was no use in it, though. Lydia knew she had been doomed, knew that once her parents died she had lost all hopes at maintaining her childhood innocence and optimism, and that the only way she could have kept even a little of it would have been running away, far away from her friends and everyone who loved her, as Severus had begged her to do. Should she have left the country? Could she have been happy, living somewhere far away, alone, knowing that she was alive, knowing that if her friends were alive the would be happy to know she was safe? It was lonely, but was it any more lonely in the end than how her life was now, desperately detaching herself from Sirius, all but not speaking with Remus, losing all hope of seeing Lily for a very long time, and in too much danger to talk to Severus? Perhaps loneliness was the inevitable outcome of war, for those who survived. Perhaps that was all there was left, when all was said and done.
Not long into October, Sirius kissed Lydia's cheek in a way that made her whole face chill. "What is it?" she asked, stepping back from the tea she had just poured, hands shaking. "What's wrong?" "Nothing's wrong," he lied with a tight voice, his eyes not meeting hers. "Sirius…" "It's done," he said sharply after a long, strained pause between them. He stirred some sugar into his tea and turned away from her. For a long moment, Lydia wasn't sure what he meant by that, but when she realized she felt a strange satisfaction that he was now feeling the pain she felt at the event. The Charm was done. Sirius was now a Secret-Keeper and Lily and James were safe. Other than the satisfaction at Sirius's pain, Lydia found that she felt a surprising lack of anything. She simply watched him make himself a sandwich and wondered if this moment would change anything. But nothing really changed. Instead of going for Order meetings and missions every time he left her alone, Sirius would sometimes – frequently, even – make trips to see the Potters. He'd ask if she had anything she wanted to send along, and Lydia always said no. She took advantage of his unfair time with their friends to sort out her affairs, and she was on the verge of leaving, just looking, waiting, for the right moment. They had not had sex in two weeks, but Sirius hadn't seemed to notice. He was preoccupied, perhaps afraid, perhaps constantly looking over his shoulder to make sure no one was going to hurt Lydia to get him to give up the Potters. Sirius had lost a bit of weight, and Lydia almost wished she could tell him not to worry, that she wouldn't be his concern for much longer. But she had a vision of him literally wasting away when she thought of saying that, and so she said nothing. "It's a lovely flat, Miss Rowe," her realtor had told her, showing her the place that she'd put down the money for. "You'll be free to move in on Halloween, if you so choose." Lydia hesitated. She looked around at the flat, much nicer than she would have thought she could afford, but certainly in a safe neighborhood. That was what mattered, anymore. Halloween would be a good day to leave, except she'd promised Lily that she'd make it to December, and if she couldn't at least make it to November she'd feel a bit like a failure. Halloween suddenly felt crushingly close. "I'll move in sometime on the first of November," she told the realtor. "I'll have my affairs in order by then." She signed the lease and thanked the slippery man she was glad to no longer need, and then she returned to Sirius's house and continued to pretend like nothing was wrong. Every day that Halloween came closer, Lydia felt less and less sure of leaving. She knew she couldn't love Sirius, that she would have to leave eventually anyway. Everything was in place and it was supposed to be easy, walking out. But she didn't want to think of the pain she would see him go through, the betrayal he would feel. He loved her, and she knew she was going to have to hurt him. Would it really make things easier, leaving now as opposed to later? But the game was getting harder, the lies, the silences that begged to be filled with truth. Lydia's affairs were simple. It was the leaving that would be hard. She could leave in the night, of course. Not while he was sleeping, but some night when he was on a mission. She could steal away, take all her things. Packing would be quick. All she really needed was a few changes of clothes, her toiletries, and the contents of her office. She didn't have as much as Sirius, but she had enough gold to start over fresh, on her own. But if Sirius was on a mission, that meant Lydia would be leaving without saying goodbye. What if he came back and found her missing, no explanation? What would he suspect? Would he go looking for her amongst Death Eaters? She had a horrible suspicion that he'd knock on Severus's door first, and she shuddered to think how that would end, for either man. Then again, he might knock on Remus's door. Was Remus around? Was he reachable? Lydia didn't even know anymore. Keeping track of all her friends had become so difficult and protracted. Of course, if he knocked on Remus's door he would learn fairly quickly that she wasn't there, and then she'd have two concerned men desperately searching for her. She could always leave a note. But would he believe it? And even if he did, he'd search her down, begging her to come home. And could she leave, her mind wondering what he would do when he came back to find her gone, knowing that there was a chance he might not come back at all? It would be worse than sitting up waiting for him in his house, knowing that he would at least know where to find her, that she would know he was okay. Lydia rubbed the heels of her hands into her closed eyes, her vision going white. She would have to tell him, face him, see the pain in his eyes, because at least that was better than all the wondering. She wasn't sure it would be any better, but at least she would know, and he would know, and there would be no misunderstandings. They'd had too many of those already. It was possible that he would still turn up at the door of her flat, begging for her to come home, but after years of denying him someone who really loved him, she thought she could manage to be firm with him for however long it took for the message to sink in, Merlin granting they both lived that long. He deserved to be happy. The week before Halloween, Lydia was getting used to Sirius going to see the Potters every couple of days. She had tried to point out to him that the regular visits were opening him up to attack, but he didn't seem to care. "As long as you're safe, there's nothing to worry about," he told her one night. They'd almost had a fight over that, over his irresponsibility in taking care of himself, but Lydia couldn't be bothered. After all, what right did she have, fighting with him when she was so close to breaking his heart, a little closer every day? "I'm going to visit the Potters," he declared one morning after breakfast. "And I think I'll hit Diagon Alley. Anything you want?" Lydia chewed on the inside of her lip, thinking. She couldn't ask him to pick up anything that would make him suspect she was moving out, so nothing they were stocked up on. She really didn't know…. "Chocolate," she said. Sirius laughed, kissed her cheek and said, "I guess I'll stop by Hogsmeade instead. That'll be better anyway." "Why?" He froze, staring at a spot over her left shoulder, his face falling so quickly she knew he must have lost track of it entirely. Godric's Hollow was nowhere near Hogsmeade. He couldn't say he was in the neighborhood. And there was nothing he could get there he couldn't get at Diagon Alley except for Honeydukes. "Oh, I just…. It's probably safer there, you know? Diagon Alley's gotten a bit…war-torn." All of Wizarding Britain was war-torn, so Lydia just nodded slowly, watching Sirius with a very careful eye as he rinsed his glass of pumpkin juice. "How are they?" Lydia asked casually, looking at Sirius's face. It was hard enough that she hadn't seen her best friend in what felt like years, but Sirius almost never gave her reports on the Potters when he came home except to say that they were in good spirits and safe, and that Harry seemed to grow every time he saw him. That was nothing. That was the sort of thing Lily could put in a letter. What good was it, having him check on them if he never had any news worth hearing? Sirius turned to look at her and his eyes were a little dull. He said, "They're about how you would expect them to be, Lydia. I don't…. I don't know what else you could want me to say. It's not easy, being cooped up in a house, not being able to see anyone or do anything." "I know." She'd said it without thinking, her eyes widening and her hand covering her mouth as he tilted his head at her. "What?" "Nothing," Lydia said quickly. "It's just…. I know what that's like. My parents' house, remember?" "Don't lie, Lydia," Sirius said darkly. "I don't keep you locked up in here. You're not a prisoner, you know. You're allowed to see anyone you please." "And who would I see?" she said, trying to sound light about it, like she wasn't complaining, but pointing out a bleak fact. "Lily and James are off-limits. Remus is doing Merlin knows what. I don't really talk to Peter. I don't have anyone anymore, Sirius. All my friends are off-limits or dead." Or Death Eaters, but there was no point bringing up a point so sore when she was trying to ease the tension between them. Sirius sighed, setting the glass down in the sink and taking her hands in his soggy ones. She was surprised to find them soft this way, almost vulnerable. The war had hardened his hands so much since school that she could barely recall what it felt like, having him touch her the way he had in school, when she was first learning what it felt like to be touched by someone else. These hands, these wet hands, they were almost like the old Sirius, the one she'd rather be with than be alone. She was no longer naïve enough to think that things could be salvaged between them, that she and Sirius could ever work like Lily and James, or even close to Lily and James, but for that brief moment she closed her eyes and felt his cool, wet fingertips on her skin. "I'm sorry," he said softly. His voice was deeper than it had been in school, even deeper than their last few years when he'd left behind boyhood forever, a man before his time. They had all grown up too fast. "Sirius-" "No, Lydia, I'm sorry that there's nothing I can do to make this easier for you." She opened her mouth to argue, but he continued, "I'll do what I can to make it up to you. I know there's never going to be anything that's quite enough, but I promise to try. But right now, I've got to go see the Potters. D'you want me to give Lily a letter or something?" Lydia shook her head and opened her eyes. The spell was broken. His hands were beginning to dry and his voice was straining the fantasy and there they were, standing in his kitchen, in his house, adults and lovers and yet somehow perfect strangers. If there was ever a moment to burst out and say something, say anything, beg for him to let her go and have a bit of compassion on her, that she tried but there was no point, this moment of strained honesty seemed like the moment. But he kissed her and she realized there would be no perfect moment, and it was too soon yet. She still had to get the series of articles approved and worked out with her publisher. It shouldn't take long, but she didn't have it yet, and it didn't seem prudent to walk out with no guarantees of income. "I love you," he sighed against her mouth. "I'll be back sometime after lunch, I expect." Lydia licked her lips and watched him walk out of the kitchen. She didn't listen for the bike disappearing into the distance, but she heard it all the same. She knew the sound so well she could sometimes hear it when it wasn't there at all. It was never quite right, so after a moment she knew it wasn't real, but sometimes the feeling would be so close that her heart would race a little. Was he leaving without saying a word? Was he coming home before he said he would? "Maddening," she muttered to herself, making another cup of tea and going through her articles, looking for anything that could be adjusted before publication. She rarely worked at the kitchen table, but she was trying to wean herself of the study. She wouldn't be able to take the furniture with her, and she'd grown accustomed to the space. She needed to teach herself to work everywhere again. Waiting for Sirius during lunch, wondering how long after lunch he meant, felt too familiar to be comfortable. It was the acknowledgement of just how familiar it was that made her uneasy. She didn't want to feel at home in his house anymore. She wanted to be able to leave and not feel like something was missing when she started over. She'd already begun to furnish the flat she was going to be living in, and that made it a bit easier, knowing that these things she was placing just so when she visited were her own, that none of them had anything to do with Sirius. When he came home, he gave her the same rote answer he gave every time he visited the Potters and they curled up by the fireplace and read. There was a time when he would have wanted to physically curl up with her, to wrap himself around her and feel like he was holding her, maybe thinking that the closer she was, the more she was his. Now he seemed more secure in letting her go, even for short bits of time. Lydia felt guilty, even though she knew it wasn't really her fault. She couldn't be held responsible for his believing things she never said. Could she? On Halloween, Lydia finished her cup of tea and curled a little more into bed, setting the cup down on the bedside table. She thought about taking it into the kitchen and washing it, but she was too cozy where she was. Sirius came in, pulling on a jacket, and she sat up a bit, frowning. "Are you done with that, love?" he asked, gesturing to the cup. Before she could answer he picked it up and said, "Don't worry about it. I'll make sure it's washed and put back before I go." "Go where?" "It's nothing," he said, smiling and kissing her forehead. "You look peaceful." She didn't feel peaceful. She suddenly realized that she would be leaving him any day and she couldn't reconcile that with the fear she felt in the pit of her chest as he pulled on his gloves. Was it that cold out? He must have been taking the bike to…wherever he was going. "Sirius," she said, touching his left hand before he could slip on the glove. "Sirius, where are you going?" He blinked at her, surprised. "I'm…I'm just going to check on the Potters, Lydia." She raised her eyebrows. "It's eleven at night." "Yeah, well, we can't drink with Harry up, now, can we?" Something wasn't right, but Lydia couldn't put her finger on what it was. Perhaps it was just a mixture of the war and the guilt and her many anxieties bearing down on her. This would be a perfect situation to leave him in the night, he would never know…. No, she couldn't do that, she realized, feeling his lips on her lips, tasting the tender warmth of his kisses. "I love you," he whispered. "When will you be back?" she asked, watching him pull on the other glove, checking his pocket for his keys, and then pick the tea cup back up. Sirius glanced at the clock on the wall. "I really don't know," he said, a little sheepish. "How about we say that I'll…. Well, hopefully I'll be back by morning, but if we get…. Well, don't wait up, love." "How will I know you're okay?" she demanded as he turned to go, and he froze. She was surprised to hear the panic in her voice. By the look on his face when he turned to face her again, so was Sirius. "Lydia, everything's going to be fine," he said, a little startled. "I'm just going to Godric's Hollow. Is something wrong?" She shook her head. The fact was, there wasn't anything specifically wrong. She just felt very uncomfortable with him leaving her like this. Was it because she was about to leave him? Probably less than a week, a matter of days before she had to tell him the truth. He sighed and said, "Would it make you feel better if I put up some extra wards before I go?" Actually, it would, and so she nodded. He kissed her forehead one more time. "What sort of wards?" she asked as he pulled out his wand, twirling it in his free hand. "Oh, nothing too fancy. But you probably shouldn't leave the house." "Where would I go?" she said, feeling the bitter irony choking at her throat, almost taking the words from her before she could say them. He laughed. "Sweet dreams, love." "Fly safely," she said softly, laying back down against the pillow again, watching the door close behind him. She closed her eyes and listened for the front door closing, then a pause, then she could hear the roar of the engine of his motorbike. The engine faded into the distance. Lydia gripped the edges of the pillow and licked her lips. If only it hadn't been so easy to fall asleep.
The hand that shook Lydia gently awake was not that of Sirius, and she frowned, letting her eyes flutter open, confused and a little afraid. Whoever it was, she would not have time to get her wand. Bellatrix, she told herself, would not wake her up gently. The kind, blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore were looking down at her, and she was too tired to notice how sad they were. "What time is it?" she muttered. "What's wrong? Has something happened?" He sighed. "Why don't I make you some tea and we can talk about that?" She sat up abruptly. "What?" "You haven't seen Sirius, have you?" he asked, his voice light, but she had the sense the lightness was forced. He handed her a dressing gown which she pulled on quickly as she scrambled out of bed. "Not since he left to see Lily and James," she said. Dumbledore nodded and led her into the kitchen. She'd never noticed how cold the tiles of the kitchen floor got at night, but then, she usually wore slippers. No time for that, not when Dumbledore was looking so calm. Something very serious had to be happening. "He hasn't returned, you're sure?" "Well, I've been asleep," Lydia said uneasily. Dumbledore quickly made them tea, and she took a sip without thinking about it, feeling the horrible scalding on her tongue. She put the cup back down quickly. "Ah, forgive me." He tapped her cup with his wand to cool it, but she didn't pick it up again. Her eyes were fixed on his, her hands pulling the dressing gown a little tighter around her body. "Is something the matter?" she demanded. "Is Sirius all right?" "It's not Sirius that concerns me for the moment," Dumbledore said gently. If he was being gentle, someone must have died. She scooted the chair back a bit from the table and felt her face twisting in anticipation of some painful blow. "Is it Remus?" she asked softly. "What?" he said, frowning. "Oh, no, Remus is remarkably safe for the moment. I couldn't have timed it better if I'd tried. He'll be back in a few days' time, and I expect he'll want to see you then. Especially…. Well, he's been struggling with some of the things Greyback has asked him to do, but now that that's taken care of-" "Greyback?" Lydia muttered. "He's with the werewolves?" "Well, naturally," Dumbledore said with a remarkably dark laugh. "It's incredible how that's where no one expected me to put him, but it served our purposes to keep it quiet." "So he isn't the spy?" Relief began to flood her heart, only to be choked out before she could properly enjoy it. Dumbledore was giving her a stern and pitying look. "Lydia, when was the last you heard from Lily and James?" "Lily gave Sirius a letter last week. Nothing unusual. Why?" He shook his head sadly. "Lydia, I'm afraid I have some very bad news. You might want some more of your tea." She frowned, picking up the tea cup slowly, lifting it to her lips, feeling the cup against her skin to test if it was too hot still. It was perfect, of course, but she noticed something this time that she had not with the scalding of her first sip. There was Calming Draught laced in the tea somehow. Her nostrils flared at the familiar scent and she set the cup down again, pushing it away. "What's happened?" she demanded. He sighed, even more pity filling his aged features. "Lydia, you're going to want to finish that tea." "I don't need to be protected, Albus. I've seen a great many things without being drugged and I'm just fine." She set her jaw and stared at him, glaring slightly. He watched her for a long moment, perhaps hoping that he if continued to wait for her she would eventually drink the tea. But Lydia was hard to beat for stubbornness, and eventually he nodded. "Very well," he said. "I warn you that this will be very upsetting news." She simply stared at him, although she could feel her heart racing. "Lily and James are dead." Lydia gripped the table, feeling the kitchen spin around her. "No," she murmured in horror. "No, you're mistaken. They can't be dead." The Fildelius Charm was supposed to be the answer. Dumbledore himself had come up with it. "I have seen them myself. The Aurors are securing their cottage in Godric's Hollow as we speak. It is empty. The bodies have been removed." She shook her head, standing. "No," she said, choking on the words, glancing over at the clock. It was four in the morning. Perhaps Sirius would return and inform them that it was all a mistake somehow. "They died fighting." "They weren't supposed to be fighting," Lydia spat. A fury she had never felt before was building in her. "They were supposed to be hidden, safe! They're supposed to be alive! Sirius promised me that they would be alive!" "Ah," Dumbledore said, his face falling and his eyes dull. "Yes, well, that is the question, isn't it? Are you sure he hasn't come back while you were sleeping? Does anything look different?" Lydia faltered for a moment, realizing the implication of Dumbledore's words. Sirius was the Secret-Keeper. Either he turned them over, which was absolutely preposterous, or…. Or somehow he was captured, used, mislead, brought in Death Eaters by mistake? Perhaps he was dead too. It was like all of her worst nightmares had come true at once and Lydia burst into tears, shaking her head, looking around the kitchen. Had anything changed? She didn't think so. He wouldn't have come back, no matter how beat up, without waking her. He wouldn't have left her alone. If he was running from something, he would have brought her with him, or tried. Was he hurt somewhere, alone, dying and without her? Or was he already dead? "N-no," she spluttered. "No, he's…." Dumbledore convinced her to take the tea, more pouring it down her throat than anything else, and she simply sat on the kitchen floor, staring at a wall, watching the sun streak across it as it rose several hours later before finally succumbing to the exhaustion of sleep. She wasn't sure when Dumbledore had left, only that he wasn't there when she woke up again that afternoon, rubbing her head, pulling herself to her feet with a groan. The memory of Dumbledore's news hit her like a train. He should be back by now. Sirius should be home, even if…. Should she go looking for him? Part of her wanted to go looking, to find him, to apologize for wanting to leave him. He was all she had left without Lily and James. But if he came back and she wasn't here, after what he must have gone through…. No, better to stay where she was and wait for some kind of news. She thought she remembered Dumbledore telling her that he would be back with news when he had it. She tried to work, but she couldn't concentrate on anything she started. At about four, she realized she'd not eaten since the night before and began to make dinner, but then she remembered Sirius wasn't back yet and she began to cry, wondering if she should make enough for two. She decided to do so, and chill the leftovers for him. Because he would be back. He would be back and she'd sell the flat and she'd never leave again. She'd never even ask to leave the building without him. She might even join the Order just so she could go on all his missions and make sure he didn't die without her. Eating dinner felt strange. She wasn't entirely sure what she had made, just followed familiar steps to making something. The food had no flavor in her mouth. Nothing felt right. She wasn't even sure she was awake until she burned her tongue on the tea she made two hours later. A knock at the door at ten that night made her excited. Surely this was the good news she'd been looking for. Surely there was something to tell her that everything was going to be all right. Sirius had been found, was at Order headquarters, would be returned when he was patched up, she could visit if she liked. Sure enough, there was Dumbledore in the doorway looking grave, and she almost smiled in spite of herself. She caught the expression just in time, before it bloomed out over her face and belied her happiness at seeing him, at news. "Would you like some tea?" Lydia said, ushering him inside, taking his cloak, leading him into the kitchen. She needed some good news to cleanse the space from the tragic news of losing Lily. "I have found out more about the situation," he said softly as she stirred sugar into his tea. "I thought it best that I come and inform you of what's happened, the whole of it, from the beginning." She was impatient to hear about Sirius, but she nodded. He was safe, so it didn't matter if she indulged Dumbledore, heard it all from the beginning. "From what I can gather, Voldemort gained entry to the house at Godric's Hollow," he said softly. "James was killed fighting him. Lily was killed protecting Harry." "Harry," Lydia muttered, feeling the blood drain from her face. She'd forgotten about Harry in all the chaos. A child. To die so young…. "Yes, and the remarkable thing is that Harry didn't die when the wand turned to him." Lydia blinked, looking up into that once-kindly face that she was beginning to dread even just sitting there. "What?" "Oh, there are all sorts of theories running around," Dumbledore said casually. "No doubt you'll hear a great many of them in coming days. All we know is that Harry is alive, and Voldemort is nowhere to be found. Somehow, it would seem, he has been destroyed." Lydia found she didn't quite believe that, especially given her calculations, and she was struggling to wrap her brain around everything. "So if Harry's not dead, where is he?" Was this why he'd come looking for Sirius? Everyone knew Sirius was Harry's godfather. But he wouldn't have shown up without the child, surely. So…. "I have taken him to his aunt's house," Dumbledore said softly. "I know it is not what Lily wished, but under the circumstances…." Lydia shook her head. Was Sirius dead? If Sirius was dead, there ought to have been some sort of legal stipulation, something that guaranteed that Harry was brought to Lydia. Her friends were very diligent in planning for Harry's care. That sort of thing would not have been overlooked. Perhaps Dumbledore thought she cared more not to take care of Harry than she cared for the poor child being raised by the awful Petunia Dursley? "Where's Sirius?" she finally asked, feeling the question clog in her throat before coming out. Perhaps she didn't want to know, but she had to face the truth. She'd been planning on facing the truth by now anyway, but a different sort of truth. One that would have hurt Sirius, not herself. After a long moment, Dumbledore said, "Sirius went to Godric's Hollow that night, but the Potters were already dead. He gave Hagrid his bike. All I know after that is that sometime yesterday he tracked down Peter Pettigrew, who confronted him for his guilt, and then murdered him and a dozen Muggles in the middle of a crowded street in cold blood." Shock rode over Lydia like a wave. She was expecting to hear that he was dead. Not…not this. "But…" "There were many witnesses, all Muggles. Their statements were taken and their memories wiped," Dumbledore said, moving onward quickly. "I'm afraid that…he's been arrested." Lydia nodded numbly, not understanding, but feeling she had no questions to ask. None except…. "When will the trial be?" The Death Eater trials had all been public. Surely this would be public too. She had to be there, to see his face, to understand what was happening. Perhaps then she would know what was going on in the world around her. Dumbledore gave her a look so brimming with pity that she wanted to throw her tea in his face. "There won't be a trial, Lydia. He's already been taken to Azkaban." Lydia got up, perhaps thinking she could rush to the Ministry and stop the unfairness of it, to plead, to convince herself and everyone else that he was innocent of…of…anything, everything. Just so she didn't have to be alone. But she promptly fainted. For three days the world was a buzz. She went to two funerals, one for Peter and a joint one for Lily and James. She had hoped Petunia would be at the funeral for Lily, but she was not. Lydia thought she had seen Severus at the back, but by the time she reached the back he was gone. Or perhaps she'd just imagined that he would be there, that he ought to be there. After all, hadn't they been friends? Hadn't they all been friends before this madness? On the fourth day, Lydia splashed water on her face instead of showering. The steam might break her resolve, and she was determined to accomplish something. She wouldn't be able to take Harry, Dumbledore had surely seen to that, but she could see him, she could make this right, she could hold him and apologize to him, and swear up and down that she wouldn't let anything happen to him if she had to throw herself in front of him every time danger came his way. Of course, this was probably the firewhiskey talking, but she felt immensely like a Gryffindor in that moment. She liked to think James would have been proud. She pulled on a dress she knew would take little effort to make her look presentable, half-brushed her teeth, and almost left the house without shoes, but she managed to get to find Privet Drive reasonably well, Apparating there on the first try without splinching herself or anything. She couldn't recall the house number, however, and she wandered up and down the street, marveling at how every house looked the same. How could they tell them apart? Finally, she saw a man who had to be Vernon Dursley getting out of a car looking especially ruffled, and she rushed toward the house with the shining number four on its brick. She licked her lips, feeling wild, feeling like she was on the Quidditch pitch and all she had left to do was score one last goal, within her grasp, and they were done. James would be so proud of her. She knocked on the door, her hands shaking with delicious anticipation. It had been days since she felt like there was something to live for. This was it, the positive sign, the way upwards. Petunia opened the door and squeaked in shocked horror. Vernon rushed in brandishing a briefcase, his eyes wild and angry. "Who the devil is this?" he demanded of his wife. "Lydia Rowe?" Petunia said, ignoring her husband. They hadn't seen each other since Lydia graduated, and Petunia looked like she'd seen a ghost. "Yes." "I…I…" She must have assumed Lydia was dead, along with everyone else from her past she cared to never see again. It wasn't that Petunia hadn't liked Lydia. It was that she hadn't liked magic, and so when Lydia turned out to be a witch as well, they hadn't exchanged another polite word. "You weren't at their funeral," she said softly. "Petunia, who is this?" "An old neighbor, Vernon," Petunia said to assuage her husband. "I wasn't about to go into the midst of all those freaks. Besides, Vernon had work and I have my hands full." Lydia nodded, wringing her hands together. This was harder than she thought. They should have invited her in by now, but Petunia was still clutching the door as though poised to shut it on Lydia's face. Perhaps she would have, if she hadn't been so shocked. Perhaps she still would, when she overcame her shock. "May I see him?" Lydia asked, her voice full of emotion. "Absolutely not!" Vernon said harshly, and Lydia jumped. "He's in our care, he's our concern, and he won't be around anyone of your sort." He must have picked up that Lydia was a witch, although she didn't…. Ah, yes, her wand was poking out of her pocket. That would do it. She licked her lips again. "I just want to see him." "I'm sorry, but that's impossible," Petunia said, almost imploringly. "We can't allow-" "We'll fix the child," Vernon Dursley spat. "He won't be exposed to any of that nonsense! He'll be a proper child!" Lydia blinked. "Excuse me?" "We'll beat the freak right out of him if we have to!" Her heart began to race. If they were thinking that abuse or lack of exposure was going to keep Harry from being a wizard, they were far more stupid than she'd given them credit for. She looked at Petunia with wide eyes, but any flicker of fear she'd seen in that face was replaced with a stern determination and painfully pursed lips. "You can't do this," she said softly. "It won't-" But before she could think through her haze of pain and shock on how to explain to them that what they were attempting was utterly useless, Vernon brandished the briefcase at her, causing her to back up enough for Petunia to actually slam the door. Lydia blinked at the door for a brief moment, then knocked on it again. She waited, knocked again, and still no one answered. And then she left, aware that Harry Potter, her last tie to Lily, had been cut out of her life forever. She took a bus to her flat. She was too upset to risk splinching.
By Christmas, Lydia was becoming more of a human being again. She had to. She had bills to pay, a flat to keep up, research to conduct so that she could pay her bills. She had to convince Remus and Dumbledore that she was functional enough not to need someone checking up on her every other day. After all, life moved on, didn't it? It didn't feel like it should, especially when the longer Sirius was in Azkaban the more people were utterly convinced of his guilt. It still felt strange to Lydia, the thought that he would sell out Lily and James and Harry for anything. But this was common belief anymore. Even Remus was convinced that Sirius was more than guilty. "He must have been a Death Eater, Lydia," Remus said as they sat together that Christmas morning, staring at the very small stack of wrapping that amounted from the gifts they exchanged. How different this was from Christmases past. "It's the only explanation. You know there was a spy…" "He tried to convince me it was you," Lydia said sadly, frowning at her gin and French without drinking it. She could hear Remus's expression in his voice without looking up, the anger and hurt and bitterness. "He would." Lydia said nothing about Sirius or his guilt or innocence as they made dinner together. In spite of all the evidence, even the mountains of evidence Dumbledore had that supposedly proved Sirius's guilt, she couldn't believe that he was guilty. She couldn't believe he was a Death Eater, that he would sell out Lily and James like that. There had to be some other explanation. She swallowed a bit of quiche and felt her stomach turn as she thought of the extra wards he had put up that night before he left. Despite the fact that his being the Secret-Keeper put Lydia at greater risk, he had been much easier with leaving her alone once Lily and James went into hiding, especially once the Charm was done. And that made no sense, unless…. Unless he'd made some sort of deal. Unless he traded in the Potters to keep her safe. The very thought of such a thing made her feel sick to her stomach, and she excused herself to the toilet while Remus finished with a salad and put it on the table. Lydia looked at her face in the mirror, splashing a little water on it, trying to calm herself. She should have left him sooner. Lydia frowned at her pale reflection and thought of all the ways she could have stopped this, could have kept Lily and James alive. And then Harry wouldn't be an orphan being raised by the worst Muggles of all time, and Sirius wouldn't be in prison, and Peter would still be alive, and…and…. It took Lydia a long time to calm herself, but she decided not to tell Remus what she'd realized. He would try to tell her that it wasn't her fault, that Sirius was a Death Eater and it had nothing to do with her. Somehow, though, it made her feel worse to think that she wasn't responsible. That made Sirius evil, and to think that she spent so many years with someone who…who…. She took a deep breath, gathered herself, and went back into the kitchen. Remus was slicing a bit of quiche for her when she sat down. "Are you all right?" he asked. His eyes were flooded with concern and he nearly dropped the knife he was using. "You look very pale." "I think I just need more sleep," she lied. "Maybe I should cut the night off after dinner. They're working me pretty hard with this column." "They really shouldn't," Remus said, frowning. "After all, they're lucky to be getting regular input from someone so distinguished in your field…" Lydia could feel a bit of color coming back into her cheeks and she shrugged, poking the quiche he had just flipped onto her plate with her fork. "I guess. But I need the money, so I can't complain." Remus understood that. Remus was having trouble holding down jobs, even with the war practically over, with his condition. They ate dinner mostly in silence, although occasionally Remus would say something to try to lighten the mood. It was difficult, though, nearly impossible to lighten something so dark. It would get better, Lydia told herself. This was simply the first holiday after losing the last of their friends. Perhaps in a year's time things would be easier. They would have steadier work, they might have new friends, perhaps they would even…. No better not to think about relationships, even with Remus. The idea of being with someone else so soon after Sirius, considering what had happened…. She shivered a little. When they finished dinner, they washed dishes together. It was refreshing, having someone around. It was nice not to be alone. But Lydia knew it wouldn't last. She and Remus said good night without even a hug as he left. He Disapparated leaving her standing alone again, leaving her alone with her thoughts and her work and her flat. Her empty flat. It was furnished, of course, but it felt empty, like there was a presence supposed to be there that hadn't yet arrived. She'd had a terrifying nightmare not too long ago that Sirius had died in prison and come back as a ghost, that he'd chosen to haunt her flat, to never let her go. It could never happen, though. There were restraining orders one could get against ghosts. She could make him go away if she wanted, and she wasn't even sure he would come back as a ghost, even for her. It depended on what exactly he was supposed to be guilty of. Lydia settled down at her desk and began to scribble out some of an equation she had been pondering that morning when Remus arrived, letting the scratching of the quill drown out her nightmarish thoughts. Just as she finished the first round of computations there was a tapping at the window. Lydia sighed. Typically, anymore, letters were bills, paychecks, correspondence with her publisher or editor, sometimes letters from Dumbledore making sure she was all right. Occasionally it would be a letter from Remus, wanting to set up lunch or some such thing. But she recognized the spiky handwriting on the letter before she'd opened the seal and she dropped the parchment. The owl had already flown away. Whatever Severus wanted to say, it didn't merit or require a response. Lydia swallowed. It had been months since she last heard from Severus, and she didn't know where they stood, where she wanted them to stand. He hadn't been at Lily's funeral. Perhaps it would have been a poor choice for him to show up. Or had he been there in disguise, or at the back and she just didn't notice? Lydia rubbed her temples. He should have called, should have come to visit her, should have seen if Lydia was all right from the start. After all, You-Know-Who was dead. What was there holding him back? Except that there were other Death Eaters still at large, Bellatrix Lestrange and her husband among them. Perhaps he thought he was keeping Lydia safe by staying away? Perhaps there were things he couldn't tell her, questions he didn't want her to ask? Lydia turned the letter over and glanced at the crimson seal. She did have questions for Severus. With only Remus left in her life, Lydia ached to have just one more friend she hadn't lost, just one more person who understood what she was feeling, who could talk to her and comfort her and give her answers Remus could only guess at. Severus could tell her if Sirius was guilty, and in what way. He would know. He could say. You-Know-Who was gone. And Lydia wanted to talk to him, to see his face, to cry on his shoulder. Perhaps it was the loss of his companionship amidst all the death and loss that was keeping that sharp pain in her gut every time she thought of losing Lily. But she wasn't ready to see him yet. Part of it may have been Bellatrix. It might have been something to do with the fact that she was afraid that if she and Severus began to talk again, Bellatrix would find them, would hurt Lydia. Whatever deals Sirius may or may not have made, Bellatrix couldn't possibly be held to them, and would Severus protect Lydia against a rampaging Bellatrix Lestrange? Could he? Lydia closed her eyes and thought of somewhere warmer. He could keep that promise now, could take her away, could…could… Except he couldn't. He was at Hogwarts. He'd made commitments to Dumbledore at least until the end of the year. She had commitments to her publisher. The war was over, but they had lives now. They weren't children anymore. As appealing as it was to drop everything and run away, how would Remus feel if she left him, alone, with all their friends dead? Somewhere warmer. Lydia licked her lips, picking up her wand. She would write Severus, or he would come find her, or write another letter, but this one she couldn't read. She couldn't tempt herself with whatever he was going to say, whatever tidbits he offered her. It was dangerous, it was wrong, it was simply too soon. She tapped the letter with her wand and watched it catch flame, held the far corner as it burned. It had been a while since she last burned a letter. She used to read them first, at least. It didn't matter if she'd kept it, really, but the temptation of reading it would have been too strong. And…and perhaps there was something habitual now about burning Severus's letters. She'd have to work on that a bit. She didn't want to always burn his letters. She wanted to save some of them, like she'd saved his Potions book. When the whole thing had burned out into a pile of ashes on her desk she swirled her fingers around in them for a bit. If the letter were a phoenix it would reappear in these ashes. Somehow, that thought was appealing to her. A testament, perhaps, to just how tempting that letter really was. She frowned at her gray finger-tips, rubbing them together and feeling the smooth ashes on her skin. The mess she made would be simple enough to clean. That was the beauty of magic. Lydia closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. She could still smell the scent of burning parchment. For a moment, she was back in Sirius's house, burning yet another letter from Severus, hiding it from Sirius. Her eyes flew open again and she quickly vanished all the ashes. She could still feel them on her fingers, although she could see her skin was clean. She rushed to the bathroom again, running her hands under water, staring at her pale, blank reflection. She was more like a human being, but she didn't feel quite like one yet. She sucked in a breath and let it out, realizing that her fingers had gone numb from the cold water. She waited until this thought sank in before turning off the water, flicking her fingers instead of drying her numb hands, and walking into her bedroom. Lydia quickly pulled off her clothes, not bothering to put on pajamas as she climbed into bed and curled up, touching the cool, firm pillow with a frown. She liked to think that she was making small, steady steps toward normalcy and then things like this would happen. She let her eyes flicker closed. Perhaps he'd only wanted to wish her a happy Christmas. Was there any harm in opening the letter? Did she really have to burn it? Couldn't she simply have hid it from herself somehow? Couldn't she have…. There was no good way to handle it, she told herself. She had acted on a perfectly understandable and perhaps even reasonable impulse. If Severus wanted to contact her again, he would. After all, he hadn't expected a response. There was no way he would know that she'd burned the letter. Unless there was something about meeting her, or visiting, in the letter, that she had missed because she burned it. She sucked in a breath through her nose. Tears were forming behind her closed eyelids. They stung, aching for a way to get out of their prison, to pour down her face as tears were supposed to do. When she moved to her flat, Lydia sold Sirius's house. It was a large, tempting, horrific monument to whatever their relationship had been, whatever he'd thought it had been. She couldn't stand living in it, especially knowing where Sirius was, what he may have done. What he probably had done. No. She shook her head, sniffling. No, he hadn't killed Lily and James, not on purpose. There had to be some mistake. She knew she was being silly, not wanting to believe something that stared her so obviously in the face. Was it because they had shared a bed for so many years? Was there something about the fact that she had seen every inch of Sirius's body, the fact that he had touched every inch of hers, that she felt she knew him at a very core level no one else could possibly understand? He loved her. He'd said it, she believed it. He loved her and he needed her, and now he was all alone in a cell in the sea surrounded by dementors and terrible thoughts and memories and he didn't have her. Was that punishment to fit his crimes? Lydia didn't know. She wasn't even sure what his crimes were. Could such a punishment fit any of his crimes? Even for the worst of them it felt cruel. If it had all been a lie, as Remus seemed convinced of, if Sirius hadn't traded anything except a position of power for the lives of their friends then perhaps he did deserve the cell. But if that was true, was the rest of it a lie as well? The years together, the love he claimed he felt for her, the devotion…. Was that all a lie? Believing that might make Lydia feel easier about her position in the whole thing, except it would mean that he used her. Used her, fooled her, wasted her time. Perhaps it started as true and became a lie? That seemed to be what Remus believed. Lydia gripped the pillow a little more tightly, sobbing into it. No matter what the truth was, it would not help her sleep at night. Remus could tell her, as he had, that she had no way of knowing. He'd fooled them all. There was no reason for her to have suspected him. Even Dumbledore hadn't, so how could she, when he took such good care of her? Lydia would still feel responsible. Dumbledore didn't share a bed with Sirius. She did. Dumbledore didn't do his laundry, memorize the scars on his back, cry a little every time he got a new one. Had he gotten more scars when they took him to Azkaban? Or had he gone quietly? No one had told her that. It wasn't public knowledge, and if Dumbledore knew perhaps he thought it would be too upsetting for her to hear about it. Even though it had been nearly two months, everyone was still protecting her. They had this idea that she was fragile, too fragile to hear everything, to know every bit of the truth. Just enough evidence to convince her, that was all they needed. Perhaps they were right, but it still felt terrible, knowing that there was a chance that Sirius loved her and was suffering because of it, that he loved her and she didn't love him and the fact that she'd waited to say anything about it, the fact that she hadn't told him, meant that Lily and James and Peter were dead, Harry was an orphan, and Sirius was suffering unimaginable hell in Azkaban. And Lydia was alone. Not really alone. Not fully alone. She had Remus, in a way. Dumbledore did keep a very close watch on her. She had people to talk to, places to go, and photo albums from school when she got lonely. But it was alone in all the worst ways. She'd even thought a time or two that she might call on Organza in France, that's how desperate she was. Lydia choked and sobbed out a bitter laugh. As if Organza would want to see her. As if she wanted to see Organza. But it was tempting at times, to hunt down her past. Organza hadn't been at the funeral either, but Lydia hadn't really expected her to come. None of them had heard from her since she left for France, married whatever her fiancé's name was, proved that she was the cowardly sort of Gryffindor. Lydia stopped halfway through her second bitter laugh. She thought, when she was doing her shopping the other day, that she had heard Sirius's barking laughter behind her. It was some man in a suit, handlebar moustache, watery eyes and a mouth so vast it looked like it could swallow the whole alley. She'd felt a jolt of fear and excited anticipation at that sound, though, and once she knew it was not Sirius who had laughed, once the bark dissolved into rolling, deep bellowing laughter, Lydia couldn't tell if she was more disappointed or relieved that Sirius Black was not standing behind her, not watching her, not judging her for her dishonesty, for her moving on with her life, without him. For not visiting him in the hell of his prison. How could she? What would she say? I don't love you, but I feel responsible for everything that you may have caused? She cried herself to sleep, her sleep riddled with barking laughter and shaking hands trying to strangle her as she begged for mercy.
Lydia sat down to a lonely pathetic sandwich for lunch on a cool January day when there was a knock at the door. She glanced at the clock, at the calendar, but she could think of no reason why anyone would be visiting her. It must, then, be a surprise visit from Dumbledore or Remus to check on her sanity. Still, there were still Death Eaters at large, and so she grabbed her wand just in case, glancing out of the peep hole to find a disgruntled Severus standing there. She caught her breath, quickly weighed her options of pretending she wasn't in or letting him in. He knocked again and Lydia felt a rush of guilt at the thought of just letting him think she wasn't home, so she opened the door slowly and looked at him, wand visibly in hand. He frowned at her wand, then looked at her face and frowned even deeper. "Merlin," he breathed. "Albus told me you were getting better, but…. Lydia, you look ill. Tell me you're ill." She blinked, taken aback. The shock caused her to allow him to push passed her into the flat, closing the door, pressing the back of his hand to her forehead. "I'm fine," she insisted lamely. "Sev, I'm fine. Just…. Will you stop that?" "Sit," he ordered, pointing to the sofa. "I'm making you tea." Lydia tried to protest, but Severus was insistent and she was feeling too weak to really put up too much of a fight. He was right, she wasn't well. Not ill, exactly but…. Perhaps it was seeing him at her door that made her recall just how much she needed to ask him, just how much they needed to discuss. And the fact that she'd burned his letter. Guilt turned her stomach as he returned with tea. "Drink," he ordered. "It's tepid." She did as bid, letting him watch her with concerned black eyes, sitting next to her on the sofa, waiting for her to finish the tea. When she set down the empty cup she didn't feel any better. In fact, she felt a bit worse for her stomach's turning, having put something in it more than the uneaten sandwich still waiting for her in the kitchen. Lydia was no longer hungry, but she felt obligated to eat the sandwich. "I need to ask you something," she said softly. "I know." Lydia clenched her fists, waiting, hoping he would offer the information she craved without further prompting, but he seemed reluctant and eventually she had to ask, "Sirius, was he guilty?" Severus hesitated. She licked her lips and sighed. It was too complicated. There was too much wrong, too much Sirius had been accused of. She had to be specific. "He turned over Lily and James?" Severus blinked at her and waited for a long moment. "Yes." Lydia could feel the room spinning around her. This was not the hard question, though. This much she all but had to assume was true without the confirmation. Evidence could lie, but so much evidence? "And…and did he do it…. Willingly? Or was he…coerced? Was there torture or an offer or…?" Severus considered her for a moment. She could tell from the way his eyes narrowed slightly that there was something to her questions, that he was weighing his options. Would he lie to her? No, Severus would never lie to her. The fact that she would even temporarily consider that meant she was too paranoid. The war was over. She could trust Severus, if nothing else. He would never hurt her if he didn't have to. And he would never lie. "No torture," he said softly. "An offer, then?" Lydia asked quickly, groping onto anything that made some sort of sense of why Lily and James were dead. Even if it meant it was somehow Lydia's fault. Severus hesitated. Was this confirmation? Did he think this was enough? It wasn't enough. She needed to hear words from his mouth. She needed to know. So she pressed further. "Did he trade them for me?" His head jerked slightly, and he actually looked surprised, as if he hadn't even considered this possibility. Her heart sank as she watched Severus's eyes fill with pity. That really could only mean one thing that Lydia could see, and she felt sick to her stomach. "No," she muttered, shaking her head, tears filling her eyes. "No, he didn't. He wasn't." "Lydia…." "He was a Death Eater? For how long?" "I don't know," Severus said, his voice tight, a hand reaching out for her shoulder. But she did. A year at least. That's how long they'd known of a spy. A year at least, she'd been in bed with a Death Eater, and he'd betrayed them all. "He killed them," she choked, feeling Severus's hand grip her shoulder bracingly. "He killed Lily and James, he tried to kill Harry, he…he…. Peter…." Severus flinched a little, pulling her into a hug, letting her sob into his shoulder, still babbling about how betrayed she felt. Severus had told her to trust no one, he'd begged her to leave Sirius. He'd done everything he could to split them up. It wouldn't have made a difference, perhaps. Lily and James and Peter would still be dead. Harry would still be an orphan. But at least she wouldn't have this gnawing guilt, like she should have seen, she should have known somehow. She was opening her mouth, about to ask why Severus hadn't told her when she realized that he was probably sworn to secrecy, a vow of some kind. Now that You-Know-Who was gone things were different, but before he couldn't say anything. It all made perfect sense. Severus smoothed her hair and told her stories about teaching at Hogwarts, about the dunderheaded first years he had to keep from killing themselves with exploding cauldrons, about how boring staff meetings were. About how surreal it was, eating at the staff table. Lydia just sobbed quietly into his shoulder, listening, trying not to feel like her body was splitting itself in two. There was another knock at the door and Lydia gripped his shirt as he made to stand. "Who is it?" he whispered. "I'm not expecting anyone," she sniffled. "Remus or Dumbledore, I suppose." Severus pulled out his wand, making to stand again, but she gripped his shirt tighter. "I'll be right back," he said gently. "I'm just going to make sure they're someone safe. If it's Lupin or Albus do you want to see them?" "Only if it's important," she muttered. Severus went to the door and spoke with someone, the door barely open. Lydia was too lost in her pain to care who was standing there. But it must have been important because after a few moments Severus stepped back and let Albus Dumbledore into the flat, his face grave, his blue eyes dull behind his half-moon spectacles. Lydia could recall his face just like this, standing over her, telling her to come have tea, that something had happened, that she needed to hear what had occurred. Her mind began to race with all the possibilities, all the things that could have happened. Severus was here, so the only conclusion she could come up with was… "Remus?" The two men turned to look at her with mild surprise as she croaked out Remus's name. He was supposed to be at work, wasn't he? He was fine, wasn't he? At worst she hoped for injury. Attacked but recovering. Perhaps they'd even caught whoever had done it. Perhaps it was Bellatrix. "Remus is very well, to my knowledge, and at his job," Dumbledore said softly, crossing to her. "How are you feeling, Lydia?" "I don't know." He did not ask her what that meant. Perhaps Severus had told him that he'd confirmed the terrible truth. There could have been pity in those blue eyes, but Lydia was too upset to notice. Severus sat down beside her again, but he did not pull her into another hug. She didn't ask for one, but she wanted it. "I'm afraid that Frank and Alice Longbottom are the subject of my visit," Albus said gently. "I knew Severus would be here. I wanted to know if he had any information on who might be responsible. The Aurors are stumped, and Augusta Longbottom came to me personally for my assistance." The faces of Frank and Alice swam in Lydia's mind. Kind faces. Good faces. Particularly that of Alice, a woman so obliging that Lydia had found it hard to believe she was a successful and feared Auror. "What happened to them?" Severus and Dumbledore exchanged uneasy looks, but finally Dumbledore said, "Tortured. The Cruciatus Curse, I'm afraid. They no longer have their minds." Insane. Lydia shivered, wondering what insanity would be like. Awful, surely, but did the insane know it was awful? And the Longbottoms had a son about Harry's age, a little boy, innocent…. What was his name? "And their son?" she finally asked. "Ah, Neville," Dumbledore said sadly. "He was with his grandmother when it happened, and is still with her. He will stay with her. It is impossible for the St. Mungo's staff to reverse the damage to his parents, and they no longer can speak much less recognize their son." Lydia went stiff with fear. Such extensive spell damage meant extreme torture for long periods of time, and there was only one person Lydia could think of with the stomach for something like that. "Severus, what do you think?" Dumbledore asked. "Who is likely to be responsible?" Severus pursed his lips, his eyes darting to Lydia before resting on Dumbledore. "You understand that I cannot give you exact information," he said slowly. "Whatever was done and by whom, it was under no direct orders. People acting of their own accord." To Lydia, this made it even more certain. "I realize." "And if I have to be questioned, I cannot verify anything. Mostly because I do not know, but also…. They are still at large, Albus. I imagine you can guess what they're doing to people they deem as traitors." "Even with You-Know-Who gone?" Lydia asked before she could think about it, her voice sounding strange in the air. "Especially so," Severus said softly. "There is no higher authority to answer to anymore. And some still believe he is not truly gone." Some. Bellatrix and whoever was crazy enough to follow her. Of course she still believed, who was she without an insane megalomaniac to follow and worship? No one but a housewife to a husband far inferior to her in skill and intellect. And Bellatrix would never be able to suffer that lightly. To You-Know-Who she was valuable. To the Wizarding World she was only valuable as a pureblooded woman to produce heirs. Lydia excused herself to the kitchen while Severus and Dumbledore continued their cryptic conversation in which little was said and everything was insinuated. She had a sandwich to attend to. She ate it with that guilty feel still spinning in her stomach. She was worthless, cowardly, meek. She should not have survived the war, and yet everyone around her was being torn down, even now the war was over. People of promise, quality, incredible strength and skill. People who stood for things. People who mattered. They were gone, and yet there she was, still alive and well and more or less sane and whole. Where was the justice in it? The men came in to take their leave when they'd finished their discussion, just as she finished swallowing the last of her sandwich. She gave them polite words of parting and watched Severus's dark eyes, hoping he would ask to stay longer. But he didn't. Perhaps he had essays to grade, ingredients to sort. He had a life, now. A job, things to do other than serve You-Know-Who. He was normal. But Lydia was certain, now that the first meeting was out of the way, that he would call again. Three days later, when there was a knock on her door, Lydia half thought it was Severus, rushing to the door, checking the peephole. But it was Remus. She felt both excited and disappointed all at once, and when she gave him her best smile and invited him in he seemed a bit flustered as well, thanking her and following into the kitchen. She made them tea and they sat in silence, drinking, for quite a while. Half Lydia's tea was gone when Remus finally said, "So work is going well. I've made it past the first full moon. Perhaps they know and don't care." Lydia was struck by the uncharacteristically optimistic talk, but she didn't dare question it, just in case it was hanging on by a thread. "That's great," she said earnestly. "What is it you're doing at this place?" Remus began to detail all the duties he had as a night security guard for a row of shops. He'd asked for time off each month, just a few days each month, and they'd granted it to him, and even allowed him to pick the days up to three months in advance, with a few extra sick days in case he needed them. It seemed remarkably fair and considerate to Lydia, and Remus was understandably excited about it all. But a thought occurred to her. What if they hadn't yet realized that he was taking the full moon and the days around it off each month? What if they did notice, what would happen then? She didn't used to think that any of it mattered, that Remus's condition ought to dictate anything in his life. It didn't matter to her or any of their friends, or even Dumbledore, so why should it matter to anyone else? During the war it made little difference. Remus was too busy with the Order to be employed very regularly anyway, and when he was sent to work with the werewolves employment would have been far from beneficial. He wanted to look as beaten down by society as possible. But now that the war was over again she'd seen him struggling to get and keep job after job, and all in such a short span of several months. The minute an employer got wind that he was a werewolf, he was fired. He was lucky to get the flat he had; the landlady's son had been bitten. He was killed by frightened neighbors when he was twenty-two. "Did you hear about the Longbottoms?" she finally asked when they'd finished their tea. Remus hesitated, frowning. "Yes, yes I did," he said softly. "They were…are such good people. It's disgusting. Almost worse than death, I should think. Their son…." "I don't know," Lydia said slowly. "Neville will have his parents. They're physically present. He'll see their faces. They'll be real people to him. Harry's parents will be memories of other people and photographs at best. But then, Neville's parents will be shells, unable to communicate with him. And I can't imagine what sort of pain that will be." Remus nodded. It was a terrible, painful situation, and Lydia didn't envy either boy. She knew what it was like to lose parents, but at least she had good years before her parents began to fight. At least she knew what it was like to be normal. Harry was an orphan and Neville was as good as. And from what Lydia recalled about Augusta Longbottom, that would be a preferable – albeit barely – childhood to the one Harry was going to have with the Dursleys. It was a question, she supposed, of strength of character. Both of their parents certainly had that in spades. Hopefully they would turn out all right. When Remus finally got up to go, Lydia walked him to the door of her flat, smiling at him, asking him if he wanted to stay for dinner. "No, no, I've got to head to work," he told her cheerfully. "Wouldn't want to make a bad impression, you know. Perhaps sometime next week. I'll write you." "Okay, then," Lydia said softly, trying not to sound disappointed. Remus opened the door, turned back as if to say something, and caught her totally by surprise when he pressed his lips to hers. The room seemed to spin on the spot as Lydia gripped the doorknob, her breath leaving her, her heart racing. It had been so long since she'd been kissed by anyone that the act took her by exhilarating surprise. And just like that he was gone. His lips were gone. He had left her standing there, door open, wondering exactly what had just happened. She touched her fingertips to her lips wondering if she had perhaps imagined it. Could she have simply been caught up in a wistful fantasy and blanked out on the actual end of the night? But her lips still tingled from the pressure of his kiss, and she squeezed the doorknob with excitement. Remus had kissed her. Remus had kissed her without the war pressing on them or Sirius making him jealous or anything other than their being alone for a while and happy. Her mind ran through the afternoon, ran through the meeting. Could it be called a date? Perhaps not, but it was close to a step toward what she imagined a normal adult relationship ought to be like. And he'd kissed her. Lydia closed the door, unsure how long she'd been standing there like an idiot with it open, but none of that mattered. She jumped up and down with excitement, squealing a little to herself. Perhaps she was an adult now, but that didn't mean she had to be practical at all times. If Lily and been there with her, if Lily had somehow survived the experience and been there to watch Lydia's life since Halloween, Lydia had the distinct impression that it would be the first time in that long, painful stretch that Lily would have been proud.
She may not have had plans, but Lydia absolutely was not going to sulk. Remus wouldn't have asked her no matter what: after all, it was a full moon. He needed his rest. Lydia respected that. She was slightly disappointed that she hadn't heard from him, but they'd not even kissed again since that day in January, much less anything else. They had no arrangement, no understanding. He'd not even mentioned the kiss. Lydia pulled on a sweater dress. She wasn't going outside, but it seemed a bit too cold to be wearing anything lighter than that. It was a nice blue dress, not one of the ones Sirius had gotten her. It had been a present from Lily at one point or another. It seemed fitting. This was the first Valentine's Day since Lydia was single again. Or, whatever it was she was. The first one alone anyway since she started dating Sirius. No gifts to buy, no expectation of being pampered, nothing but a nice, pleasant day to pamper herself. It would be strange to simply do nothing on Valentine's Day after years of being in a relationship. But Lydia didn't have to do anything extreme to be happy. Small would be just fine for her. For the first time since Hogwarts, Lydia actually decided to curl her hair. It was the sort of thing Artemis loved to do to her. It did look pretty, and even though Lydia had never managed to do it just right, the way her friend had done for her, when she looked in the mirror an hour later she was actually quite pleased with the result. If it was something she could stand to do more often, she would have. She looked quite nice. Then she carefully put on make-up. With no one in particular to impress and really nowhere to go (she conducted most of her business by correspondence anymore), Lydia was out of practice when it came to her make-up. Some motions, though, seemed to be forever stored in the muscle, and once she started it was quick and almost mindless to finish, standing in front of the mirror, blinking her lined eyes. Not as good as Lily could do, but it was still quite nice. Lydia wondered where that beautiful set of dress robes Mary had gotten her in school were. Perhaps in a box somewhere? Then Lydia recalled that they'd been at the first of Sirius's houses, the one that had been destroyed by Death Eaters. She felt a stab of pain in her chest as she realized that they were gone forever, a piece of Mary she no longer had. At least she still had a few things from Lily. Everything Artemis had given her was gone as well. It was as if Lily was the only one left, the only friend she had anything to remind her of. Besides photographs Lily left her. She still had some of those. Maybe Lily knew how hard it would be, without all those keepsakes. Lydia thought that her sentimentality had something to do with living in her parents' house all alone for so many years. Things were attachments. They weren't always positive attachments, and they didn't always bear good associations, but it was impossible to escape them altogether. Lydia found that she generally didn't mind. She slipped on a pair of heels and spritzed a splash of perfume before heading out to the kitchen. Typically, she would eat something healthy for breakfast. It was a habit that she'd gotten into when she was with Sirius, when she had the luxury of knowing she could afford to eat properly. She wasn't simply living on her father's gold. This morning, however, Lydia very much liked the idea of something sugary. Crepes perhaps, with lots of sweet things. She thought she had some frozen berries somewhere, and almonds. Was that enough to make it a proper meal after putting on chocolate sauce and sugar and crème? Good enough. Lydia made the breakfast/dessert with relish, eating it happily, closing her eyes and enjoying the flavors. She hadn't made any kind of dessert since the war had ended. She hardly entertained for dinner, and Remus wasn't big on sweets when he did stick around that long. Lydia thought she ought to do this more often as she licked the last bits of chocolate sauce off her fork and set it on the plate. She turned on the faucet and let the water run over the residue of her food, rinsing the plate and fork of the evidence that she had done something a little bit reckless. She licked her lips, still tasting chocolate on them as she began to make herself some tea while the plate soaked. Wondering if there was anything she could do to spruce up the tea that morning, she closed her eyes and listened to the soft bubbling of the kettle. It was such a familiar, such a pleasant and comforting sound, and she almost didn't realize that it had begun to boil for a moment. She poured her tea and mixed in a bit of sugar, considering the tea before deciding to try honey in it as well, like Severus loved so much. She wondered, as she stirred it in, if anyone else knew how he took his tea. Strange to think that there was a time when he liked his tea sweet whereas she drank hers black. Sirius had gotten her used to taking a bit of sugar in her tea, but she still drank it very close to black. Lydia stirred in a bit of honey, watching the thick, amber liquid drizzle into her cup. She stirred it in, pulling the spoon out and stirring a few more times until it came out clean. She licked the spoon, tasting the familiar taste of honey before dropping it into the sink with her still-soaking plate. Lydia blew on the cup, wondering if she wanted to wait or cool it magically, when there was a knock at the door. Instinctively, she set the tea down on the table, pulled out her wand, and hurried out to the door. Albus Dumbledore was standing there, looking blessedly jolly and twiddling his thumbs in wait. She opened the door and invited him in. "I was just about to have some tea," she said. "Would you like some?" "Ah, no, thank you," he said kindly. "I cannot stay too long. I have to return to the school. But I've just come from the Ministry. Severus suggested I share the news with you. He seems to think it will be a relief for you to hear." Lydia frowned, leading him into the kitchen where she picked up her tea, feeling it warm her fingers pleasantly. Perhaps she would wait it out after all. "What news is this, then?" she asked. "Perhaps you heard that Karkaroff implicated several Death Eaters during a hearing in order to buy his freedom," Dumbledore said, sitting down. "Yes, I read something about it." "Well, among others, he implicated several people in the torture of Alice and Frank. And their trial was today." Lydia thought bitterly how such monsters received a trial when Sirius didn't, but then, he had killed thirteen people with a single curse. Perhaps it was better the way it happened. Although it felt intrinsically unfair to her. "Go on." "I've just come from the trial," he said, clearing his throat. "I am pleased to inform you that Bellatrix Lestrange has been sent to Azkaban." Lydia could feel her whole body filling with excitement. "As well as her husband, brother-in-law, and Barty Crouch, Jr." Lydia blinked. "Barty Crouch?" she echoed. "Isn't he the Head of Magical Law Enforcement?" She'd read the name enough to know it without asking. He was the one who declared that Sirius would receive no trial. He was responsible for hunting down the remaining Death Eaters, eager to see that not a single one escaped justice. Rumor had it he had his eye on the Minister's office, and it was very likely he'd have it, too, with how well he'd done in rounding up lingering Death Eaters. He made people feel safe, and that was of the utmost importance, even with the war behind them. "Yes, he is," Dumbledore said, his eyes dulling slightly. "His son, you know, a year younger than young Regulus Black. A pureblood. They were friends at school." Lydia recalled the face of Regulus Black, similar to his brother without being quite so handsome. She'd thought of him as a sort of Dark extension of Sirius, not necessarily as a person in his own right, and the idea of him having friends she didn't really know about was odd to her. "Naturally, they joined Voldemort together, and I believe that when Regulus died it drove Barty even closer to Bellatrix, who he looked on as a mentor. From what I could tell, he was very devoted to Voldemort, and to Bellatrix." He paused. "This will break his mother's heart." Lydia could not even begin to imagine what that would be like, raising a child and finding out they'd done something so awful as torturing a couple, a very nice and respectable pureblooded couple, to insanity. A year younger than Regulus? "He's still a boy," she said, feeling tightness in her chest. "I mean…." "Yes, very young," Dumbledore said sadly. "But old enough to make his own decisions and choose his own path. I saw him at the trial. He did beg his father for mercy, but I don't think Barty's capable of mercy." Lydia thought of her own father, of her mother's shrieking that he just take pity on her, have a bit of mercy. She thought of the hardness in his eyes as he asked Lydia to leave the room in a dark, too-calm voice. Mercy was a very important, powerful quality. Lydia knew Bellatrix didn't possess it either. With any luck, the dementors would kill her rather than just drive her mad. She was already a little bit mad. The idea of her fully insane, even in prison, was a terrifying, dangerous one. "Thank you for taking the time to come and inform me," Lydia said softly, putting her face close to the tea to test it. Still too warm. "I expect it will be in the papers tomorrow, won't it?" "Yes, I expect so," Dumbledore said, standing, gathering his things. "Severus was most insistent that I inform you. I think that now you may answer the door without a wand in hand, if you so choose." Lydia blushed slightly, but she knew he didn't mean it personally. It was something everyone had been doing with the war, at least everyone with any sense. In a way, he was telling her that the war was now over for her. Her last great threat, the last thing to fear, was gone. She was safe. But it didn't feel over, not yet. "Thank you, professor," she said kindly, walking him to the door with her tea still in hand. She'd left her wand on the table for good measure. "I hope you have a pleasant journey back to Hogwarts." "Oh, I always do, my dear," he said happily. "And may I say, I read your article last week on varying coefficients for predictive equations. Remarkably written, if I may say. Very thoroughly argued." "Thank you, sir," she said, a little surprised. "It was just something I'd been using for other work. It wasn't anything too difficult or sophisticated." "Ah, Lydia," he said, smiling more widely than she'd seen anyone do in a long time, "what many people in and out of academia fail to see is that sometimes a simple, thorough, and clean argument is far more difficult, far more impressive than anything difficult or sophisticated. Happy Valentine's Day." She watched him disappear into thin air and frowned a little, considering his point. He was right, she supposed, but then he was Albus Dumbledore. He was always right. The day was pleasant but uneventful. Lydia got a bit of reading done, decided not to do any work, and even took down a few of her wards on her flat. It felt good to feel safe, and she was very pleased that Severus had thought to have her informed as soon as possible that Bellatrix was locked away with no ability to hurt Lydia. She felt refreshingly free for the first time in a long time. She was just running a bath when she got a letter from Severus, and she opened it excitedly, giving the owl a treat and some water as she went back to her bath, putting in some oils to give it a lovely lavender scent. Lydia, Albus said he told you about the trial. He said you were pleased. I'm glad you're pleased. I'm glad you're safe now. I didn't like the thought of you living by yourself, although it was better than when you were living with Black. I would have gone to the trial because I didn't have classes during it, but Albus told me it was better not to. My name's been cleared, but no telling what Bellatrix would say if she saw me. She hates me. Thinks I'm a traitor. Maybe I am. I don't know. I miss Lily. I know I hadn't seen her in so long, but I want her to be back. Just knowing she was alive made days like this better. Days when everyone else is happy with the one they love except for me. You must know how that feels. I hope you had a better day than I did. I would visit, but you probably wouldn't want to see me right now. I probably shouldn't be writing, either, but I couldn't help it. It's safe, isn't it, writing to you? Safe now. I can sign my name. Isn't that odd? I can sign my name when I write to you. I'd missed that. -Sev A pain built up in her chest from the very first word, hitting a crescendo at the end. He was drunk, obviously. His writing was sloppy and the words were far too uninhibited for anything else. Was that how he handled Valentine's Day, or was this just now that Lily was dead? Lydia felt guilty for not inviting him to do something, but she assumed he would be busy with work. She made a mental note for the future to invite him to things first. Better to have him tell her he was too busy than to get another letter like this. She called to the owl, and was pleased when it came. She summoned a quill and quickly scribbled a reply on the back of the letter, knowing he would be mortified of what he'd sent in the morning, when he read it with fresh, sober eyes. Perhaps that would keep him from drinking so much. She wrote: Sev, It is good to see that at the end of the letter. I gather you're not feeling well. I miss her too, very much. I hope you feel better in the morning. When is your next day off? Perhaps you and I should do something. A Hogsmeade weekend, perhaps? Or some evening after the students are in bed we could meet up. I am eager to get out of the house. Let me know! -Lydia She sent the owl off with the letter and sank into her bath, her mind troubled with the letter he had sent her. She half-wished to still have it in her hands, to consider it further. Closing her eyes, she tried to recreate as much of it as possible. Safe now. Yes, she did feel safer, much more pleasant. Perhaps this trial was the beginning of changes in the Ministry, in the wizarding world. Now that people were more secure, perhaps the prejudices of the past would melt away. Maybe Remus would be freer. Maybe they would reform or even abolish the registry! That would do wonders for people's outlook on werewolf rights. Lydia smiled to herself, feeling the warm water caressing her skin. It would be good, a world where she and Severus and Remus could all be exactly who and what they were and not live in fear, not hide. She was tired of hiding. What exactly about herself she was hiding she wasn't sure. Perhaps it was the growing emotions – or rather, returning emotions – that she felt for Remus. It was too soon, she thought, to tell him about them without his saying something first. They'd not had time to sit down and actually work through whatever it was that might be happening between them. She smiled even more as she thought of the kiss, his lips warm against hers. Too quick to be a real memory, and so she had infused it with the memories of previous kisses they had shared. It was all too few in number, too fleeting, too far apart. They'd denied themselves for so long, and she'd even begun to wonder if she wanted him at all several months back. But that kiss had sealed it. She wondered how she had gone so long without actively wanting him. Sirius had become so much of a routine. She should never have let Sirius define her life, become her life. She should have done what she wanted, taken what she wanted, run away with Remus. Now that she knew what Sirius had done, she regretted not pressing harder years back, when she'd had even a small chance at convincing him. Did he, too, regret not taking that chance? Their friends would still all be gone, but they would not be living with those reminders, and they would not have wasted all those years. Perhaps they would have a life somewhere happy by now. Someplace warmer. The words floating across her mind startled her out of her daydream and the bath suddenly felt cold. Perhaps…. Perhaps she should just live in the moment, without what ifs.
On a pleasant March evening, Lydia found herself walking on the Hogsmeade high street, hugging her cloak around her tightly, glancing at all the shop windows that just months ago were dull and dark for the war. Life was well on its way to normalcy again. She ducked into the Three Broomsticks. Severus was waiting for her at a small table in the corner. He waved quickly when she entered and she nodded, crossing over to him. He had not ordered a drink yet. "Can I get you something?" he asked. "Wine?" "Ah, no wine," she said, wincing. She hated wine. "Gin and French, then?" Lydia thought of what had always been her favorite drink, thought of how many Gryffindor parties and then Marauder parties after school she had consumed it at. Sirius made it for her on holidays, her birthday, days when he just desperately wanted to spoil her. "No," she said darkly, taking off her cloak. "No, I think I'll have wine after all." Severus nodded and left her to order at the bar. She fiddled with the hem of her shirt. There were some loose strings she would have to take care of later. He returned with wine and a firewhiskey for him. She raised her eyebrows. "Just the one," he said darkly, his cheeks turning slightly pink. "I'm not hoping for a repeat of Valentine's Day. I have learned my lesson." She wanted to believe him, but there was nothing more she could say about it until he decided to go for another – Merlin forbid – so she simply began to sip her wine. "How does it feel to be out of your flat?" he asked after they'd had a few minutes in silence. "Oh, lovely," Lydia admitted, glancing around the pub. No familiar faces, but then she hadn't known many people before the war. Everything changed now. "It's refreshing, you know, being able to walk into a street and not have one hand on my wand." "Mmm," Severus muttered, his eyes darting around the room. They were doing that, ever several minutes. A war reflex, Lydia supposed. He was regularly scanning their surroundings for dangers, enemies. But there were no more enemies. She was safe. He was safe. It was peacetime. She took a few more sips of her wine and felt the warmth spreading to her fingertips. "It's hard too, though," she admitted. "Everything's different." He did not comment, so she continued to speak. "There are people I expect to see, and they're not there. Sometimes I even think I see someone, and I remember that they died. I'd like to think it's just going to take getting used to, but honestly, I'll never get used to Artemis and Mary and Lily being gone." She paused to take another sip of wine. "I'm not sure I want to." Severus nodded. Everything was different for him in that way. Other than Lily, he'd not had any friends who weren't Death Eaters. From what she'd seen in the papers, the ones he'd actually liked had all avoided Azkaban, anyway, like he had. If there was anyone he still wanted to see, he could. It was simple. Proportionally fewer Death Eaters died than Order members. And even of the ones who'd gone to prison, they were only the beginning of the matter. "It hurts," he said after her glass was half gone and they had been sitting in silence for Merlin knows how long. "What does?" she asked, instantly concerned. "Lily," he muttered. For a moment, Lydia was worried he was starting to get drunk on her again, but he'd barely touched his drink, she realized. He was just being candid with her, telling her how he felt. Perhaps the war hadn't touched him exactly how it had touched her, but it had touched him nonetheless. It had left him in pain, a pain she could understand perfectly. She didn't love Sirius, but she felt remarkably dependent on him. Having that void in her life, knowing he was never coming back…. And then knowing that Lily, someone she really did love in a very pure and important way, would never come back and never even say goodbye, that was a pain all of its own sort. "I know," Lydia said softly. Severus nodded stiffly and said, "I went to Godric's Hollow the other day. Visited the grave. That's all that's left of her." He sniffed. "Have you been?" "To the grave?" Lydia asked uncertainly. "Not yet. Dumbledore didn't think it was safe." "I'll take you sometime," he said sadly. "Anyway, they've put up a statue, preserved the house. As it is, I mean. Destroyed. There's a plaque and everything. But it's all for…for… the child." "Harry?" Lydia asked, surprised. "Oh, because he's the one who apparently defeated You-Know-Who. Right." Severus's lips twitched. "Apparently?" "Well, I just don't understand how it could have happened, that's all," Lydia said defensively. "I mean, yes, there is no other explanation that I can see. But Harry Potter defeating an immensely powerful Dark wizard and destroying him doesn't feel much like and explanation either. He's a bit young to be doing accidental magic after all." Severus snorted and said, "As if accidental magic could have accomplished such a thing. Well, regardless, it is the only explanation we have. You know how he'll end up, though, with all of this fame. They're writing books on the child." Lydia would have giggled, except she knew he was hinting that Harry would end up big-headed like his father had been in youth. But Lydia thought not. She didn't think that a child of Lily's raised by Petunia would think very well of himself at all, especially given the incident Lydia had gone through at Privet Drive. If Vernon was already talking about beating magic out of him while he was still in nappies…. No, she did not press the matter further. She let their conversation fall back to a comfortable silence. She was several more sips into her wine with Severus addressed her again. "I expect you've been seeing more of Lupin." Lydia blushed, set down her glass, and shrugged a little. "I dunno," she said sheepishly. "It's not really like…. I mean…" "For Merlin's sake," he said derisively. "I meant that you two had physically seen each other, not that you have suddenly become lovers." The disdain loaded in that last word made her blush all the more furiously, and she glanced up at Severus nervously. "Well, yes, we have." "I had gathered," he drawled. "Actually," she said, gathering up her courage. Severus would not approve, of course. He never approved of anyone she liked, but she was confident that Severus liked Remus more than Sirius. "Actually, I'm thinking that something may happen. Not…not lovers or anything but, maybe…maybe he still loves me." Severus snorted and she blinked at him. "Well of course he does," he said darkly. "Just as you're still blindly infatuated with him. That doesn't mean it's any better of an idea for you to allow yourself such foolishness. But go on, you want to tell me. What exactly has led you to this ridiculous conclusion?" Lydia twisted her mouth a little to keep from saying something snide at him. Severus could out-snide anyone. Instead, she was simply going to maintain her pride and dignity and relate the event which had given her so much hope. "Well," she said, breathing through her nose to keep her composure, "he came over in January. Oh, don't give me that look, Sev. He's talked with me since, that's just when it happened. And anyway, we talked for a while, and then when he was leaving he was in a really good mood and he kissed me." Severus blinked mildly. He waited and then he raised a single eyebrow. "And?" "And then he left." Severus looked down at his firewhiskey and sighed. "Oh, Lydia. Is that all? He just kissed you? He didn't say anything?" "No." "He hasn't said anything since?" "No." "Just the one kiss?" "Yes," Lydia said slowly, beginning to feel embarrassed. It wasn't as if Severus was the best person for relationship advice. He'd never been in one, seeing as the only girl he'd ever wanted was completely oblivious to the fact he was interested and then hated him passionately when he let his mouth run in a moment of anger. "Lydia, don't get too hopeful." She could feel her stomach twisting as she gripped the stem of her glass. He was actually being surprisingly kind, but she didn't like that. There was something knowing about it, like he'd already talked to Remus about her and heard everything Remus thought. She didn't like that feeling, even though she knew there was no way on earth that Severus would do such a thing. Still. "I'm trying not to," she admitted. "But it's hard. Don't I deserve to have one thing, to be just a little bit happy? Does he?" Severus hesitated, swirling the firewhiskey around in his pint. "Yes," he said slowly. "Yes, you do deserve to be happy." It was too much to hope that Severus would agree that Remus deserved to be happy as well, and she certainly knew he didn't think that Remus deserved to be happy with her." "He makes me happy." "So do numbers." "It's not the same, Sev." He sighed, taking a long drink of his firewhiskey. He set the pint back down at gave her a hard look. "Lydia, he's had years and years of chances. If he had the guts to take what he wanted, he would have already done it." She shifted in her seat uncomfortably and said, "It was never that simple, Sev." "Wasn't it?" She wanted to point out that he never just took what he wanted, didn't say a word to Lily. But then, she knew what he would said. That was entirely different. Remus knew that Lydia was mad for him, had known it all along. Lily had never noticed Severus was pining. If she had known, she would have made some sort of decisive action, although Lydia was almost certain it would have been to turn him down as gently as possible. Severus was probably fairly certain of it as well. Hence why he never made it plain. "I suppose we can agree to disagree about each other's personal choices," Lydia said softly. "I haven't always approved of yours either." She let her eyes flicker down to his left forearm and she looked back up at his face, which darkened considerably at the obvious insinuation. The hand on his pint twitched a little, as if he was about to grab at his forearm, but he did not. He simply watched her, frowning. "I know," he finally said. For a brief moment, she wanted to ask him outright about the people he'd killed, tortured, maybe even raped. But she said nothing, simply staring at him. Getting the words out would have been too hard, and while she wanted to make a point, she didn't really want to know the answers. She didn't think she would be able to look at him the same, knowing the details. Knowing the gist of the truth was one thing. Knowing the whole truth was another matter entirely. "Just be careful not to open yourself up to more pain," Severus said softly. "Don't you think you've experienced quite enough?" She nodded numbly. Quite enough pain, for a lifetime at the very least. Perhaps even for Dumbledore's lifetime, however absurdly long that was. They sat in an even longer silence, finishing their drinks. The pub wasn't closing yet, but many people were already heading home. The war might have been over, but it was going to take some time for people to get used to the safety of being able to stay out all night, to be assured of the security that they wouldn't be cornered by Death Eaters walking into the night, murdered, and left somewhere public for a statement. Eventually, Severus said, "I know you want to ask about it, Lydia. Ask." She blinked, looking up at him, surprised. She took a moment to think of exactly what he was referring to, but from the look on his face there was no doubt what he was referring to. Her eyes flickered back down to his arm, then to his face. He didn't' look sad or embarrassed. Just determined. "When was the trial?" she asked softly. "Not two weeks after the war was over," he said casually, eyes darting around the pub again. "I was easy enough to pinpoint. I was fairly obvious." Lydia nodded. If she'd been going through a list of Death Eaters, even if she hadn't known Severus, she would have suspected him. Everyone was sure of it, even when they were in school. Likely Dumbledore had known, Slughorn, everyone really. And he was one of two Potions Masters in England. Since everyone knew Horace Slughorn had stayed out of the war, the things brewed at that caliber could really only have been done by Severus. And his potions during the war were something like famous. Whole pamphlets had been done just on them. "And how did you convince them you weren't a Death Eater?" "I didn't," he said, shrugging. "I made it very plain that I had been a Death Eater during the war. There was no point denying it. I am no coward. I was not about to claim the Imperius Curse like so many others." Lydia shivered a little at the flash of pride in his eyes. "No, they were convinced that I had changed my mind and the records were sealed." Lydia sat up a bit straighter. "How?" His eyes darted around the room again. "Dumbledore provided evidence," Severus said softly. "He vouched for my character." Lydia raised her eyebrows questioningly. "Dare I ask what this evidence is?" "I provided him with information," he said vaguely, leaning back as she leaned forward. He was uncomfortable, but she needed to know. "What information?" she demanded. "What sort of information?" His face was blank but she could tell from his posture that he felt cornered. The fact that he had not corrected his posture was a sign that he was flustered. "I was the one who informed Dumbledore that it was the Potters who needed to go into hiding," he said. He dropped his voice even lower and said, "The Dark Lord was targeting them instead of the Longbottoms." Lily. He had provided information to keep Lily safe to the only person he thought could manage it. Was that really turning? Had You-Know-Who's targeting of Harry actually changed anything in him? Or had his killing Lily finished the job? Lydia wasn't sure, and the whole thing made her a bit uneasy, but she understood his motivation. If she could have said something to get him out of his shell more, to get all of the answers, she would have done it, but he simply said, "I trust this will be between us." "Of course," she said, but she could feel a bit of pain in her chest at the very fact that he had to say it, as if she no longer knew how to keep their secrets. It bothered her that he would think something like that, that he would be so…so…distant. He sighed. "I don't mean to be short with you, Lydia. But this is very important, for my reputation and career and-" "How could it possibly hurt your reputation if people knew you turned for love?" she said, stunned. To her surprise, her lips were curving up into a smile. "All right, fine, you have your reasons. And I did say I won't say anything. But if it's such an issue, it's a wonder you're saying it to me, what with us being a public place especially." Severus scowled and said, "Well, no one is listening." "How can you be sure?" "I scanned the room and then did a nonverbal Muffliato." "Ah," she said. "I had forgotten that one. I don't know how it could have escaped me. A useful little spell, that one." Severus's lips twisted with annoyance. She hadn't meant to tease him, but she supposed it must have sounded that way. "Well, I reckon it's getting a bit late for me to be out, even with the war being over. And you still have to walk up to the school." "Hmm." "Severus, let's not part on bad terms." He sighed, nodding, pushing his drink away from him and standing up, leading her out of the pub. "I'm sorry for teasing," she said as they looked up at the moonlight. "I know." "To be fair, you teased me." "I always tease you, Lydia, when you're being foolish." The richness in his voice was fuller, deeper when they were in the open night air, the stillness of darkness in Hogsmeade. It was beautiful. She kept this thought to herself, though, knowing that he was touchy enough at the moment to take it as more teasing, especially after he'd chided her. Except he wasn't really chiding her. He was saying things he thought were facts. Perhaps they were facts. Lydia couldn't be bothered to try to tell the difference. "I wish we had this many stars in London," she said finally, feeling the cold air filling up her mouth as she spoke. "I think you'll find," he said levelly, "that stars are overrated. Good night, Lydia." He walked off down the high street without another word, and Lydia would have watched him go in confusion, but she knew she would not be able to see him properly. So she listened to the sound of his retreating footsteps until she decided she would not be able to understand his words that night, and then she turned on her heel, Disapparating, taking herself back to her London flat. She glanced at the night sky upon arriving. The moon was bright enough, but there was not a star to be seen.
She couldn't exactly call it a date. They were going through old photo albums, putting things aside that perhaps they could give to Harry when he was grown, when he was out of the clutches of Petunia and Vernon Dursley. Remus had brought a lot of things over to Lydia's flat because, well, "You're so much better at keeping these things than me." She didn't agree. After all, her keepsakes were destroyed. But perhaps what he meant was that she needed something to hold onto as much as he did, and she'd been without so long. "Sorry," Remus said, shaking off his threadbare jacket before setting it on a coatrack. "Bit wet outside." "Hardly your fault, is it?" she said in an attempt to joke. Remus smiled tightly. She sat down with him as he pulled out a box of things he'd magically shrunk and put in his pocket. He had filled it with lovely things, some things he informed her that he'd gone back to the cottage and salvaged for Harry with Dumbledore's intercession with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Lydia was a bit jealous that Dumbledore hadn't chosen her, since she was Lily's best friend. But then, Lydia hadn't been fully functional for some time, and she imagined that the shrine Severus described was already in place by that point. "Oh, this is lovely," she cooed, picking up a stuffed bunny she recalled Sirius giving to Harry on his first Christmas, among dozens of other gifts. "It's from…it's from Sirius, though. D'you think that'll matter?" Remus shrugged. "Growing up Muggle he won't even know who Sirius Black is. I see no reason for him to think it's from anyone other than his parents. Adults like to have things from their childhood. So I'm told." A dozen things could explain that bitter statement, but Lydia didn't pry. She couldn't imagine that any good would come of it. They stopped for tea about halfway through the box, and just as Lydia tried to move a bit closer to Remus he turned away from her, returning to the box, pulling out a photo album. "Here we are," he said, his voice full of jollity that she didn't believe. "You'll like this, I imagine." The pictures went all the way back to first year. "Merlin, we were so young then," she muttered, running her hand across the first page with the sentimentality she felt overwhelmed with. Her, Lily, Artemis, Mary. They had adorable, girlish faces, although Lydia was easily the thinnest of the four already. Tears threatened to form as she realized she would only get thinner as the album progressed until they graduated. Remus turned the page and there were the Marauders. Not handsome yet, not quite old enough. But Sirius was still quite attractive for a young boy, with all the markings of someone who would grow up to break hearts. James's hair seemed to stick up more than she remembered, and Peter had so much pudge that it was chilling to think that all they found of him after Sirius murdered him was a finger. She shivered. "Aw, look at you," she said, recovering as best she could, putting her finger on the shuffling feet of the young Remus in the picture. His face had fewer lines and scars, not a trace of gray in his hair. His eyes were a bit tired, but his smile was so bright with Sirius's arm around his shoulders that it was almost hard to notice if you weren't looking for it. Remus tensed a little. Perhaps she shouldn't have pointed out a picture where he and Sirius were standing together. "Oh, look," she said happily after a few pages had been flipped. They were in fourth year, Remus and Lydia were there with Lily, studying in the library. Lydia remembered that day well. Artemis had taken the picture, eager to document every possible closeness between Lydia and Remus in order to "prove" to Remus that they were meant for each other. Lydia smiled at the way her picture self was blushing. Hard to believe that in just a couple years' time Artemis would be trying to push Sirius and Lydia together instead. And then a couple of years after that, she was dead. "We would have been great," she muttered, feeling a bit bold. Perhaps it was the fact that there was nothing to lose anymore. Sirius wasn't in the picture. Remus had a job. Lydia was independent. What could the harm be in finally being together? "So much wasted time." Remus tensed beside her. She swallowed, contemplating how she might negotiate this tricky territory. After all, it would be easy to scare him away. She'd done it dozens of times before. They were older but in some ways they were still just children. Before Lydia could decide how to proceed, however, Remus snapped the album shut and scrambled to his feet. He set the album on top of the box. "I've got to go," he said, not meeting her eyes. "You said it was your night off." He shook his head, looking to the door. "We can't do this, Lydia. We can't…." Too soon? But it was nearly six months since Lily and James died, since Sirius was taken to prison, since Lydia had become alone in the world. And she and Remus, they'd been pulling back and forth for years. Was it really possible that too soon could exist for them? "Remus…." "I need to go." Without another word, without so much as a friendly parting, he pulled on his jacket and left, not looking back at her. Lydia stared at the door, too stunned too move for a long moment. Even after she managed to stand, she was still too stunned to cry. She simply ate a quick pasta dinner and curled up in bed with the photo album he had left, frowning at every picture with the two of them, wondering what she was going to do. The following morning was a Saturday. She woke to find the album had fallen on the floor in the night, open to a page from seventh year with Sirius, Lydia, Lily, and James all together, dancing at some party or another. Sirius in the picture was holding Lydia against him, kissing her ear, and the real-life Lydia was annoyed that her photograph self was giggling. Perhaps it tickled, but the anger didn't subside with reasoning. If she had only managed to push Sirius away in school perhaps she would have been with Remus all those years and none of this would have happened. Or it would have happened differently. She was a little startled for a moment when she walked out into the next room and saw the box of Lily and James's things, Harry's things, memories of them all from school, from the years just after school when they still thought they might be invincible. Her stomach turned and her eyes welled and she looked away. She wrote a quick letter to Severus telling him she didn't want to be alone, if he wasn't too busy to keep her company for a few hours, and then she sent it. Almost as soon as the owl took off she regretted the letter. He would think her foolish, tell her he'd warned her, tell her that there was no point whatsoever in thinking she should ever be with Remus. He would sneer at the mementos and make her tea and…and…. Well, perhaps he would be a bit kinder than that. Severus could be surprising when she needed him most. It was just a question of whether she actually needed him, or simply felt that she did. She fried up some eggs and sausages for breakfast, making a bit extra in case Severus came over quickly and hadn't eaten yet. Then she put on a kettle and sat down to the morning paper. It took some getting used to, pulling the paper to her and not seeing death's peppering the front page. The more time went on the cleaner the paper got, and Lydia wasn't sure how she felt about all of that. Obviously she was pleased that people weren't all being murdered in their beds for sport, but it felt artificial somehow, like the war was real and this normal life everyone was living was simply a substitute, a waiting in between bouts of chaos and disaster, and if she let herself get too used to this, if she let herself call this period of peace normal, she would be too soft to handle real life when it returned. She turned a few pages in, looking for something interesting, when a story with a rather large picture of a very familiar face caught her eye. Her old Arithmancy professor was smiling tiredly at her from the fourth page of the Daily Prophet, and Lydia blinked at him. He blinked back at her. Her eyes grazed the headline: Hogwarts Numbers Legend Retiring That seemed so strange to Lydia. He wasn't old enough for retirement, was he? Surely he was only about fifty something. Sixty something? Early sixties, if that. For a wizard that was actually quite young. How could he be retiring already? But then her eyes went back to the picture and she could see the weight in his eyes, the tightness in his sagging face. He was strained. He was old before his time. The war did that to all of them, aged them before they were ready to age. The ones who'd stayed out of it like Lydia and most of the professors – most of academia, actually – were only aged a bit, not like the fighters like Remus and Sirius had been. But it took its toll, nonetheless. Her eyes scanned the article eagerly, trying to get some sort of sense of why he was retiring, just to make certain it wasn't a serious health issue or anything like that. According to the article, there was nothing to be concerned about. He would be returning to Devonshire where his sister's children lived and settle quietly there. "I've had a good long run at Hogwarts," he was quoted as saying. "But I miss the sea." She closed the paper, pushing it away, not wanting to read anymore. For some reason, she would almost preferring having read of the deaths of half a dozen people she didn't know. He seemed happy to be retiring, but an overwhelming sadness was hitting her. This was the man who had seen her potential, who had given her guidance into her career, her passion. He'd started her into the world of academic Arithmancy, of research. If his career was over, and so young, how long would she last? The kettle began to bubble more anxiously and she got up to pour the tea. There was a chance, she reasoned, that more was going on here than the paper was allowed to discuss. Was he being pressured to step down? Retirements didn't usually get announced so early, only April, exams for the year not even begun. Could he actually have a health issue that they don't want to worry people about? If she remembered correctly, there was some sort of health colony for curse victims and degenerative magical illnesses in Devonshire. Or was it Cornwall? She stirred a small bit of sugar into her tea and glanced out the window. She could see Severus stalking up the street toward her building, a scowl on his face, his cloak billowing behind him menacingly. She smiled a little, glad she'd have someone to talk to. He'd know about the retirement issue if anyone did. She poured a cup of tea for him and was just finishing stirring in the honey when there was a knock at the door. "Coming," she called, hurrying out to greet him. He was scowling when she opened the door, but his face softened when he saw her. "You're all right," he said, slowly. "I was worried I'd find you in some sort of state." She didn't feel all right. "Ah, well," she said, frowning a little, stepping back to let him in. "I've just made tea." "What is this box?" "Things we're putting aside for Harry." He quirked and eyebrow and looked at her with a calculating gaze. "We," he said. "Lupin, I presume." "Ah, yes." "He was here this morning?" "Last night, actually." "Do tell." "I hope you don't find this amusing, Severus," she said sharply, frowning at him, feeling her embarrassment and hurt at the thought of having to tell Severus what Remus had said the night before. She regretted the letter all over again as she stormed into the kitchen. "Have you eaten?" "No." "Eggs?" "Yes, thank you. And on the contrary, Lydia. I find nothing amusing about the fact that you're still surprised that he's a prat." "He's not a prat," Lydia sighed, pushing food and tea in front of Severus before sinking into her chair again. "I just…I really thought…. Oh, go on and say that you told me so." Severus raised his eyebrows. She looked at him expectantly, but his face was softer than she anticipated, and she was surprised to see him shaking his head a little. "Lydia, there is a time and a place for that sort of thing, but this clearly isn't it." She looked back down at her plate and felt the warm relief flooding her body as she started to pick at her sausages. "Ah, I see you've opened your paper," he said darkly. "You saw the retirement announcement." "Yes." She paused, then stuck her fork back into one of the sausages and looked up at Severus. "He's doing it because he wants to, right? There's nothing else behind it?" Severus looked surprised and she felt another wave of relief. "Oh, no, nothing about it at all. He just wanted to ensure that Albus has plenty of time to secure a new professor. It's not an especially popular field, you know. And most of the people who will apply, I'm told, will be more or less comparable to each other, so the search is going to start early. Albus is hoping to have it filled by July so that he can get the booklist out in a timely manner. And he's got the Defense position to fill again." "Of course," Lydia said dryly. "You'll be applying, I suppose?" "Naturally." "Well, what is it this year?" she asked. "No death, I hope. You've not even started exams yet." Severus snorted as she finally cut her sausage and began to eat her breakfast. "Hardly," he drawled. "No, he's had a family emergency. Namely, his daughter has divorced her husband and moved his grandchildren to America. So now he's divorced his wife to chase after the grandchildren, because he says – so Pomona tells me – that they're the only human beings who make his life bearable." Lydia laughed, not realizing she was crying until a tear fell onto her plate. She wiped her eyes hastily and began cutting another piece of sausage. "Sounds very dramatic," she teased. "In its way," Severus said with a shrug. "Hogwarts is as it ever was. For those who spend the year there, it's the center of the universe, and so its goings on are all very dramatic." "I remember," she murmured, looking down at her plate again while Severus finished the last of his eggs. Everything had seemed like the end of the world then. It was partly the war, partly because she was a teenager, but she knew that he was right in that some of it had to do with Hogwarts being the whole of their world most of the year. "You know, you could do it," he said in a thoughtful voice that she got the sense he'd been practicing. This struck her as particularly odd, because Severus wasn't the type to prepare himself for conversations, not with her at any rate. "What?" she asked. "Do what?" "The teaching post," he said with a forced casualness that seemed ridiculous for him. Not nearly because he hadn't mastered it, but mostly because it reminded her absurdly of James trying to get Lily's attention in their early years at school, before he'd calmed down a bit and learned be behave like a human. "The Arithmancy one, I mean. Obviously you'd be rubbish at defense." "Thanks." "Well, you would," Severus scowled. "But you're excellent at Arithmancy, and it's an extracurricular course. You don't have to deal with dunderheaded first years, the people who take your course actually want to be there. And your CV is remarkable. Albus would probably take you in a heartbeat." Lydia smiled, stirring her tea a little and thinking of herself as a professor. The thought seemed a bit silly to her. She had absolutely no experience teaching. She'd never been particularly good with children. And she needed space for her work. She wouldn't give up publishing to teach schoolchildren. Sure, there was security in a job at Hogwarts – except for the Defense post – but the money was in publishing, the column she'd created. How could she possibly have time to grade all those papers, make all those assignments, teach all those hours, and then turn around and do her own research? "I doubt that would be a good idea," she said, teasing a little. "But then, you probably just want me making tea for you every evening, don't you?" He scowled at her a little, but she knew she'd hit it on the head. "Just think about it," he said. "Please. You know it would be something you would be good at, and the stability…." The stability would be good for her. He could be right about that, but the memories? Constantly being surrounded by the halls where her friends had walked with her, laughed with her, lived with her? Could she live with those ghosts? "All right," she said. "I'll think on it. But no promises. Now, would you like some more tea?"
After a few exchanges of letters, an apology from Remus, and Lydia trying to pass it off as nothing at all, she shouldn't have said anything, she was being silly, etc., Remus and Lydia decided that they were going to pass the afternoon of her birthday together as if nothing had happened. Of course, neither of them had ever been particularly good at that nothing-had-happened business, but they were always so eager to try. Despite the fact that it was Lydia's birthday and she should have been relaxing, enjoying herself, soaking up the day of her birth with a celebratory air (after all, one didn't turn twenty-two every day), she could not relax. She was busy making lunch, since Remus had work that night and wouldn't be able to stay for dinner – hence the afternoon affair – and Severus had agreed to come around for dinner anyway. She knew he was partly interested in spending some time with her on her birthday for a change, but mostly interested in finding out how her little "debacle" (as he called it) with Remus would turn out. She told him it wasn't like he thought, that he hadn't read the letters and didn't understand. She was telling herself more than him, thought. She knew it was exactly what he thought. Lydia was certain that with the right atmosphere, the right occasion, the right everything down the detail of what shade to paint her nails, Remus would manage to convince himself that he was being foolish and confess his love for her, his need for her, and they would finally be together. She'd been so overwhelmed by the fervor of this obvious revelation that she wondered how she had ever believed anything differently, had ever believed that she and Remus weren't absolutely meant to be together. Her flat wasn't really messy. She never allowed it to get that way. But it still took her several hours to clean, knowing that she was going to have Remus over. He said he was bringing cake and drinks, so she was simply taking care of lunch. He'd offered to do that as well, but she didn't want to strain his budget. A steady job wasn't exactly a well-paying one. And she had plenty of money to be buying food for the both of them once in a while, especially if he was buying alcohol. "Right," she said, putting a salad on the table. "Right. What else is there? Ah, of course, tea." She put the kettle on right as she heard a knock at the door. "Coming!" Lydia rushed to the door and opened it to find Remus balancing a few bags in one hand and a cake box in the other. "Take the bags, will you?" he said, and she took them, ushering him into the kitchen. "I was worried I'd drop it on the way here, but I managed alright. I hope you like it. It's raspberry filled." "I'm sure it'll be perfect," Lydia said, a bit breathless. "Lunch looks lovely," he said, smiling at the table. "Deviled eggs, Lydia?" "I like them," she said with a shrug, trying not to blush. She did enjoy deviled eggs, but she knew how much Remus loved them, and particularly how much he'd loved Mrs. Evans's recipe that Lily used to make. Lydia had found the recipe box in the box of things, and she had practiced it three times to be able to do it properly for that lunch. "They look delicious," he said, sitting down and straightening out his shirt, which had gotten a bit wrinkled with the walk over. "I hope you like the gift. It's not much, but…. Well, when's your next article coming out, then?" Remus and Lydia shared a pleasant lunch, chatting about nothing in particular, enjoying the pleasant solitude of each other's company without the tensions of their last visit. Lydia simply tried to play everything cool. She'd obviously pushed too hard before. She wouldn't make that mistake twice. Remus pushed the bag with her gift across the table toward her when they'd finished with lunch. "Open it, I'll do the dishes. No, Lydia, don't argue. It's your birthday. Open your present." Lydia clicked her tongue and complied, peeling open the bag and pulling out bits of tissue paper. She didn't have to ask why he'd used a bag instead of wrapping paper. She recognized the bag as one that Peter had used when gifting him a couple of years back: He was out of wrapping paper and couldn't afford to buy more at the moment. Besides, it wasn't gifting season, and Lydia was the only person left he gave presents to, anyway. Buying a roll of wrapping paper would be frivolous. But it stung at Lydia's gut to think of him having to make such decisions. It also stung to be reminded of Peter. He must not have thought of that. Inside was a set of dress robes she hadn't seen in years, and her heart nearly stopped as she pulled them carefully out of the bag. An exact match to the robes Mary had given her in school, the ones that had been destroyed in Sirius's first house. The ones she'd been thinking of the other day. "I looked for ages," he said softly. "I started looking when Lily told me they'd gone up with everything else in the attack." Lydia swallowed, running her fingers along the silk. "And we all agreed they were the most beautiful thing, and a piece of Mary. It took me years to find them, but I finally did last summer. And before you go on about how expensive they must have been, we all chipped in. Lily and James, Peter, Si – well, everyone. We meant to give them to you at Christmas, and I'd been chosen to hold on to them, put them in my Gringotts vault, because I was the least targeted at the time. Anyway, Christmas felt too soon. You weren't yourself then. But now…. It wasn't too soon, was it?" "Not at all," Lydia breathed, running her fingers across the beautiful silk. So light, so familiar. "Where did you find them?" "France, actually," Remus said, smiling sadly. "I'd been sent there to reach out to the werewolf community and I stopped in Paris on my way back. I was looking for something to read on the train and I found this little second-hand shop, and the woman said…. Well, I spent everything I had on them. The others paid me when I came back." Lydia wiped her eyes and smiled at Remus. "Thank you," she said softly. "Would you like some tea?" "Tea would be lovely," he said, blushing a bit. She got up and put the kettle on again, feeling his eyes on her. She couldn't find the words to express exactly how she felt in that moment. It was surreal seeing the robes again, almost as surreal as the first time Mary had given them to her, like she thought they must be meant for someone else. She had a brief stab of fear that she might not fit into them anymore, now that she was healthy. But then, she hadn't actually grown a size because her bone structure hadn't changed. Her clothes just fit her properly instead of bagging in awkward places. Remus had been holding onto this gift for months, waiting for the right time to give it to her, the right time to surprise her with a pleasant memory from the past. She frowned, though, pouring the tea. Those robes had been for Halloween. Lily and James died on Halloween. Her whole world fell apart on a Halloween. And that Halloween party when she wore those robes was actually the first time Sirius had properly kissed her, and in public and everything. Right in front of Remus. Wasn't that…wasn't it a bad association for him? She glanced at Remus, but she didn't have the courage to ask. It felt like the wrong timing to push. "Let's go in to the sofa," she suggested. "These seats aren't especially comfortable." This was for his benefit. She knew that his body took quite a lot of wear and tear every month, and was in essence much older than hers. Neither of them were young anymore, but he was truly old before his time. The war hadn't helped, but Lydia imagined it would be much the same regardless. "No," he agreed with a half-amused laugh. "No, I suppose you're right about that. Not very comfortable at all." They took their tea into the other room, right after Remus cut a couple slices of cake and put them on fresh plates. "For you," he said, handing her a plate. He sat further away from her this time, but Lydia didn't press him. She could not make that mistake, not again. "Do you remember," she said halfway through the cake, "that time in second year when James suggested you all try climbing down from the roof to the ground?" "Yes," he said, half wincing as he laughed. "Yes, I recall it well. And I told him that some of us weren't stupid enough to risk a seven-story fall." "He did have a back-up plan, to be fair." "If 'Rowe will catch you' counts as a back-up plan, I'm sorry, but you as a twelve-year old flier didn't seem like a good guarantee of my life." Lydia laughed. She could look back on it with confidence now because she actually had caught Peter and Sirius when they fell, but at the time she'd been absolutely terrified. Remus had flatly refused to participate, and stood on the ground instead, reading to avoid having to look up at their folly. In the end, James had been the only one who made it to the ground, and even he fell, but only from the second story. He broke his arm, but he was too proud of himself to care. "Madam Pomfrey was livid," Remus sighed, stirring his tea a little. "I mean, of all the times we had to go to the hospital wing, I don't think I've ever seen her more upset." "Not true," Lydia countered happily. "D'you remember the time in fourth year when Sirius tried to see how bad his allergy to Snargaluffs was?" They began to laugh, and exchange stories of all the mad things their younger selves had been privy to, since neither of them had partaken in much of the especially dangerous stuff. It was nice, having some quiet, happy time to reminisce. They hadn't done enough of it lately. With all the awkwardness from their meeting in April, so much was hanging in the air between them. Too much. Finally, Remus frowned and downed the last vestiges of tepid tea. He glanced at the clock. "Merlin, it's getting late. I expect you'll need to start thinking about dinner soon. I've got to head out. Can't be late." "This was fun," Lydia said, standing and smiling at him, walking him to the door. "When's your next day off?" He frowned. "Just before the next full moon." She blinked. That was a clumsy thing to ask. Still, he recovered from it quickly, not appearing to be offended or extra-eager to leave. "Right," she sighed. "Well, maybe we could get brunch this weekend or something. The weather's nice. I want to get out of the flat sometimes, you know?" "I'll see what I can do," he said, smiling and saying a pleasant, friendly farewell before heading off into the rain again. She rushed to the kitchen to watch him walk down the street to the alleyway where he would Disapparate back to his own part of London. She barely had time to sigh, wish he was back, and run her fingers through her hair before she had to start clearing away the signs of Remus and making dinner for when Severus would arrive. He'd offered to bring some food for them, but she wouldn't hear of it. He was becoming increasingly anxious to set her up at Hogwarts, and no doubt he'd bring along something from the kitchens in an effort to make her miss the place enough to not sit and consider the options rationally. She wasn't even sure she wanted to apply. She'd just put the steaming peas on the table when Severus knocked on the door. Lydia rushed out to greet him. The rain must have let up a bit, only a little dusting of dewy mist covered him, although from the look on his face one might think that the skies had opened up over his head the moment he'd stepped into open air and not let up until he stepped out of it. "Happy birthday, Lydia," he said, handing her a small stack of parcels. "What's all this?" she said, surprised. "When I told Albus that I would be coming here for dinner he insisted on sending a present, and then Minerva heard about it, and then your precious Arithmancy professor heard that it was your birthday, and this pile I've been forced to deliver like a pack mule is the result of nobody at Hogwarts being able to mind anybody else's business." Lydia tried to stifle a giggle but failed. "Well, Severus," she said fighting a smile, "I never expected you to be so much like a cat." "I beg your pardon," he growled, following her into the kitchen. "Get you the least bit wet and you turn into the world's most grouchy person. As I'm sure you could have guessed, I'm flattered to be receiving so many presents. I really hadn't expected…. Not considering…." Her words fell off and she frowned slightly, motioning for him to put the parcels on the counter. As he turned back from doing so his face was considerably softened. "Dinner looks delicious," he said. He wasn't sheepish. Severus was rarely anything that resembled sheepish. But he was certainly trying to make amends for his poor behavior on greeting her. "Thank you," she said happily. "Remus brought a cake as well. Would you like a slice?" "I despise cake," he said dully. "How was your pet werewolf? Any better trained?" She gave him the best unamused expression she could muster and returned to her peas. "Remus was fine. Before you asked, nothing interesting happened, good or bad. I doubt you'll want to hear any more about it." "Your doubt is well founded." They finished dinner talking about all the silly things Severus's students were doing now that exam time was upon them. He had absolutely no patience for anything less than excellence, and even then only a certain, quiet time of excellence that reminded him of himself as a child. Lydia would have rolled her eyes, except it didn't seem the right time to do it. Imagining Sirius as a professor was really one of the hardest things in the world. "Presents," she said happily, and Severus retrieved the parcels, placing them in front of her and sitting down to watch her open them. "Any particular order?" Severus shook his head. She started with the one on top, which was from Professor McGonagall. It was a lovely, warm-looking tartan scarf. "That's very sweet of her," she said, thinking how the tartan particular to McGonagall's clan wouldn't look especially wonderful with Lydia's coloring, but she could always wear it for extra warmth around the flat when she didn't feel like using magic. The next was from Professor Dumbledore, a box of assorted meads from Hogsmeade. Severus smirked when he saw what the gift was, and she raised an eyebrow at him. "What?" "Oh, it's just that I think Albus has already set his mind more on procuring you than I realized." "What do you mean?" Severus actually laughed. Lydia blinked. He said, "Albus was telling me that he very much wanted you to apply for the position, and the governors seem to have their hearts set on you as well." "What does that have to do with the gift?" she asked, absolutely not making a connection. "That's exactly what he gives all the professors on their birthdays. Except for Professor Trelawney." "Why not her?" "She's an alcoholic." Lydia nodded. There was something very odd about receiving a present that Severus associated with being a Hogwarts professor. The next parcel was from the Arithmancy professor, and she realized, opening the slightly-dusty box that it was full of notes. Half-finished theorems, partially articulated corollaries. Some of them seemed off-base, but quite a few seemed to have promise at first glance. There was a note taped to the side of the box, she realized. Lydia, It is strange, not thinking of you as Miss Rowe. Severus tells me that you are the beautiful, accomplished young woman I suspected you would become. I didn't need to ask him to know of your academic achievements. I read every article you publish. As I'm sure you've heard, my time as a scholar is at its end. Perhaps I could continue with the meager research I've tried to put out in the last twenty years, but after reading your work it would seem inadequate. I am passing along my notes to you, to see what you will make of them. If you're ever in Devonshire, feel free to call. And perhaps it seems strange, but I'd like to think that I'll pass on more than these notebooks. Drop in on Albus. Hogwarts could benefit from your presence, and I suspect you could benefit from it as well. -R Greene Lydia blinked back a few tears and wiped her eyes, pulling Severus's parcel toward her without saying a word. It was the smallest of the bunch, but that didn't disappoint her at all. She peeled off the wrapping, opened the box, and found inside a small, leatherbound notebook. She looked up at him and he said, "I don't want to look at it anymore. I don't want to think about it. You're good at keeping things. And who knows, perhaps you can make something of it." She flipped open the cover to find his tidy, tight, spiky script covering the pages. These were Severus's notes from the war, from his years as a Death Eater. These were the potions he created that killed who knows how many hundreds of people. There were a few spells scattered in the margins as well, things he'd created or improved. Her heart was pounding. Part of her was horrified, but she knew what this meant to him, to hand this notebook over to her. She knew what it meant for their friendship. Lydia swallowed and said, "Thank you, Severus. I'll see what I can do." He nodded. "Make some good out of it, will you?" His voice was slightly pained, but she nodded and looked down at the pages again, flipping through the heavy parchment leaves, wondering what good could possibly come from such horribly Dark work. But she would try. "Tell Dumbledore I'll be dropping in when the term's over." A/N: Yep, that's what she said! :D Exciting. This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer LilyHellsing, who is hopefully still reading after my embarrassingly long response/update hiatus. I'm graduating this weekend, for those of you who are curious why there's been a sudden influx of material from me, this story particularly. This is the only one I've not packed up the notes for. Well, In the Midst notes may or may not still be on my floor. But they'll be packed soon as well. Krysia & Gwaine notes are all (well, mostly) computerized, so I may do some updates of those this week. But starting next week, I've got nothing to do but write and occasionally drive people places. LOOK FORWARD TO AMAZING UPDATE SPEED! :D Also, as you all may have noticed, this story's taken a bit of a shift, for obvious reasons that are obvious. This is sort of part two, if you will, of this mega-epic. This chapter, right here, is sort of the end of part one, if you will. I would have marked it after November, but things took a while to stabilize, and she's just now starting a new chapter of her life (get it, chapter? Lols). Part two really consists of the interwar years, the time before Harry starts Hogwarts. All that stuff y'all have been bugging me about for ages, wanting to see more of Sev, wanting to see Sev and Lydia get closer, wanting to see Lydia interact with the world outside Sirius's house? That stuff is ALL ABOUT TO HAPPEN. Get excited. Get really frigging excited. Also, whoever reviews next, by my records, is going to be review number 200. Want that to be you? REVIEW. -C
Stepping inside Hogwarts after so many years away had been the very essence of surreal. Lydia found herself sitting across a large, cluttered desk from Albus Dumbledore. She licked her lips and glanced around at the portraits of former headmasters, who were sleeping. All except Phineas Nigellus, who was looking at Lydia with a sinister sort of consideration. He must have known that she and Sirius had been together. His great-great-great-great (had she missed a great?) grandson with a half-blood. The thought surely vexed the man to no end. "You didn't need to bring me a CV, my dear," Dumbledore said with a smile. "I am quite well-versed in all of your many fantastic accomplishments." She could feel herself beginning to blush as he flipped through a file on his desk. She noted how thick it was, realizing that he must have every article she'd ever published in it. "Thank you, professor." "Call me Albus, Lydia. You haven't been a student for several years now. Would you care for a licorice snap?" Lydia glanced at the bowl of innocent-seeming black treats, but she knew how vicious they could be and shook her head. Dumbledore shrugged and took a few, popping them happily into his mouth. "Now," he said happily, "let me see…. Severus asked you to apply, I assume?" "Yes." "He was very insistent that you would be the best candidate for the job. Do you agree with him?" Lydia wasn't expecting these sorts of questions. She'd never had a job interview before, and she was expecting things like what sorts of qualities she possessed that she thought would be helpful. But then, Dumbledore had known her well enough from school, and she hadn't changed much. "I don't know," she said honestly. "I don't know who else is applying." His lips tipped into a kindly smile. "That is very true," he mused. "But you know yourself. Would you say you're well-qualified for the job?" Lydia thought about what her professors had done, that she could see. They lectured, administered exams, marked essays and exams, assigned grades. That seemed simple enough. There was some measure of expectation for keeping discipline, but mainly that fell on the shoulders of heads of houses, and Lydia was fairly certain that such a title would never be part of her own job description. "I think so, sir," she said, nodding. "Please, Lydia. Albus, remember?" "Sorry." "Never you mind. Now, as far as your qualifications, you're certain well-qualified," Albus said, not even looking at her CV or file. "If we'd had an opening, I would have tried to get you right out of school, and I wouldn't say that about most students, even some who have become phenomenal professors. Horace Slughorn, for example, worked for a solid seven years before he managed to get a teaching post. And you know Severus likely wouldn't have been hired if the position had been open sooner, either." Lydia thought that the situation with Severus had less to do with qualification and more to do with who he was serving at the time, but she said nothing. She recalled Severus telling her to tell no one, and she wasn't sure how much she was actually supposed to know about their arrangement. "I obviously have to interview the other candidates," Albus said cheerfully, "but I expect that I know enough about you already to know whether or not you would be a good fit for our staff. Now, is there anything you want to know now that would make the decision easier for you, should you be offered the post?" Again, Lydia was caught off guard by a question she had not expected. "Oh, well…. What are expectations for things like residency and time commitment?" "Most of our professors go home on holidays," he said, fingers brushing the corner of the file without looking at it. "Several always stay for Christmas and Easter. We need people around to keep things in order. Professors have the option of making Hogwarts their permanent residence, but few decide to take that offer. Currently Sybill, Minerva, Argus and myself are the only permanent residents of the building. Unless you elect to take on additional responsibility, your only obligation is to be present when term is in session. "As far as time commitment, that is also mostly up to you. Some of our more…dedicated professors spend quite a lot of time on their marking and devising of assignments and exams. Some of our less…dedicated professors spend much less. The first year or so takes more time because you've not taught the materials before. Professor Binns, for example, has been teaching the same curricula for… oh, I forget off the top of my head exactly how long, but since the very beginning of his career." A long time indeed, Lydia mused. She wondered what the ghost professor did in his spare time, but that was a thought to think of later. "You will have time for more of your research and writing if you choose," Dumbledore said, still smiling at her. "I expect that is why you were asking." "Ah, yes." "I will be informing applicants of the final decisions next month," he said, "and then if you are selected we will work on the rest of the timeline. It's all fairly basic. I will say that you are a highly favored candidate, so it wouldn't hurt to think strongly over the next month on whether this is what you really want to do. But unless you have further questions…?" "No, no I don't think so." "Very well," Dumbledore said, standing, smiling, holding out his hand. She shook it, surprised at how firm his grip was. "We'll be in touch. Take care of yourself, Lydia. I look forward to read the next piece in the series." Lydia nodded, smiling at him, feeling surprisingly happy as she walked out of his office, down the little spiraled staircase, into the corridor. Her feet knew the way from there, down, down, down, to the entrance hall, out into the open air, down the path to the gates. Hogwarts in the summer was a pleasant place. She could recall quite vividly the feel of summer air on her skin, lying on the grass by the lake with Lily and Artemis and Mary, talking about exams, about the future, about who they fancied and how much Lily couldn't possibly fancy James. Lydia glanced at the lake one last time before walking out of the gates, feeling her stomach turn slightly, recalling how happy and naïve and hopeful they all were. She should have known better. Even if the others were going to believe they had futures, she had seen death. The strangest feeling, like she'd taken all their lives for granted, like it was her fault they were all dead for not realizing that they were all just as mortal as her parents, just as fragile. Severus was right, Albus Dumbledore did seem to really want her on the staff. He hadn't told her who else was applying, but Severus had suggested a few profiles that she could attach to people in the field she had read, one she had even met. They weren't especially patient people, all very attached to their books, none of them had children that she knew of, and one didn't even speak English very well and published all his work in French first, in English only with the help of a paid translator. If she decided to work at Hogwarts, if everything worked out in that direction, there would be sacrifices. Lydia was no fool. Even if she made time for publishing, for research, she would hardly have the sort of time she already did. The column would have to end. Perhaps a piece, maybe two a year. Less than that would simply be lazy, but more would be stretching herself very thin. Even if she assigned light homework, gave herself little grading, wrote exams that were simple to mark, the sheer number of hours she would be teaching classes would be a large chunk out of every week during term. She would have access to the Hogwarts library, though. And Severus had told her that her office and quarters would have plenty of space of her to do her own study in. She didn't need a lot of space compared with his Potions work, but Lydia liked the option of somewhere to spread out her papers. Hogwarts was also fairly well insulated from sounds, and she hated being able to hear cars passing in her flat while she was trying to work. Putting up Charms every few hours was bothersome. And then there were the grounds. She could walk the grounds in good weather and ponder, think. That seemed all the space in the world, even though she was older, had seen more of the world, and knew that it wasn't the end of the universe. Standing on the path, it had still felt like a vast expanse of space at her disposal. "But the memories," she muttered to herself, stepping into the Hogsmeade high street. The familiar, friendly shops were only bearing the slightest signs that a war had ever been in Scotland. Everything appeared to be well on its way to recovery, if not fully recovered. A small amount of gloom still hung on the air, but that was something that would fade with time, and seemed to have faded considerably since her last visit, not so long ago. Working at Hogwarts, she would not have a truly fresh start. Everywhere she turned there would be reminders of her friends, of her enemies, of good days she missed and bad ones she'd sooner forget. She wouldn't be alone all of the time, of course. She would have Severus with her in the castle, and professors she had liked very much as a student would be her colleagues. And without the restrictions on students of leaving the castle and grounds, she could meet up with Remus whenever she wanted apart from teaching hours in the village. As she walked up the high street, a smile grew on her face without her realizing it. The more she thought about Hogwarts, despite her concerns, the more she realized that she actually wanted the job. She Disapparated back to her street and went up to her flat quickly, letting herself in and tossing herself onto the sofa, licking her lips and staring up at the ceiling. The house-elves would take care of the cooking and cleaning that took up the time she didn't spend working, she reasoned. That was surely more than enough time to do her teacher's duties. Her time spent researching and writing wouldn't have to change much at all. Perhaps she couldn't commit the way she had before, and perhaps she could do more long-term projects. But she didn't have the job yet, she reminded herself. She started work on dinner. Remus was coming over. No, she would have to start thinking about arrangements to be made if she did get the job, but she still had a month of waiting until she knew. Lydia laughed a little to herself. She had come a long way, it seemed, since school. It wasn't so long ago, really, when such a decision would have been endlessly daunting. She would have consulted at least three people and taken the whole month to make up her mind. Instead, she stood there, tapping her fingers on the dinner table, excited to tell Remus all about the job she hoped she would be offered. He would be proud of her, she knew. She hoped. He was tired. It was the day after the full moon, but when she let him in, he smiled anyway. "I told you we could have waited a week and done lunch," she said a little nervously. "You're sure you're fine?" "I'm recovering well," he lied. She could tell by the way his hand shook that it had been a rough moon. No good would come of embarrassing him, though. Lydia was so excited about her job interview and decision that she forgot to be nervous around Remus that night, and Remus was too tired to be nervous around Lydia. They were pleasant, contented, natural, the way they hadn't been since they'd fallen for each other as young teenagers. If Lydia had time to think about it she might have preferred it to her typical anxiety, but then if she'd had time to think about it she would have been anxious and the whole thing would have been ruined. "I was wondering," Lydia said, smiling a little after they'd eaten, "if you wanted some desert perhaps? A little celebration." "What are we celebrating?" Remus asked, smiling back. "Have you got a book coming?" "Oh," Lydia laughed. "No, nothing like that. No, actually, I've had a meeting with Dumbledore." "Dumbledore?" "Yes, they need a new professor for Arithmancy. Perhaps you saw in the paper?" Remus shook his head. "Well, Sev asked me to apply, and I did. I thought, you know, why not? It's nice to have something to do, something to distract myself with when things get lonely. And even with you both visiting fairly often things get very lonely. So I went to talk with him. I think it's very likely that I'll be hired." Remus blinked at her, his smile a little tight. "Oh, yes," he said, nodding. "Let's celebrate that, then." It wasn't until they'd had a couple of glasses of champagne that Lydia realized exactly what was wrong with what she'd done. Remus had always wanted to be a professor. He'd dreamed of teaching Defense in the way that Severus now coveted the job. Never mind the fact that it was cursed. They both would have been excellent at it, and neither man figured they had much to lose. Severus was atoning for his sins. Remus was atoning for someone else's. Lydia hadn't stopped to consider the fact that Severus at least already had a teaching post. Sure, the job Remus had at the moment was nice, pleasant, had good hours and worked with him whether or not the realized what he was yet. But he wasn't living his dream. He likely didn't think he deserved to live his dream. It was silly, but Remus had thought many a sillier thing. "You know," Lydia said thoughtfully, trying to lessen the tension, trying to think of a way that would make him less envious, "maybe I shouldn't do it." Of course she still wanted to, but it would be better if he didn't resent her success in something he couldn't have. Remus blinked at her, frowning. "What on earth do you mean?" "Well, I wouldn't be a very good professor, would I? You have to have discipline, stand up to people. I don't think I can do that. I only managed to stand up to Sirius once in a blue moon. And..." She shrugged. Despite the fact that it was more for show than anything, she did believe the words a little. As with anything, Lydia had her fears. She had a very real fear that she would not manage to teach properly, to be as good as the professors who had come before her. "Don't be absurd," Remus said, smiling. He moved a bit closer, but there was nothing expressly romantic in it. "You'll do wonderfully. You're brilliant. What more is there?" "They won't listen to me." "From experience, I think the teenage boys will be hanging on your every word." There was just a bit of bitterness in his tone. Lydia frowned, thinking how Sirius hadn't paid attention at all to what she said. Except...except that once when she told him about her parents. He'd listened to every word, the one time she'd felt confident that he cared about her, and not just someone he imagined her to be. "Remus, can I ask you something?" she said softly. "I...I don't want it to be uncomfortable, but it's about Sirius." He flinched at Sirius's name and she looked away, down at the floor. "Anything." Lydia took a long moment to gather her thoughts. She wanted to give herself one shot at this question, to sum it up in a way she could understand and appreciate. In all the time they had been together she had never fully understood. "Why did he love me?" When he said nothing she looked up and saw that he had a sad, distant smile on his face. He met her eyes and said, "Love doesn't have to have reasons." "But did it?" Perhaps he was right about that, but it wasn't satisfying. Remus shrugged and said, "I cannot say for certain. Obviously I didn't know him as well as I thought I did. But if you would have asked me before everything happened, I would have said he loved you because you're beautiful, talented, and fragile." Lydia frowned. "Oh, not fragile exactly. But...damaged? I don't know how to explain. There's something in the way you carry yourself, the way you walk. It lets us know, those of us who have suffered, who can see such things, that you've suffered immensely. And unlike James and Lily and Peter who really only got it during the war, it's something you've always had. You're pretty and pleasant and watching you play Quidditch or talk about numbers is exhilarating, but it's that...that something. He knew you could understand how nobody else could." After a long while, Lydia nodded. She knew that Remus could have been speaking as much about himself as about Sirius. It wasn't wholly satisfying, but then, nothing would be, especially after what Sirius had done. Remus took his leave, saying goodnight and taking the Floo home. Lydia didn't want him Apparating after drinking. She stared out the window into the night, rubbing the heels of her hands on the corner of the windowsill, wondering what that damaged posture was, that air Remus had talked about, and why she'd never seen it before, when she'd known so many damaged people.
Lydia wrapped her fingers around the stem of the wine glass. She'd been eagerly waiting for Albus's response to her application, and Remus had been keeping her company as often as possible. "I don't like you being alone like this," he had told her. "Like what?" "Like you're about to go on a cleaning spree and not emerge until there is news." Lydia didn't mind the company. Remus hadn't exactly made another move to kiss her, but he had started moving a bit closer to her in a quiet way as they sat together. Severus, of course, teased mercilessly, but that was his way. "I've been thinking," Remus said as they sat on her sofa, drinking wine, listening to the sound of cars on the street below through the partially opened window. "Do you remember... Well, do you remember when you joined the Quidditch team?" Lydia laughed. How could she forget? James had seen her hit someone (she no longer remembered who) during a food fight the Marauders had instigated and was impressed with her aim. He wouldn't rest until she tried for the team. Lydia had been certain she wouldn't be good enough, that she would be off the hook, but of course James was always right. "Yes," she said softly. "Yes, I remember. What made you think of it?" "Oh, nothing in particular," Remus said with a small frown. "I just had a memory of you flying and I was thinking how...effortless it looked. I never really cared for flying, but when I was watching you in the trials I thought it looked like the most wonderful thing." Lydia did like flying. In spite of her displeasure at being under the scrutiny of the whole school, she had loved the exhilaration of Quidditch, even when James was at his worst as a captain, pushing and prodding and making her a little miserable. The feeling she got on a broomstick was second in her life only to the feeling she got when she was particularly close to solving a new equation, or when she was especially close to Remus. It was a feeling that she had some sort of power and control over her life, that she was achieving things she desired, that she deserved good things. She felt more alive in those moments. "It's been too long," she said sadly. "I really ought to play again. I miss being in the air. Just a little bit." Remus nodded. "You know," he said after a long pause," it hasn't been a full month yet, has it? Really, he did say within a month, didn't he? Perhaps he's giving himself the fullest amount of time he can." "A full month is tomorrow," Lydia said, running her fingertips along the stem of the wine glass. "Did you... Sorry, I have to ask about something from school." "Oh?" "Did you ever...actually kiss Missy? From Ravenclaw." Remus blushed. "Sirius started that rumor ages ago," he said, shaking his head slightly. "He was trying to get girls to take more action. He thought it would be good for me, would make me take my love life into my own hands." "I see," Lydia said. She took a long sip from her wine glass. She still didn't like the taste very much, but she found that if she got the right sort it wasn't so bad. Eventually, she would get used to it. Severus had told her as much. "Did it work?" Remus looked down at his hands and frowned. "No. No, as you well know, I still didn't have the courage to go after what I wanted. And I had even less of the courage it took to take what I wanted when it was right in front of me." Her heart was pounding. She hadn't meant to lead things so obviously back to them, to her love for him, to his love for her, but it seemed that everything came back to that, in the end. Without thinking, she licked her lips. The wine on them was distracting, but not enough. Her face was growing hotter. "Why Missy?" "She was in on it," Remus said, his voice a sort of forced casual that was just a bit higher than normal. "She'd been with Sirius for a little while and had been very discrete. She was believable, and they'd ended things on good terms. It seemed perfect at the time." Lydia had always been immensely jealous of Missy, thinking that Missy had gotten what Lydia wouldn't have for years, and never in the way she desired. But now she found that she'd been jealous over nothing, although that seemed to have been the plan, in a way. Even after so much time Lydia found it hard to understand why Sirius had spent so much time and energy trying to get Remus and Lydia together, only to decide he didn't want them together after all. He must have been more lonely and broken than she'd realized. Or perhaps more selfish and calculating. When they finished their wine Remus said that he had to get some shopping done before work and she saw him to the door. To her surprise, when he said his words of parting he paused, his eyes flickering from her eyes down to her lips, then back up to her eyes. Her heart began to race again. It was just a small brush of the lips, something that she should hardly categorize as a kiss after so many years of being an adult, of being kissed properly, but the feelings, the sensations of it felt more of a kiss to her than anything Sirius had ever done. As Remus left, Lydia could feel herself getting excited. Once again, the future seemed to unfold before her rapidly, a future filled with Remus and happiness that she'd long since thought belonged to someone else. There was hope after all. He had kissed her twice now without pushing her away. If she was clever, if she handled the matter delicately, everything would work out. She was certain now. Everything would be just fine. Lydia was humming to herself as she took the glasses into the kitchen and quickly rinsed and washed them. A knock at the door startled her out of her moment of quiet bliss. "Coming!" Standing at the door where Remus had just taken his leave was Albus Dumbledore, and the way he was smiling said everything she needed to know. "Good afternoon, Lydia," he said. "May I come in?" "Of course, sir." "Albus." "Yes, sorry. Albus. It takes some getting used to." "Well, I hope not too much getting used to," he said with that knowing smile, blue eyes twinkling brilliantly. "I've officially gotten approval from the governors. If you decide to accept it, I am pleased to offer you to job of the new Arithmancy professor at Hogwarts." The day just seemed to get better and better. "Thank you, professor," Lydia said, smiling. "Would you like some tea?" "Oh, yes, I think I would like some. Albus, though, dear. Albus." "Sorry. I will get it eventually." She led him into the kitchen and put the kettle on, still humming to herself as she readied the leaves. When she'd poured and prepared the tea she sat down across from him, still humming slightly. "Is there some formal way to accept the offer? Any traditional aspects of employment I'm utterly unaware of?" He smiled and handed her an envelope. She broke the familiar scarlet seal of Hogwarts. Inside was a thick parchment detailing the terms and conditions of the offer of employment. She scanned it for information on expectations of her as a professor, as well as the salary and benefits offers. Of course it all seemed perfectly reasonable to her, as she had never seen another offer and didn't have anything to compare it to. Realizing that it wouldn't be prudent to accept without learning more she looked up at Albus questioningly. "How...how do I know how good of an offer it is?" To her confusion, he laughed. For a brief moment she was offended, but she realized he was laughing from surprise. He collected himself, still beaming with amusement as he said, "Well, my dear, it happens to be one of the best offers we've made in years. Obviously our offers for Defense professors fluctuate based on what we have available to us. Generally speaking, however, you are receiving about two and a half times the average starting salary of a professor in this country. Your list of publications helps with that, and your reputation of a scholar promising to publish much more in the future. The governors believe that you will bring quite a bit of academic glamor to the school." Lydia wasn't certain how she felt about this expectation the governors had. After all, she had absolutely no experience teaching, and she wasn't sure how working at Hogwarts would be for her writing. Would it be a conducive environment for further study? She hadn't published anything she'd worked on even a little bit at Hogwarts in years. They had given her much to live up to, but it didn't seem prudent to turn down the offer on those grounds. "Very well," she said. "I think I have no objections to that." "Excellent," Dumbledore said brightly. "I would warn you, though, not to share your salary information with any other professors." Lydia gave him a puzzled look and he explained, "We have turned Severus down for the Defense position once again. And I suspect that he will be fairly sullen for a while. He would take it better than some that you're making more than several seasoned professors on no teaching experience, but now may not be the best time for him to learn such things. And if you cannot tell Severus something, I sense that it is better to tell no one." Lydia felt an overwhelming sense of being back in the war. Severus's words of warning echoed in her head. Trust no one. "Perhaps you are right," she said slowly. "Do I need to sign something or...?" Albus produced a contract with a wave of his wand. It was the same terms she had just read, so the reading was not required to be as cautious or extensive. She scanned the contract for any anomalies, found none, and quickly signed at the bottom. "Excellent," Albus said cheerfully. "Excellent. Severus will no doubt help you with any and all necessary arrangements, but if you have any questions for me never hesitate to ask." "Thank you," Lydia said, watching him finish his tea. She got the sense that there was something more to say, something he expected her to ask, or that he was waiting for her to answer without a posed question. Licking her lips, she glanced around the room. Her eyes fell on the wine glasses and a blush came to her cheeks. "Remus was over," she said, her voice full of explanation, although she tried to seem as casual as possible. "Was he? How is he faring?" "Well, I think." She barely heard the breathlessness of her own voice, just as she missed the particular twinkle of knowingness in Dumbledore's eyes. She waited a bit longer, but the tension of expectation had gone from the room. Instead, Lydia found herself happily calmed. "Well, now, I must be getting back up to the school," Albus finally said in his cheerful way, setting the teacup back down on the table. "I will keep you apprised of anything I will need your input on, either directly or through Severus. Would you like me to inform him of your contract, or should I save the news for your next interaction? A surprise, perhaps?" Lydia smiled. "He won't be surprised. You can tell him, if you'd like." "Thank you, my dear. I believe I shall." With that, Dumbledore left her on her own, and Lydia found herself too excited to accomplish much of anything. Instead, she made herself a quick dinner and went straight to bed, having peaceful dreams of the future, both at Hogwarts and with Remus. Finally, things in her life seemed to be looking up. The next morning, Lydia had barely pulled herself out of bed and started the kettle when there was a knock at the door. "Merlin," she muttered to herself. "This time of morning? Perhaps...perhaps it's Remus." This excited her, and she checked her hair in the kitchen mirror before hurrying out to the door. Remus was not looking back at her, however, but Severus's dark eyes twinkled down at her. "Good morning," he said, and although he seemed pleased she detected that he was still upset, undoubtedly he had also heard that he would not be the Defense professor once again. Lydia then realized what Dumbledore had done, using her news as his own sort of news for Severus. He was softening the blow of having to refuse him the position. For a brief moment she felt used, but then she thought of how upset Severus might have been if Albus hadn't done it, and she relaxed slightly. If there was anything Lydia was understanding of to a fault, it was keeping the peace. "I was just about to make breakfast," she said, smiling a little. "Have you eaten yet?" To her surprise, Severus ignored her greeting and pulled her into a firm and uncharacteristically open sort of hug. She hugged him back more from instinct than anything else, frowning a little as she rested her head on his chest. Was he really so out of sorts from the refusal to grant him the position? "Are you all right?" she asked, pulling out of the hug. "Am I not allowed to hug my best friend?" he said, raising a single eyebrow. "I have already eaten. Congratulations, by the way, on your new position. Albus informed me last night." "Thank you," Lydia said, leading him into the kitchen, feeling uneasy. She didn't like seeing Severus like this. As she ate her dinner, Severus watched her in a neutral silence she couldn't read, and that very inability to read him made her especially uncomfortable. "We will need to plan your lessons," he said slowly. "A general plan of course. You can fill in the details as you go through your first year." "Lesson plans?" "Yes," Severus said, stretching his arms out casually on the table, leaning toward her. "A general outline of what you'll be teaching when, to which grade levels. It will be easier for you. No first or second years to worry about. That would make everything easier, no doubt." Lydia listened as he gave her a list of things to think about when making a lesson plan, and the longer the list got the more discouraged she felt. He frowned at her when he realized she was not listening, but stirring her tea absently, staring at him. "What is it?" "You said I would be able to do this," Lydia said softly. "But there's so much work that I... Severus, I don't feel prepared for this." He sighed. "Lydia, give yourself a bit of credit. You're intelligent, kind, and have a good memory. You know what's typical to be taught when, because it wasn't that long ago when you took these courses yourself. Here, I'll make it easier for you. Let's do it now. I'll help you." She thanked him and led him into her study where they sat down and worked through her lesson plans together, Severus scrawling it out for her as she answered his questions. "No, Severus," Lydia said, shaking her head. "They didn't usually talk about inverted coefficients until the tail end of N.E.W.T. year. I studied ahead." "Ah, my mistake," he muttered. She smiled a little, sadly, as he scribbled away, eagerly helping her sort through the memories of her school years. Having Severus to help her was refreshing, almost comforting. Knowing that focusing on her needs was helping him handle his own rejection was also a bit of a comfort. But Lydia did feel overwhelmed, her rush of excitement from the day before completely vanished. "There," Severus muttered, setting down the stack of parchment they'd done up. "That is a decent start." He looked up and Lydia looked away, glancing at the door. She heard him sigh. "Sorry," she muttered. "I'm just not... This is more than I anticipated. I didn't make a mistake, did I? Accepting this job..." "Of course you didn't," Severus said, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. "This will be good for you, having things to occupy your time with. And there is no one better qualified for the job." Lydia made a noise of disbelief. "If there had been, Albus would have hired them instead and you know it. You're ready for a change. And I will help you every step of the way." Perhaps her fear was from the knowledge that with all of this extra responsibility, she would have less time with Remus, if she had much time with him at all. Professors had time of their own, but with so much work to do... And he had very little time of his own to begin with. They would have to work around two schedules instead of just the one. The timing seemed inopportune, just after so little time of having been growing together. They hadn't even talked about the kisses yet. But she had made a commitment to Albus, and one that she felt very keenly she didn't want to break. "Very well," she said slowly. "I suppose...I suppose you're right. This will be good for me." They had been apart for years, had been in love in spite of all of the obstacles, ones far more difficult than simply being a professor at Hogwarts. Lydia felt certain, watching Severus glance through the plans they'd just made, that everything would work out all right in the end, and that taking this position would not be the end of her possible relationship with Remus.
Although she would not be moving in at Hogwarts until the morning of the first of September, Lydia felt the urge to begin packing everything as best she could before she left. There wasn't much in her flat, but enough that she felt a bit daunted by the thought of having to take everything with her to Hogwarts. Of course, she had a thought that perhaps she didn't need to bring absolutely everything, but each time she stopped to think on something that perhaps she wouldn't need, she thought of a dozen reasons why she could not spend the whole of the year without it. Clothes were obvious. She was not a student with a uniform anymore. She would need to bring all her robes to have a decent amount of variety, and there was no point leaving her Muggle clothing behind. What would she wear on days off, days to herself? Over Christmas and Easter, days when she had to go and meet with her publisher? She would want something else to wear then, and her Muggle clothes were the most obvious choice. Since she could not sacrifice with clothing, she thought perhaps with her books and papers... Except that she intended to do research while at Hogwarts. What if she needed a book at Hogwarts didn't have it? And really, as a professor, she didn't want to be spending all of her time in the library. And she had seen several professors' offices while a student. They were always lined with books and papers and the like. It wouldn't do to lack such things, even if it was her first year only. The papers, of course, were nonnegotiable. If she was going to get any work done at all while teaching, she would have to bring them with her. The question then became, how would she organize them for the journey? This was the way of her packing, boxing everything up, setting it in some kind of order, and then realizing she'd packed something that she still needed. She would get a few things out, and then when she went to put them back realize that she didn't like the way she'd packed them after all and tear the whole thing apart, setting everything back in an entirely different way. She'd done this half a dozen times by mid-August. "You're being ridiculous," Severus told her, half-amused. "It's really not that difficult to move, you know. You've done it before." "Not really," she said softly. When she moved from her childhood home, she didn't have much she wanted to bring with her. She could fit it all in her school trunk, didn't even have to shove anything else in before heading off to live with Sirius. When they moved to Sirius's new house she had almost nothing to bring along because her belongings had all been destroyed. And moving away from Sirius was much the same, except by the time she actually had to do it she didn't want to keep hardly anything that she could associate with him. He'd been taken to prison; she wanted to forget. Severus did not press the matter further, and Lydia was relieved, but she had a feeling that he did not understand the difficulty for her, what was really troubling her. It had nothing to do with packing. Despite the fact that she had never had to make such a move before, Lydia was organized and confident enough that everything she needed would make it with her to Hogwarts, and if it didn't retrieving what she needed would be of little consequence. Instead, it was the thought that this was a new chapter of her life, one that was something she didn't feel wholly ready for yet. She wanted some form of assurance that she would be fine, that her life would not have to change too much, but there was no assurance that anyone could reasonably give her. She would start this new part of her life, would be forced to confront memories she had long repressed, and would be given something of a reprieve from the ones that were closer, that haunted her daily. Still, Lydia did not think that she would sleep easier in the walls of Hogwarts, not until she had a routine, one that she did not feel confident of finding with house-elves to do her cleaning and cooking for her. Severus assured her that teaching did become something of a habitual act, and that once she started acting like a teacher, thinking like a teacher, it would all seem perfectly natural to her. He promised to check in on her when it was closer to September and start guiding her through the process carefully, so that she could feel comfortable. "Most professors don't require this sort of hand-holding," he told her with a flat voice she knew was teasing. She reminded him that most professors either had teaching experience or had some sort of prior work experience that didn't involve sitting behind their own desk on occasion and working at their own pace. She didn't like to think that she would be coming in at the same time as another new professor, whoever they had gotten for Defense, and that she would be judged next to this other person. What if she didn't measure up? What if she proved less than the governors and Dumbledore had hoped? Lydia had more fears than she would have liked for this stage of her life, but at least, she reminded herself, no one she loved was going to die. Just when Lydia was starting to worry that Severus wasn't going to come help her after all, that he'd forgotten the promise or under-anticipated her anxiety, he knocked on her door one morning with a large stack of parchment in hand. "Good morning," he said, inviting himself into the flat and leading her into the kitchen. "Albus wants our contributions to the booklist. They're sending the letters by the end of the week." Lydia blinked. Books? Contributions? What was he talking about? She stared at him blankly until he sighed and said, "You were going to assign reading, were you not? I know your subject is highly based in numbers, but you happen to have a few books in your study." Of course, when it put it that way it all seemed obvious, and Lydia nodded absently, looking around at the stack of books she had packed and unpacked a dozen times. The pair of them sat down beside the stack once Severus insisted that he wasn't hungry in the slightest, and they began to sift through for the Arithmancy texts. "What about this one?" Severus asked. "It's almost a hundred years old and out of print. But it would be good for the O.W.L. level students." "Not if they can't purchase it. Would this be suitable for your N.E.W.T. students?" "Which?" "The one by... I can't pronounce the name. It's Greek." "Oh, no, that's well too advance for students. No, this might be decent. What do you think?" Severus picked up the text in question and flipped through it. "It's rather thick for a single year." "It would be for six and seven. They wouldn't have to buy a new one." "Hmm... You are certain it has all of the material you want to cover?" Lydia flipped through the table of contents and make a quick scan of the index. "It's missing a few things," she admitted. "But it may be the closest to comprehensive that we can find at that level." They searched through her books for quite some time before they settled on a couple of books that would be the most suitable. Severus marked down the titles and authors and stuffed the parchment in his pocket. "We need to got to Diagon Alley now, if you don't mind," he said, stretching and standing. "They have taken one of my books out of print and I need some new options for the beginning students. And if you have anything you will need, it is a good time." They assembled a quick shopping list and Disapparated together a moment later. Lydia felt strange, holding Severus's arm as they took their first steps into the Alley, but as he directed her toward Flourish and Blotts she forgot about the strangeness of it and instead focused on what was in shop windows. There was something very natural about being on Severus's arm. It was something to do with being comfortable with each other no matter what, something about the emotional closeness two people have after being friends for so many years. They entered Flourish and Blotts and he led her directly to the Potions section. "When we finish and send the list to Albus we will inform the shop of what they will need to stock," he told Lydia , running his long, thin fingers along the line of book spines, looking for a title. "Is there something specific you're searching for?" Lydia asked. "N... Well, yes. It's got the title 1,000...something. Pomona recommended it. I don't recall the exact title." Her lips curved into a slight smirk and she said, "Well, that doesn't seem like the Severus I know. Is your memory slipping in your old age?" "None of your cheek," he muttered, more of a growl than anything. They managed to find the book he was looking for and they made their way down to purchase a copy for him and Severus gave the shopkeeper a short list of the books. "These will be the required texts for Potions and Arithmancy this year," Severus drawled. "Albus asked me to inform you." "Naturally," he shopkeeper said with a bored voice. He seemed a bit curious as to who Lydia was, still holding Severus's arm, but he did not ask and they went down the street to the apothecary. "We order in bulk but for a few items," Severus explained. "Feel free to brew any time, with any of my ingredients. I keep my personal stores well stocked, and it would be nice to brew together again, if you would like." Lydia smiled and nodded. She wouldn't mind having that sort of fun again, like old times when he was teaching her the things he just seemed to know intuitively about Potions, things she had to study and practice with intense concentration. "The stores will be open to you at any time." He was purchasing a few more expensive items for his personal stores, things that were required to make things for the hospital wing. They picked up a few things for Lydia at Madam Malkins and then Lydia convinced him to stop for ice cream at Fortescue's. "This is ridiculous," he muttered, his eyes darting around the busy shopping street. It had recovered incredibly well since the war, now the vibrant place it had been in their childhood. "What if my pupils see me?" "They'll know you have a soul," Lydia teased, enjoying her raspberry peanut butter swirl. "Anyway, thank you for coming over and helping me. Will you take me to Hogwarts as well, or will I meet you there?" "I think I will greet you when you arrive," he said, stabbing his vanilla ice cream with a spoon. "You can, I think, manage to pack and travel without my assistance. Have you decided how you will transport yourself? Albus said you declined the offer to take the train." Lydia nodded and said, "I think I'll want those hours to move in and get myself acquainted with my space. It doesn't seem clever to waste an opportunity. No, I was thinking the Knight Bus, much as I hate the thing. It's practical, isn't it, in cases like these?" Severus agreed. "Albus will pay your fare," he said. "If you'd like." "No, no, that won't be necessary," Lydia said. "No, I'll be there just after breakfast on the first, and I expect that you'll have little to show me. What, quarters and office?" "Yes." Severus narrowed his eyes slightly and said, "Are you certain you don't want me to travel with you, help you move?" "I suspect I can manage." In truth, Lydia would have liked that very much. But she didn't think it would be reasonable to let Severus know just how afraid she was. After all, he was right. She'd moved before. She'd made life changes. And as he took his leave that night, she reminded herself that in three days she would be seeing Remus again. When Remus did come as promised, Lydia was busy finishing her packing, as best she could, without having to unpack things again later. He seemed a bit tired, a bit off, but she greeted him with all the warmth she felt. "Sorry for the mess," she said happily. "I was just...well, you can see. Just a few more things to pack as I go and then I'll be ready to go on the first." He gave her a smile that was slightly terse as his amber eyes grazed the trunks she was filling. "Strange, isn't it, going back to Hogwarts after all these years? I wonder if the food's changed at all." Remus's smile remained tight as he sat down on the sofa stiffly. "I doubt that very much," he said slowly. "The house-elves live very long lives. You likely have the same ones working there as were working when we were students." Lydia nodded and smiled. "I'll have time off," she said happily, getting up to go and make tea. "I'll be able to visit with you, or you could come to Hogwarts and visit me." Remus cleared his throat slightly. "That would not be wise. Lydia, stop, I don't want any tea. Come back in here, please." Lydia frowned, coming back into the living room. "What's wrong?" she asked, looking at Remus, who was staring at her with eyes she now recognized as a bit hollow. "Remus, what is it? Has something happened? Why wouldn't you be able to visit me?" "I shouldn't be at Hogwarts again," he said, a bit hollowly. "Being what I am." What had gotten into him? He'd become so positive with his job, he'd become confident and bold. He'd kissed her twice for Merlin's sake! "Remus, you went to school there. It's not like you'd be sleeping in the dormitory again. You'd be coming by for lunch. You wouldn't have to be there anywhere near the full moon." "I am what I am, Lydia." He was not looking at her face now, but at her feet. "There is no changing that." She took a step backwards as if hit with a staggering blow. Suddenly, it all made sense. "Remus, how are things at work?" He turned away from her altogether. He was silent for a long moment and she sat beside him. She tried to put her hand on his shoulder but he stood abruptly and crossed to the window, looking down at the street. "You'll never be able to understand," he said softly. "I should have known better." She began to speak, but he shook his head and said, "No, Lydia. You can believe all you like in the goodness of people, but you're the only person left who is foolish enough to think that it doesn't matter, and I have...abused your naivety." "Remus, that's not true." "I want to be your friend," he said, his voice tight and strangled, still refusing to look at her. "I have to be your friend, Lydia. I have nothing left in this world without that. But I cannot be anything...more. Do you understand?" "Remus..." "I can't. I just can't allow my craving to be normal to ruin you." Lydia swallowed, watching his brow because she could not see his eyes with the way he had them angled. Everything was perfect, everything had been going so well, and yet his job had crumbled, the one thing that made him feel human and everything else in his life went on hold while he pitied himself. Of course he was right, and she knew that she would never be able to understand his pain the way he felt it, but did that really mean that she couldn't, that she shouldn't at least try? "Remus," she said softly, sitting down beside him, although refraining from touching him this time. "You don't have to do this. You don't have to push me away. You want to feel like a human, you've said this before. But you're silly. You are human. It doesn't matter what the bigots think. I'm not the only one who believes it shouldn't matter." "Everyone else is dead," he said, his voice hoarse. "Everyone else who believed that folly is gone." Lydia cast about in her mind for someone to be opposition to that, but she could no longer account for what Sirius believed about anything, particularly about Remus. If he was so willing to throw Remus under for whatever it was he'd turned for, what did he really believe? "Dumbledore," she finally said. "Dumbledore believes what I believe about you." Remus's nostrils flared and he looked up at her with flashing eyes. "Dumbledore is a trusting fool," he snarled. Clearly he was in no mood to hear reason, because he was always the first to defend Dumbledore's decisions when Lydia questioned them. "He did not force Lily and James to use him as a Secret-Keeper and now they're gone. I can hardly trust his judgment on something so important. You matter to me, Lydia, but I need you alive and happy more than I need you to be mine. I'm sorry, but I won't be coming to Hogwarts. Perhaps I'll write when you've settled." He cleared his throat. "I have to go." Lydia protested, but he seemed not to listen to her as he stormed out of her flat, not even looking back before she heard him Disapparate. Her body was in shock, not feeling any sensations, not experiencing anything at all except fear and pain, which were seeping through the numbness of shock slowly. When it all began to hit her, she sank to the floor, staring at the door, her heart pounding against her ribs so hard it hurt. She ached, her ribs and her stomach and her head all ached. She would be leaving for Hogwarts in a matter of days. Lydia should have been excited, should have been pleased anticipating this new chapter of her life. She had even reached a point where her fears and been numbed by the anticipation of it all. But in that moment all she could feel was panic and loneliness seeping through every pore.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader omgitsmelly! Thank you for following and favoriting this story, and I hope that you continue to enjoy it as we move forward! -C Lydia waited at the gates patiently, holding her trunks and glancing around at the dark, dying trees. It was strange, thinking that fall was soon to be in full swing. she hardly noticed the gates had been opened until Severus said her name. She turned and smiled at him. "Come," he said, smiling back. "We have to get you settled before the feast." He levitated her trunks all the way up to the castle and they said nothing. Lydia felt a chill of excitement, the way she had walking up the steps to the castle for the first time. Her heart was pounding and her breath was tight. Severus led her through familiar hallways to the very corridor where Gryffindor Tower was held, then down a ways, around a corner, and he opened an oak door. "This is your quarters," he said, letting her trunks lead the way in. Lydia followed him inside, looking around at the entry room with a fireplace, a sofa and two armchairs, and even a desk in the corner. "Your bedroom is through that door. The bath is attached. Your office and classroom are also on this floor, just down the hall." "You're very far away from me, aren't you?" she asked softly, touching a deep red armchair. "I am in the dungeons, yes," Severus said with a nod. "But as you know, nothing is truly very far away in this castle. Do you want to see your office and your classroom?" "Can we have tea?" Lydia asked, sitting down. Severus nodded and called for a house-elf from the kitchens. He ordered tea and Lydia paid close attention to the elf he called, how he ordered, and sat down in the armchair, motioning for him to join her. The tea was brought just as Severus was lighting the fire. "There is no staff meeting," Severus said. "We are required in the Great Hall ten minutes before the train's arrival to meet new members of staff." Lydia nodded, taking the tea he handed her and sitting back in the chair. It was remarkably comfortable. "Who else is new?" Severus's nose twitched a little, which looked strange on him. "You haven't met Sybill Trelawney, but I'm not sure she'll even be there. She rarely goes to anything. Divination professor. The new Defense professor I've not met yet. A woman named Polyxena Barker. Supposedly she was working somewhere in Eastern Europe for the duration of the war and is eager to return to England." Lydia pursed her lips and looked down at her tea. She found the whole matter difficult, as she didn't particularly mind new people. She was inclined to think the best of people when she met them. But it was hard for her to go into meeting this Polyxena Barker knowing that she had the job Severus wanted. Of course, Lydia thought Dumbledore was quite right to keep Severus away from the temptations of teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts, but that didn't mean she had to be reasonable toward the people Severus took as his natural enemies: the competition. "I'm doing the right thing, aren't I?" Lydia said. Severus rolled his eyes. "Don't start that again. It's a bit late to get out of it now. Finish your tea, Lydia. We've got to get down to the Great Hall soon." She finished her cup quickly, following Severus out of the room and down the familiar corridors and staircases to the Great Hall. She felt like a schoolgirl again, until she saw the teachers gathered at the front of the hall. She followed Severus toward them as he stalked confidently the their midst. Albus turned and smiled at them, throwing up his arms to greet them. "Lydia! Severus! Come, come, you know nearly everyone, I think?" Lydia nodded smiling around at her former professors. "You all recall Lydia Rowe? She is our new Arithmancy professor." "Little surprise," Professor McGonagall said proudly. "It's a pleasure to have you with us, Lydia." "Thank you, professor," Lydia said a bit breathlessly, and the other teachers laughed. "First names, Lydia," Severus drawled. "You're no longer a student." "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Lydia Rowe," said the unfamiliar woman in the corner. This was obviously Polyxena Barker, with long, dark hair, tanned skin, and strikingly blue eyes. They weren't bright, but incredibly pale, and the combination made Lydia slightly uneasy. "Finally?" "Oh," she said, smiling. "Oh, I read your papers. Arithmancy was obviously never my best subject, but I enjoyed it very much, and you make things plain enough for an amateur like myself. Polyxena Barker, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor." Polyxena held out her hand and Lydia glanced at it for a long moment before taking it and forcing a small smile. The woman seemed kind enough, but Lydia still felt quite a lot of anger on Severus's behalf. "You must be very brave," Lydia said softly. "Brave? Oh, you mean the supposed curse on the job." Polyxena laughed a full-bellied, hearty laugh that didn't suit her features. "Well, I doubt very much that it will be a very serious problem. I won't be presumptuous enough to claim that I'll break the curse, but I daresay they don't all meet some sort of horrible end. Perhaps my end will be a cheerful one instead." "Indeed," Lydia said, nodding a bit stiffly, pulling her hand away and moving a step closer to Severus. Albus clapped his hands together and said, "Well, now, the students are about to arrive and the Sorting will begin. I will introduce Polyxena and Lydia to the school, and we will have a lovely night. Classes begin in the morning. The schedules will be waiting at your place at breakfast." They all took their places, Lydia between Severus and Professor McGonagall, her heart pounding. "I will be greeting the students at the door," McGonagall told her with a smile. "I'm the Deputy Headmistress now. I read the names." "Do you worry about mispronouncing them?" Lydia asked, eyebrows raised. Professor McGonagall laughed and shook her head, walking out to meet the students. To Lydia's surprise, as the students began entering the Great Hall and she stiffened with fear, Severus's hand slipped into hers under the table. She looked up at him, but he was watching the students with a scowl as if he had done nothing. Lydia waited patiently, glancing around at all the faces that looked so much younger than she expected, and soon Professor McGonagall came in and led in a trail of first years. "Merlin," Lydia breathed, her voice covered by the feet of approaching students so that only Severus could hear her. "They look so young." "They look younger every year," Severus muttered, glaring at a snickering boy at the Gryffindor table. When he noticed Severus glaring at him he stopped snickering and grew a little bit pale. Lydia would have laughed if the hall hadn't quieted for the hat to begin to sing. She did not listen to the song. It was similar to a few of Lydia's years at school. As soon as it was over, McGonagall cleared her throat and said, "Aesalon, Andrew!" A small, blond boy moved forward, although his skin was surprisingly tan for a blond in England. The hat was placed on his head as he sat on the stool. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Although she was watching from the other direction, Lydia watched Baddock, Benjamin! and Barbary, Cayley! be sorted into Ravenclaw and Slytherin and realized that this was much like her own years at school. Sure, working was strange, unfamiliar territory, but not so unfamiliar. "Burton, Riika!" The thin, willowy blonde blinked more frequently than Lydia thought was healthy, and so Lydia worried that perhaps the girl would be Sorted into Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw, but instead the hat screamed, "GRYFFINDOR!" just moments after Riika sat down. The table that had been Lydia's place in the Hall not too long ago erupted with cheers, and Lydia watched Riika Burton sit down with her new housemates with a shy sort of smile. She didn't seem much the Gryffindor, but Lydia hadn't seemed one either. "Hanson, Sallie!" Lydia began to zone in and out of the Sorting, clapping politely for each student, perking up when a Gryffindor was Sorted, like Leonard-Dawson, Greg (whose twin was Sorted to Ravenclaw just before him), or Massey, Zenaïs with flowing dark curls and a thin, nervous smile. "This one is Slytherin," Severus hissed when the Sorting was over half finished. A nondescript boy with pale skin and sandy brown hair sat down on the stool. The Hat barely brushed the top of Paul, John's head before it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!" "How did you know?" Lydia asked as she clapped politely. "A feeling," Severus said a bit stiffly. Lydia didn't believe him, but before she could press the matter, Phelps, Drina was called to the front to be Sorted into Ravenclaw. Lydia would have liked to have been able to say just by looking at the students who would be sorted into Gryffindor, but she didn't see William Sandoval-Guerrero as looking especially like a Gryffindor, and she would have pegged Alma Small as one, but she ended up in Hufflepuff. "Oh, this one's Gryffindor," Lydia said as Weasley, William was called forward, but Severus smirked. "You could have said that with your eyes closed," he snorted. "All the Weasleys have been Gryffindors for centuries." William Weasley was a strange moment for Lydia, who had not known his parents. But she had met his uncles, Fabian and Gideon Prewett. She remembered their dying, their funeral. William didn't look quite like them, but the red hair seemed to be a family trait on both sides. "GRYFFINDOR!" He smiled and joined the other William at the Gryffindor table, sitting across from the other William and next to Philomela O'Connor-Nicholson. Lydia would have expected that Weasley would have been the end of the line, but there were a lot of late-in-the-alphabet students that year. Welchman-Carlson-Larson, Wilkinson-Pruitt (whose cousin, Lucius Staffordson-Wilkinson had already been put in Ravenclaw), Wisuri-Lonborg, Wolf, Womelsdorff, Wozencraft, and Yeatman were all Sorted before the feast could begin properly. Once it was announced that Esther Yeatman would be in Ravenclaw, the hat and stool were removed, and Albus Dumbledore gave McGonagall and Esther enough time to get to their seats before he stood, commanding instant silence and attention from all the room. Lydia found it very surreal, looking at him from this strange closeness and angle. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts!" he said, beaming down at all of the students. "I know we have many empty stomachs, so before we eat I will say only a few words: Criss cross crown!" Older students clapped heartily, eager for the food they knew would follow. The first years looked only momentarily puzzled by these strange words before the glistening gold platters filled instantly with delicious food. Then their faces were filled with wonder and excitement and the lust of hunger. The feast was indeed delicious. Lydia said very little but to discuss a few theories with Professor McGonagall, who insisted on being called Minerva, which would take some getting used to. Mostly, the food took Lydia's attention. When dessert was finished and the plates were cleared to their previous sparkling clean condition, Dumbledore stood once more and addressed a sleepily full crowd. "I have just a few short announcements to begin our new year here at Hogwarts," he said. "First of all, I would like to remind all students new and old that the Forbidden Forest is out of bounds to all students. Also, our caretaker, Argus Filch, asks me to remind you all that a list of banned items can be found posted outside of his office. If you are in doubt, please check the list. "No magic is to be performed in the corridors for any reason. I trust we will all do our best to welcome, as well, our new professors. First, may I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Polyxena Barker!" There was polite applause. Polyxena did not seem to mind the lack of enthusiasm. She was no one particularly spectacular, and she waved at the students with humble amiability suitable for the lack of particular interest of regard they had for her. When the applause died out, Albus continued, "And our new teacher for Arithmancy, may I present Professor Lydia Rowe!" A few older students and quite a few Ravenclaws actually applauded with remarkable vigor, and Lydia was startled as she stood to wave at the students as the precedent had been set. Surely these students could not know who she was, could not have read her work. Lydia felt more than a little uncomfortable, but she smiled and accepted the applause with as much grace as she could muster. The rest of the night was a blur. Severus walked her back to her quarters when they were dismissed and told her to get some rest, that in the morning she would have sixth years, most likely, and she would need to be sharp. Lydia found it hard to sleep that night, but she did get in a few hours. Severus forced her to eat a piece of toast, and then she went to her classroom, waiting anxiously for the sixth year students to file in. Eight students in total. The small number was both discouraging and heartening. Fewer names to learn, less chance a student would slip through the cracks. Still, the whole period went by as a bit of a blur. She took role, but nothing stuck in her head. There was one girl, the older sister of Cayley Barbary from Slytherin, Lydia thought, who seemed remarkably interested in Arithmancy, and from the early signs of her answering questions, showed a lot of promise for understanding. It was this fact alone that pulled Lydia's mind into the present and out of its foggy realm of fear. "Very good, Miss Barbary," Lydia said for the third time. "Another ten points to Slytherin." A couple of Ravenclaw boys seemed surprised with Miss Barbary's knowledge and Lydia almost laughed to see them blinking at her owlishly. When the bell rang and the students gathered their things, Lydia said, "If you could stay a moment, Miss Barbary." She felt strange, ordering a student to stay after, but the girl did as asked, tossing a bit of silvery blonde hair over her shoulder and letting her book bag fall back to the floor. When the other students had all filed out the girl said, "You don't have to write me a note or anything, professor. I have a free period." "How nice," Lydia said, smiling. "You'll really want to make the most of those, you know, now that you're a N.E.W.T. student. You don't want to look back wishing you had later like so many do." Licking her lips, Lydia realized she hadn't asked the girl to stay to discuss her schedule. "So, Miss Barbary, I have to say, I'm very impressed with your understanding of Berengort's Theory of Halves. It's not an easy theory." "Charles seemed to think it was," Miss Barbary sniffed. Charles was one of the Ravenclaw boys who had blinked at Miss Barbary. The names would all come eventually, Lydia decided, but one step at a time. "Honestly, Miss Barbary, he only understood the very surface level," Lydia said, trying not to smirk. It had become so common to her after living with Sirius and being so close to Severus for so many years. Somehow, it didn't feel appropriate for the situation. "That, true, is not very difficult. But that is where general understanding typically stops. To understand the nuances, the possible layers and applications at a higher level, that's something that most Arithmancy scholars struggle with constantly. It's ruined burgeoning publishing careers. And you, Miss Barbary, have an excellent understanding at a scholarly level." The girl looked pleased for a moment, but then her countenance darkened. Lydia frowned slightly. She would have thought the girl would have been pleased. "Do you have any plans for your N.E.W.T. in Arithmancy, Miss Barbary?" she asked, smiling. "Or are you simply acquiring it because it's something you have skill in? Because you have remarkable skill, I can assure you of that." She had heard this before, obviously, and probably from her previous professor, but still she shifted in her seat. Perhaps there was some sort of pressure from her family, but Lydia got the sense that it was something to do with Slytherin and Ravenclaw rivalries, and her ideas of the expectations upon her house. "Before I let you go, I should tell you," Lydia said, "that not all Arithmancers were Ravenclaw, you know. I myself was in Gryffindor. And even the great Bridget Wenlock wasn't a Ravenclaw, no matter what they like to claim." Miss Barbary blinked and said, "Really? She wasn't?" "No," Lydia said with a laugh. "No, she was a Hufflepuff. I've checked the school records and everything. There have been a few excellent Slytherin Arithmancers, including Berengort himself. You are following in a long tradition of exceptionally talented non-Ravenclaw Arithmancers, should you chose to follow that path." After Miss Barbary expressed what seemed to be excited and relieved thanks, Lydia sat alone in her classroom, running over her lesson plan for the third year students that afternoon and thinking that perhaps Severus was right. Perhaps Lydia was quite well-suited to be a professor after all. If the only student she helped all year was Miss Barbary, it would be more than worthwhile, taking the teaching post.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer, ThatGirlWithThatSmile! I hope you are still enjoying the story, and I'm still working on catching up on responding to readers, so if you've reviewed or contacted me but haven't heard back, it's on its way! -C "It's a lot of work," Lydia said weakly, letting Severus pour her a second cup of tea. "I hadn't expected how much work there was at teaching. But there's a girl, one of yours, Miss Barbary." "The elder?" he drawled, tapping the tea with his wand to cool it. "Yes, she's very bright." "Is she any good at Potions?" "Well, she works hard. But she has no aptitude. I trust she has aptitude with Arithmancy?" "Incredible," Lydia sighed, accepting the tea. "You know, I think she could really do something with it, but she seems...reticent. Do you know anything about her parents?" "Very little," Severus said, stirring his own tea. "Her father works for St. Mungo's, and I believe he makes enough so that her mother doesn't have to work." "Ah," Lydia muttered, bringing her cup to her lips. "One of those." They talked about students and classes for quite a while. It came very naturally, she realized, to sit with Severus and talk about this new life of hers, almost as naturally as the new life did. It wasn't quite her old days of being a student. Her free time was spent researching, discussing academics with fellow professors, and the nearly-regular tea with Severus. She glanced up at a calendar, though, as she went to check the time, and realized that horrible truth. "Ah," Severus said as he followed her gaze. "Yes, I know. One year." Lydia swallowed and looked down at her teacup. She hated the thought that she had forgotten that it was the anniversary of Lily and James's death. And Peter's, essentially, come to that. "Should we go to their stone?" Lydia asked after a long moment of silence. "I...I'm not sure I want to..." "I really don't think so this year," Severus said darkly. "If you don't mind. I can't help but think that Lily wouldn't want me to visit the stone so soon. I didn't even stay long at the funeral. It didn't feel right." Lydia perked up, blinking at him. "You were there?" she demanded. "You were at the funeral? It wasn't just my imagination? You were actually there? At the back, weren't you?" Severus gave Lydia a tight smile. It wasn't a jolly sort of smile, more of one that had a fair amount of pain about it. She felt his pain, so she nodded and looked down at her tea again. A year ago her world had fallen apart. She should have been in a grave somewhere herself, perhaps the space beside the Potters. Instead, somehow, she was alive and well and publishing and teaching and leading a more fruitful life than she'd lived before her world went to hell. "Perhaps she wouldn't have wanted me there," he finally said, softly. "But I had to go, just for a little while." "She would have," Lydia said, looking up at him again. "Mind, James wouldn't have been particularly pleased, but Lily would have wanted you there. Whatever happened between you, you know that Lily was utterly stubborn, but she did care about you." Severus shrugged. He swallowed the last of his tea. "You don't have to feed me sugar, Lydia. She never cared about me how I wanted her to." While he was right and Lily would never have been in love with him, Lydia knew that Severus still meant quite a lot to Lily, whatever she would have admitted in life. They sat together finishing their tea in virtual silence. They still had several hours until the feast, and Lydia declined an offer to play chess. Perhaps she should have been more open to it, but for some reason it felt too much dwelling in the past. Instead, she agreed to have one last cup before going back to change for the feast. "D'you think there will be pranks, like when we were students?" Lydia asked excitedly. "I'm not going to have my teeth turn to caramel or something?" "No, it is highly unlikely," Severus said with a drawl that sounded thoroughly unamused. "There's hardly anyone clever enough for such mischief these days, and I suspect that Albus was a bit...lenient with our years. Things were different then, you know. We were all going out into a war, most of us to die. Letting a few stupid boys turn people's teeth to caramel was a small price to pay. And you know, most of them are dead. A short while of happiness, I suppose." Perhaps the most stunning part of Severus's mini-speech was how...not-cruel he was toward the Marauders. It wasn't kindness exactly. That would have been asking too much of a man who had spent much of his life thinking of them as little less than his sworn enemies, bent to destroy him. And he was hardly wrong in thinking of them that way, especially Sirius. "I suppose you're right," Lydia sighed, setting down her empty teacup. "That must be what feels different about the castle. I couldn't put my finger on it, but it must have something to do with the fact that the students are going to live full lives when they leave. It really does change the atmosphere, doesn't it?" She took her leave, telling Severus that she would see him at the Great Hall and then went back up the many staircases to her own quarters where she washed her face, combed her hair, and began to change her clothes. All of the primping was likely unnecessary, but Lydia didn't feel especially fresh, and she didn't want to go to a feast feeling like that, making Merlin-knows-what impression on her students. When Lydia had finished changing, however, a rare occurrence happened. An owl began to tap at her window. She received mail outside of the morning post so infrequently that she started at the sound before rushing to let the poor bird in out of the cold. She had no food on hand for it, but she got it a bowl of water before opening the letter it carried. Dear Lydia, I was more than a bit of a fool. Maybe I had to put a bit of distance between us, but I didn't go about it in the right way and I'm so sorry for ruining our last bit of time together before you left for Hogwarts. I shouldn't have spoiled such an event, but to be fair to myself, I wasn't sure I would have the strength to be so hard on us if I didn't do it right then. It might be too much to ask you to forgive me so soon. But I know it's going to be a hard night for the both of us, so I thought that if I was going to beg for your forgiveness, at least tonight it might be a soft spot in an otherwise painful night. I miss them. Lily would have known what to do to help us reconcile. Lily always knew what to do about everything. I'm sorry. I didn't mean for this letter to get out of hand as a pity party for our losses. Merlin knows we have plenty of reminders. But I know this won't be easy for you. It's not anywhere near easy for me. At least I know you are surrounded by people who can make sure you're doing well enough. It will keep me from worrying quite as much. Take care of yourself, Lydia. Please. -Remus She read the letter twice for good measure before ripping it up into tiny pieces. She wasn't angry at him, exactly. The apology wasn't the best she'd ever read, but it was an apology, and she did accept it. His words about Lily didn't exactly hurt, either. But the did leave a bit of a sting, a tiny bit of an ache, that made her want to forget about the feast and see if she could drown herself in her shower. The thought was fleeting, but terrifying. Lydia swept the bits of parchment that had been the letter into her wastebasket and clicked her fingers against the edge of her desk thoughtfully. She could write back to Remus, tell him she had forgiven him, that there was nothing to forgive. Eventually, she knew she would write such a letter, because if she had any prayer of patching things up and convincing Remus that they would be perfect together, she would need to make it plain that she held no hard feelings for his pushing her away. Except for the moment she did still hold hard feelings. The ache in her chest was only partly due to the reminder of the loss of Lily and James and Peter, the ripping of Harry from her life, the discovery of what Sirius had done. She knew that the other part was the reminder that Remus had treated her so coldly, had pushed her away before she was leaving for Hogwarts, and the knowledge that even his apology couldn't fully heal that pain. How was she supposed to be with the man if he couldn't allow himself to have what he wanted? But it was only a year since their lives were turned upside down, she reasoned, petting the owl which had approached her for attention. Perhaps he needed time to adjust to the loneliness of their situation, to adjust to the post-war world. She certainly wasn't back to herself yet, not by a long stretch. He must not be back to himself yet, either. Given time, things would work themselves out. She was certain of it. "Well," she sighed, "I suppose you can't talk sense into him, can you?" The owl cooed as she let her fingers caress the sinfully soft feathers. Her mother had hated when post came in the morning via bird, but Lydia had always thought there was something majestic and excellent about owl post. "No, I didn't think so," she said, watching with a faint smile as the bird pressed against her fingers, eager for more petting. If only humans were so simply. If only what she wanted and what the people around her wanted could be so easily negotiated. Lydia thought that the world would be a much happier, much simpler place. And perhaps she would be with Remus. "Ah, I can't live in dreams, though," she said, smiling sadly and glancing up at the clock. "Damn! I'll be late!" The owl started at this outburst and hooted indignantly, but she didn't have time to be apologetic. "You've got to go, then. Sorry, c'mon, let's go." The owl was not pleased, but it didn't fight too much as she ushered it back out the window again. She quickly cleaned the bowl she'd given it to water itself, closed the window, and check herself in the mirror one last time before heading down. Lydia paused at the mirror, glancing at the bags under her eyes that she'd not taken the time to get rid of, the tiredness in the seemingly multiplying lines of her face. She was too young to look like this, even if it was only the beginnings, beginnings she could reverse with a bit of careful magic. But then, she was also too young to be commemorating the deaths of all her closest friends. War was a horrible waste of life, even for those who went on living. But there wasn't time to continue pondering, so Lydia ran her fingers through her hair and rushed herself out the door of her quarters, feeling slightly eerie as she saw the Ravenclaw ghost passing through a wall. Lydia entered the Great Hall ten minutes later feeling cold and empty, and she couldn't understand why all the students looked so jolly and pleased about something. Several of her students waved at her timidly, and she tried to find it in herself to wave back at them, but it wasn't easy for her to do. Somehow, her arm felt full of lead, and she slipped into the seat between Minvera and Severus very stiffly moments later. "Are you all right, Lydia?" Minerva asked, frowning slightly. Was she asking because Lydia was moping, or because she was thinking about it too? The children could get by with not thinking about it, although Lydia found it strange. To them, a year was a lifetime, and she supposed that the older students did seem a bit more sober than the first years. But for the adults, this was a day of great tragedy and great relief. It wasn't that Lydia couldn't appreciate that it was the anniversary of You-Know-Who being defeated by Harry Potter, but for her that could never be as important as everything else that happened on that day. "It's going to be a long night," Lydia said softly, forcing a smile as Severus poured her a bit of pumpkin juice. "But it could be worse." Severus raised an eyebrow, but she just sipped her pumpkin juice. It could be worse. It could be a year before, waking up to find everyone she loved was dead or gone forever, to find that all her choices had been made for her, that the world was on its head and she had no control. There was some entertainment arranged by Albus for the night, and the children thought it was dazzling. Lydia half-expected him to say something about the end of the war and Harry Potter's triumph, but he let the ghost choir do its entertainment and left it all at that. She was slightly disappointed, mostly relieved. When dessert came out there was a renewed wave of excitement in the Hall, and Severus leaned in toward Lydia, his voice low as he glanced around the room. "I put a bit of sedative in your glass." Lydia blinked, frowning slightly, unsure for a long moment what he meant. She glanced at her pumpkin juice, wondering how he could have pulled off such a feat in front of everyone without a soul noticing. Then she realized that he must have meant that he put it in her tea earlier, which made it a mild enough sedative not to have her notice the effects over such a long period. "Why?" "You were bound to be distressed by something tonight," he said softly, his voice a low sort of purr in her ear that no one else would have been able to hear. "I thought it best to ensure that it didn't interfere with your ability to function. Albus...Albus and I agreed that it was best. Considering." Considering what a mess she had been the year before, considering how Lydia obviously didn't know how to take care of herself, considering everyone else knew what was best for her. She exhaled through her nose, letting her lungs deflate entirely before sharply inhaling and saying, "Next time, ask before drugging me." "Lydia, you know it's not-" "Ask." She glanced over at him a moment later to see that his nostrils were slightly flared, but he nodded. "I appreciate," she continued, poking her pudding with her fork, "that you care about my well-being, but it's my body, Severus. My decision." He quirked an eyebrow. "And if you made the wrong one? You have to at least keep a veneer of dignity as a teacher, Lydia, no matter what is going on in your life. Doing it without your permission now might help you to realize how helpful it will be in the future so you make the right choice next time. I don't regret what I did." Lydia sniffed and began to eat her pudding instead of just poking at it. He was right, of course. It was the right thing to do, the best thing to do, but she still was upset about the fact that he hadn't asked. He had all but said that he would ask in the future, and Lydia knew Severus was good for his word, but she didn't want to find herself in another such situation. He was right. She had to manage to appear composed even when she felt the world was falling apart. Lydia didn't know what the answer to that was, but it would be worth taking some time for consideration. "Now," Albus said, standing at the end of the feast, smiling at the sleepy faces of the students. "It is once again time for all of us to end our excellent festivities and pop off to bed! I am sure that those of you who see fit that Halloween fun should come at the expense of schoolwork will be very pleased with the day of rest tomorrow. Use it wisely! As always, exit in an orderly manner, strait to bed, and I hope you have pleasant dreams!" The students began to stir as he sat again, but as none of the other teachers moved, Lydia stayed where she was. When the Great Hall had emptied completely, Albus, snapped his fingers and in front of each professor a small, mini-goblet appeared. Lydia frowned, grabbing hers as the other teachers did. None of them seemed familiar with this either. She sniffed the goblet, pulling away from it almost instantly. It was a shot of firewhiskey. "A toast is in order," Albus said softly, holding his own glass, "to the end of the war, the lives of those we lost, and most importantly to the Potters." He said no more, but then all downed their firewhiskey, Lydia wincing at the burn, her eyes watering with either tears or reaction to the alcohol, and Severus walked her to her quarters in case the alcohol reacted poorly with the sedative. But she remembered nothing from the moment she laid down in bed. Which was probably for the best. Halloween was not a good night for her to be lying awake, thinking.
Severus poked at the log for a bit, stirring up the embers and watching them catch flame for a moment before he set the poker down again and sat beside Lydia on the rug in front of his hearth. "I thought I'd gotten used to it," he said softly, "but even after years..." "Used to what?" He looked at her, blinked a few times, and said, "The loneliness." Lydia's stomach twisted. She knew all about loneliness. She knew about the sort that left you feeling empty and isolated in a crowded room. She knew about the sort that made shadows change into monsters on the walls in the dark because there wasn't a soul around to remind you they're just shadows. And better than almost anyone, she knew the soul-rendering loneliness of knowing that no one you truly loved above everything else was there, no one you counted on was ever coming back. "Sometimes," she said softly, staring at the flames, "I think their deaths are all my fault." "The Potters?" Severus asked, incredulous. "How...?" "No," she said softly. "All of them. My parents, Mary, Artemis, Lily and James, Peter..." "Lydia, don't be ridiculous. How could any of those things be your fault?" She swallowed, looking pointedly at her shoes to avoid looking him in the eye. She felt foolish, knowing as he did that it wasn't her fault, but in those moments when she blamed herself it all felt so logical, so natural that she was to blame. "We don't know what my parents were fighting about that night," she said softly. "But it might have been me. It was often me." "Not usually when it got violent." "But sometimes." "Lydia, you can't press yourself to madness on sometimes," he sighed. "Chances are, they were fighting about each other. I don't know if this thought hurts more, but I suspect you didn't even enter their minds." It didn't make her feel better, thinking that. Sometimes she justified their murdering each other by the thought that they figured she would be better off without the other parent. But Severus was probably right. It wasn't an act of love, it was a selfish act of hatred and vindication, just as their whole war against each other seemed to be. "And Mary MacDonald?" Lydia shrugged and sighed. "She'd been acting odd," she whispered, running her fingers through the fringed edge of the rug. "I knew something was wrong, but she didn't walk to talk about it. And I should have told someone. I shouldn't have just assumed she'd have time to tell me when she was ready. I mean, it was a war. I shouldn't have assumed anything." Severus was quiet for a long while, so long that Lydia almost began to believe in that moment that she was right, that she was at least partly to blame for Mary's death. Just before she began to hyperventilate, he finally spoke. "Mulciber and Avery were...exercising influence over her. I'm not sure she knew or understood half of what was happening to her, but the influence of the Imperius, if unbroken by the victim, does not end when the spell is broken. And just because they were only caught using it on her once doesn't mean they hadn't used it a dozen times." Lydia shivered. "She sat with us on the train, you know. On the way to Hogwarts that year. They...did things to her the whole way to school. There wasn't any way you could have known. She may not have even really known. There was nothing you could have done." Lydia swallowed, waiting for him to say something about how she wasn't responsible for Artemis's death, and for Lily and James. Perhaps he was still thinking through what to say, but she knew she was partly to blame. She had been with Sirius and not seen what he was. If she had only noticed, if she could only have done something, her friends would be alive and she wouldn't have wasted so much time trying to love him. She decided to counter his reasoning before he could give it, turning to say her piece. Before she could get a word out, however, Severus caught her off guard, leaning forward and pressing his lips to hers. For a beat, she did not understand what was happening, but she was frozen in shock. A moment later, Lydia pulled back in a swift jerk, stunned, eyes wide, staring at Severus, waiting for some sort of explanation or even apology. He just stared back at her, looking equally surprised by what he had done. How long they sat there Lydia couldn't have said, but it became clear neither of them could wrap their minds around what they'd done sufficiently to discuss it. "I...I need to turn in," Lydia finally spluttered. "Classes in the morning. The seventh years..." "Yes," Severus choked. "Yes. See you at breakfast." Before another word could be spoken between them, Lydia scrambled to her feet and barreled out of Severus's quarters, swiftly walking the familiar path to her own quarters, her mind still trying to puzzle out what had happened. Severus had kissed her. But why? And why did he offer no explanations? It was all so sudden, so strange, and while it seemed like it should feel wrong, there was something remarkably right about the way it had felt. But perhaps that was the shock talking. Lydia could hardly sleep that night, plagued as she was with the thought of what possibly could have gone through Severus's mind both as they sat there and after the kiss had ended, when they were staring at each other. And more important than what he was thinking, what could he have been expecting? Lydia had made her mistakes before. She wanted to ensure that all expectations were on the table if kisses were occurring. Except this wasn't just anyone. It was Severus. She skipped breakfast. When the morning came, she didn't feel much like eating, or facing Severus before they had a chance to talk, come to that. She ran through her lesson plans and went straight to her classroom, flipping through the seventh year essays before they arrived. There was plenty of work to do, as a professor, to keep herself occupied at all times if she wanted. Between her own research and work for her job, Lydia didn't have to think about Severus at all. So naturally, it was all she could think about. The seventh year students filed in at the bell and sat down in their usual seats, all just enough to fill the front row of the classroom. Lydia set the essays face down on the desks of their owners and sat down on top of her own desk. She felt strange, being too formal with a class of five. "Good work, everyone," Lydia said, smiling reflexively at them. "I'll be honest, we've got a long way to go until the exams, but you're making quick and excellent progress. The very best news is that there seem to be common issues with theoretical concerns, so you won't all have to come to me individually if I can address them for you in class. Let's start with... Yes, Miss Phillips?" A mousy Ravenclaw girl had surprisingly shot her hand up, something her classmates seemed shocked by as well. "Could you teach us the Rowe Theorem for Event Prediction? I wanted to talk about it in my essay, but you hadn't covered it and I couldn't get a full understanding from the book." Lydia blinked as some of the other students nodded in agreement. Of course the book didn't properly explain the theorem. It was written by a windbag who clearly hadn't understood her set of articles. But while Lydia had finally gotten used to the idea that she was an important Arithmancer, more or less, she hadn't even thought of the fact that teaching her own work to her students might be a good idea. Granted, much of it was well past N.E.W.T. level, but not all of it. "Well," Lydia said, picking up a piece of chalk and turning it over in her hand. "Perhaps this will help clear up some of the issues you all had with event theory. Let's start with Jenson's Corollary to Pickett Theoretical Approach to event theory and work from there. It's a good baseline. Mr. Broadmoor, refresh us on the basics of Jenson's Corollary." She copied her student's points onto the board, her mind wandering back to the fireplace the night before, Severus's lips on her lips. Lydia had only the most vague of an idea of what the sensation had been like. The whole memory was covered in a sort of fog or fuzz, something that kept her from accessing the sensations that could have helped her make up her mind about what was really happening. "Good," she finally said, when they had gotten through material they already knew. "That's exactly right. Now, the Theorem for Event Prediction is not what we have been experiencing in class. What I mean by that is that typically, we add a couple of equations together and use them for a new goal. This theorem inverts the corollary and imbeds it in Charles Theorem. Miss Fawcett, please give us the equation of Charles Theorem." The chalk wrote out the symbols and numbers as Miss Fawcett recited them in her clear, high voice. "Does anyone have any guesses on how to invert the corollary?" Lydia asked the class, who blinked up at her. She hadn't covered this sort of material yet, but she knew how to do it by seventh year. Surely she learned it in class? No, she realized, she had taught herself in her long hours alone in her childhood home. Lydia sighed as a couple of braver students shook their heads, and she turned back to the board, chalk in hand, carefully explaining the process of inversion with a few basic examples. When she had tea with Severus that afternoon, she would have to face him, to say things she had been avoiding saying. He would be upset about her missing breakfast, both because he was still very nervous about how little she ate (he insisted that she start eating more now that she was at Hogwarts) and with how they needed to talk. She would have to point out that it wasn't a conversation to have in the Great Hall anyway, but would he listen? "Very good," she sighed as they all solved the examples without too much difficulty. "Now, does anyone have an idea of how to invert Jenson's Corollary?" The class stared up at her, stunned. Clearly they had expected her to spell it out as she'd done with the much simpler examples. But Lydia wasn't interested in babying them through their N.E.W.T. year. If they couldn't handle something like this now, they would never survive their exams. Finally, Miss Fawcett raised a shaking hand and said, "Would you start by...reversing the sigma factors and cross-multiplying the coefficients?" Lydia smiled. A simple answer, and only part of the way worked out, but it was someone thinking for themselves instead of regurgitating a book or lecture. The idea wouldn't win a student any prizes, but Lydia was inexplicably refreshed by the fact that she was finally getting through to them, that they were beginning to think the way they needed to think to handle N.E.W.T. level work. "Perhaps," she said, trying to emulate Severus's sly voice. "Does anyone else have ideas, with that in mind?" The students brightened at this encouragement, and Lydia nearly forgot all about her issues with Severus by the time she heard the clock telling her it was teatime. For the first time since she'd begun teaching, she was enjoying the act of teaching. Severus was sitting by the fireplace, this time an empty grate, and stirring honey into his tea when she arrived. She watched the back of his head, expecting him to turn around at the sound of her opening the door to his quarters, but after a moment he simply said, "I took the liberty of pouring your cup long enough ago that it should be tepid enough for your tastes." In spite of herself, Lydia began to smile as she crossed to sit beside him, picking up the cup in question, feeling the lack of steam to tickle her nose as she lifted it to her lips. If not for the tension in the room, it would have been like old times. But Severus was nervous, and his nerves quickly transferred to her. His whole body was tense, like a cat waiting for a sign, lingering between pouncing and retreat. Severus reminded her of a large cat sometimes, the prickly attitude, the careful, graceful behaviors... Even the way he stalked like a predator to terrify the students felt strangely reminiscent to some sort of big cat. After a few moments of them sipping their tea, Severus turned to Lydia, watching her, waiting for something. Lydia watched back, wondering what he expected from her. Then, without a warning, he leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers again. This time, Lydia reacted before anything else, pulling away and staring up at him with wide eyes. She expected him to look wounded, but his face was more of a closed book than she'd ever seen it when they were alone. Perhaps, for Severus, this was wounded. "Severus, what...?" She couldn't finish the sentence. She just stared at him, waiting for some sort of answer. The words weren't in her mouth, even if she'd wanted to say them. She didn't know what they were. He sighed and said, "Lydia, we are both very much alone." She opened her mouth to rebut that, but he shook his head and said, "No, Hogwarts doesn't count. I have been alone since the day Lily stopped being my friend, because hope was gone, and I'll be alone forever now that she's gone. And you, you're used to falling asleep with someone beside you, used to someone to hold you and give you that intimate company. But Black is gone, and whatever you want to say about Lupin, he's not exactly ready and waiting to comfort you like you crave." The words carried surprising sting and Lydia set down her cup, moving back away from him slightly. His eyes were shining, although she couldn't put her finger on exactly what with. The rest of his face was still a steady, unreadable mask. "What are you suggesting, Sev?" He set down his own tea, taking one of her hands in his. "I am suggesting that we...ease each other's loneliness. It's not a relationship or whatever you call that nonsense you had with Black. We are still friends. But...it is a way to help each other with something we both need, that no one else could help with." Lydia stared up at him. Even if it was only kissing once in a while, on top of their usual closeness emotionally, she knew that such things could easily get complicated. After all, that was exactly how things had begun with Sirius, and the next thing she knew, she was a permanent fixture in his bed. But Severus wasn't Sirius. He didn't want her. Somehow, what might have insulted her from anyone else, was a bit of a relief. In a way, he was absolutely right: they could be honest with each other about what they wanted, what they needed, what they wouldn't stand for, in a way that they could not be with anyone else, in a way she could never be with Sirius. On the other hand, this was all happening so fast. She'd only been at Hogwarts for a few short months, her life was already upside down as it was. Lily had barely been dead a year, and things with Remus might yet turn around. She knew he was waiting for a response, but her mind hadn't prepared one yet, she had nothing to give him. Finally, she could feel the tension of his waiting choking her and she spluttered out, "Severus, I...I need time to think about this. Can...can we talk about this later and...and just enjoy our tea?" If anyone didn't mind pressuring her into making up her mind about things, it was Severus. She didn't have to imagine very hard to think that he might insist that she talk it out, give him an answer before she left. To her relief, however, he nodded, his face still a mask, and he said, "All right. Think about it. Take your time. I don't want you to take such a thing lightly. Would you care for more tea? You're down to the dregs." So she was. Lydia actually let out a small sigh as he refilled her cup, refilling his own and stirring in more honey before they relaxed into their previous posture, sipping their tea together in silence. Her mind was still more or less preoccupied with his proposal, but eventually he set down a half-empty cup of tea and said, "So, how are classes?" Within the hour, he had unloaded all of his thoughts on the dunderheads he taught and she explained to him her breakthrough moment with the seventh years, and the way her lesson plans had changed based on their progress. Lydia had forgotten all about the issue at hand, the discussion she would have to think about. But it returned to her when she crawled into bed that night and felt the strange, momentary coolness of the space between the sheets in a bed that had not been touched all day. Whatever she chose, Severus was right about one thing: she had still not gotten fully used to sleeping alone. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader RiseOfDarkNatsu, who followed and favorited this story about a month ago. SORRY it's taken so long to reward you. Your contribution to the readership of this story is fully felt and appreciated, though, and I hope you continue to enjoy! -C
The students being, more or less, gone from Hogwarts was a very strange sensation. Lydia had forgotten how large the castle felt when it was virtually empty, and it was unnerving to feel again as an adult. She looked out at the grounds from a fifth floor window, watching the snow fall and forgetting she'd been headed down to dinner. There was the sound of a throat clearing behind her and she turned to see Polyxena Barker. "Lydia," the woman said warmly, a tone that didn't suit her face or stance. "Were you going down to dinner?" "Yes," Lydia replied, brushing hair behind her ear. "It's that time. How have you been, Polyxena?" The two women had not truly become close over the first term, mostly because the first term of teaching was exhausting. It left little time for making new friends. They discussed their term on the way down to the entrance hall, and had just stepped off the marble staircase into the hall when Polyxena frowned. "Ah, I just recalled, I forgot to move some papers, and if I don't do it while I'm thinking of it, I'll never remember. Excuse me. I'll see you at dinner." Before Lydia even had a moment to recover from this strange moment and head into the Great Hall, she found Severus standing at her side, eyebrows raised. "Good evening," he said, his voice sounding especially rich. She knew it had something to do with the cold air they had in abundance, but Lydia wondered for a brief moment if he wasn't sounding like that on purpose for some silly reason. She became increasingly suspicious when he leaned in and said, "Have you thought much on what I suggested last month?" If it hadn't been Severus, she would have really thought he was trying to impress her. "I haven't had the time, honestly," Lydia said with a smile. "The essays... I don't know how you manage it all, you have to read twice as much work as me, and yet you seem to have spare time and I don't know where to find two spare seconds together." He stared at her, his face schooled into a mask once more and he said, turning toward the doors of the Great Hall, "I don't sleep. Come. Dinner." She told herself he was joking as they crossed the hall and took their seats at the Head Table, but Lydia thought that perhaps it really was the truth. Of course, not sleeping had its dangers, but he must sleep sometime. Maybe he just...didn't sleep as much as he ought to? Minerva (it was strange to think of her teachers by their first names, as colleagues), smiled at Lydia a little tightly as she sat, but that was Minerva's way. "How does it feel to be done with the first term?" Minerva asked. "Refreshing?" "I'll let you know when I've got my sanity back," Lydia said sweetly, half-teasing. "For the moment, I'm just enjoying the piece and quiet." "The emptiness," Severus murmured beside her, so low that she knew no one could hear but her. He had a voice that sent shivers down the spine naturally at that volume, in that tone, but now she knew he was doing it on purpose. It wasn't the first time he tried to be a voice in the back of her head, and usually he succeeded. Lydia closed her eyes and forced a smile as she reached for her pumpkin juice. If Severus was trying this hard to get her to even think about his proposition, he was lonelier than she had imagined. No more was said on the subject during dinner, but Severus and Lydia walked out into the entrance hall together and he pulled her aside as Pomona Sprout headed up to her quarters for the night. "Lydia, I don't want to pressure you." Yes, you do. "This isn't the sort of decision I want to make for you, and you know me well enough to know I would usually have no qualms with such a thing." He paused and nodded to Filius as he scurried past them. "But please, consider quickly." "You know I can't do that," she said, giving him a sorry smile. "Severus, even if I had all my time to myself, you know me well enough to know that I need time to really think about things." Severus snorted. "You only need time because you spend too much worrying about things that don't matter and then someone else makes up your mind for you. Fine, if you want me to push you, I'll give you a push. If you haven't made up your mind by Easter, I will make it up for you." Before she could ask him exactly how he intended to make it for her, Severus turned sharply and stalked off down the staircase quickly toward his quarters, down the staircase where Mary's body had been discovered so many years ago. Lydia had begun to follow him instinctively, but she paused at the staircase, looking up at the ceiling, the image of blood dripping from ghostly, chalky white toes flashing in her mind and she took a sharp step back, feeling dizzy. Easter. That was months away. Maybe he really didn't want to pressure her after all. Lydia walked up to her quarters deep in thought. Severus was more lonely than she could have ever imagined, and when she sat down on the edge of her bed she picked up a picture of herself with Lily, touching the face of her laughing, smiling friend. If Lydia accepted his plan, she would be a replacement for his imagined love with Lily, the relationship that could never have been, even if Lily had lived. It was worse that being the idealized version of herself for Sirius, it was being a replacement for an idealized version of her perfect best friend. She woke the next morning, however, without understanding why. Her body was telling her in all the annoying ways it could, that she wasn't meant to be up yet, but her eyes were still flickering open as she groaned, sitting up. Something had woken her. That something, she found, was a person standing over her, and the person, when the room came into focus, was Severus. "Happy Christmas," he said, watching her rub the sleep from her eyes. He tossed a parcel onto her bed. If she hadn't been so exhausted and wrong-footed, she would have laughed. Instead, she motioned to her bedside table, where his present was sitting, carefully wrapped. She unwrapped the gift slowly, still not fully-awake, feeling like the best thing would actually be to fall back on her pillows and go right back to bed. Inside the smooth, ebony box were three silver knives, ones she recognized as incredibly good for a single purpose. "Your brewing skills will get rusty," Severus said when she looked up at him, not needing her to ask, "if you don't practice. Feel free to brew with me at any time. I could use a hand with measurements on some of the more difficult potions." She smiled to herself, fully awake now. Just like Severus, giving her a gift that was more a gift to himself than to her. But she didn't mind. In truth, she had missed working with him on potions, working with someone on something she was good at, someone who was just as good or better. Sirius had never understood her work, and although Severus had some measure of understanding, he could not truly help her with it like she could help with his. "I would like that very much," she said, smiling as he pulled off the last bit of wrapping on his own gift. Severus swallowed visibly as he touched the frame of the photograph. Lydia did not have to see it to know what he was looking at. She had found an old photograph in the things Remus had found for her amongst Lily's possessions, from when Lydia and Lily and Severus were fifteen. It was maybe three months before Lily and Severus stopped speaking forever, and they had been playing Exploding Snap together, and Severus's eyebrows had been...damaged. Lydia took a picture, of Severus and Lily laughing together, and Lily had kept it all those years, in spite of everything. "I'm sorry I couldn't find one where you had eyebrows. It was the only one Lily had saved." Severus's eyes flitted up to her in surprise. "I found it in her things, with some other photographs from school. Despite the fact that part of your face is...wrong, it's not a bad picture." Severus nodded. They sat together in pensive silence for what felt like far too long, Severus caressing the photograph with a callused thumb, Lydia caressing the one of the knives for something to do. After a careless moment, however, her thumb began to sting and she hissed, pulling it up to her face. Severus started, grabbing her hand and pulling it into the light. "Be more careful, foolish girl," he snapped, pulling out his wand and healing her thumb. "It was just a scrape." "And next time it might be your thumb." The set of his jaw, the flashing in his eyes, the way his whole body was arranged... Like Sirius when he'd learned she'd broken a glass while doing dishes. Lydia frowned, pulling her hand away from Severus's hold. If she hadn't known it was a war reflex, she would have told him not to be so snippy with her. Lydia didn't want to spoil their Christmas, though, and so they went on to Lydia opening the rest of her gifts with Severus watching, and them sharing a cup of tea and some biscuits before Christmas brunch. "This was nice," Lydia said, walking down to the Great Hall with Severus, adjusting her robes over her jumper. "Like that last Christmas we had together in school. Remember?" She watched Severus as they stood on the landing of a moving staircase. His lips twitched into a momentary smile as he recalled their bluebell flames, the ability to just be together without worrying what someone else was going to do or say in response to their friendship. For the first time, she realized that she finally had that sort of freedom with Severus. All of her friends who hated him were gone, out of her life forever. All of his fellow Death Eaters were either dead, in Azkaban, or posing as model members of society, too scared to go back to the old ways because of fear of being discovered. They were safe to associate publicly, free to be whatever they wished to be. Lydia smiled, linking her arm with his as they continued down the stairs. He stiffened a moment in surprise as they walked, and then he relaxed slightly and said, "I suppose this is not your answer." She laughed and said, "Take it more as an act of friendship, Sev." Instead of being annoyed, like she expected him to be, his face softened and for the first time in a long time she thought he looked...light. He could feel it too, their freedom. They walked the rest of the way to the Great Hall arm in arm, but they parted before entering, as several students were still at the castle and it didn't seem appropriate in front of them. They took seats beside each other, across from Filius and Polyxena. "Happy Christmas all!" Albus said happily, motioning for them to help themselves to the feast. He set off a few Christmas crackers with the students he was seated with, and Lydia began to put some asparagus on her plate. She tipped a few spears onto Severus's plate as well, just as he was placing a perfectly sized slice of ham on her plate. Polyxena was watching them with amusement. "You must have known each other quite some time," she said to Lydia, who was shifting the asparagus to make room for some roasted potatoes. "Sorry?" "It's just, you two function like a unit. It's like watching a dance or something. Don't you agree, Filius?" Filius nodded and smiled. He replied with his squeaky voice, "They were friends for as long as I've known them, practically from the first day of school. They were in the same year. Different houses, but that doesn't always stop a friendship." Lydia just shrugged and rolled her potatoes around in a pad of butter. "We lived across the street from each other growing up," she explained. "It's a bonding experience. And while I can say that Severus does not make friends easily, he doesn't let go of them easily either." She smirked a little as his scowl deepened and he looked pointedly down at his ham. The magic of their earlier Christmas celebrations alone, opening gifts and bonding, was dampened slightly by the presence of everyone else, the jollity other people brought with them on such occasions, the expectation of merriment and cheer. The students left first, one of them declaring a challenge for a snowball fight, and the others of course being unable to resist the challenge. After the students had gone, the handful of teachers who had chosen to stay began to leave one by one until only Dumbledore, Polyxena, Lydia, Severus, and Minerva were still there. Lydia, bored of conversation about grading periods, got up to examine closer Filius's charmwork on the decorations of the trees that lined the Great Hall. She licked her lips as she touched an icy blue one, but pulled her hand away as she realized it was actually freezing to the touch. "He does something different every year," Severus murmured smoothly in her ear, causing a shiver to run up her spine. "They have tried to talk me into participating in this madness of decoration, but I have managed to weasel out of it." "How?" "I tell them I'm color blind." Lydia looked up at him, gaping, seeing his satisfied smirk and smacking his shoulder playfully. "You lying bastard," she hissed, trying not to laugh. "I'll rat you out." His eyes flashed. "You wouldn't dare." Lydia cocked her head, a smirk playing at the corners of her own lips. "Try me," she said. Severus leaned forward slightly. "I think not, my dear. We both know how much you hate confrontation. I don't think you want to start that game with me, not here where I know where you sleep." She shivered again and could feel her cheeks turning pink at his triumphant smirk. She was started, however, out of her embarrassment by laughter at the single table they had sat at for brunch. The other teachers were watching them, waiting for something. "I was wondering who was going to fall into that trap first," Albus said, his blue eyes twinkling merrily. "I must say, I am pleasantly surprised." Lydia raised her eyebrows, looking to Severus, who seemed equally puzzled. "Sir?" "Forgive me, my dear," Albus continued, standing and moving toward them. "It is a bit of a tired tradition, but I do enjoy the silliness it often brings." She still did not understand, looking around at the other faces, which were still full of expectation as the watched her. Then she turned the words over in her mind and felt her heart stop before looking up. Mistletoe. Someone had suspended mistletoe in the air on the bottom of one of the candles, and it was hovering just above her and Severus. She expected Severus to grumble, at least for appearances, and she was not disappointed. "Albus, this is highly inappropriate," Severus snarled. "Just a bit of lightheartedness, Severus," Albus said, still smiling as though one of his employees didn't appear to want to skin him alive. "Surely you can indulge the Christmas spirit. Just a quick peck is all it takes." Although Severus had kissed her a couple of times now, she hardly had a clear memory of them, and this was something entirely different. She could see it coming, and there were people watching. They were in a highly public place, and anyone could walk in at any moment. Lydia felt suddenly nauseous with the expectant stares. Severus glared at Albus long and hard, but eventually he turned to Lydia, still glaring. She expected it to be just that, a quick peck and hardly even a kiss at that. She was slightly surprise when Severus leaned forward and placed a soft, tender kiss on the corner of her mouth, not long enough to cause any suspicion, but gentle enough for her to contrast it with his previous kisses. He was making a statement that only she could understand: he'd done it on purpose, walked under the mistletoe after her. He sought to remind her of his proposition. Well, she stood reminded all right, and as he stalked out of the Great Hall not even a moment later, the amused sounds of Polyxena and Minerva, and Albus's clapping filling the air, Lydia watched after him, feeling strangely guilty. He has said that nothing would really change between them, that they would both go in knowing what they wanted and what was expected and that would be that. Simple, he had said. It would all be simple. But that kiss, there was nothing about it that said to her "filling a void." That kiss was... Perfect. A question from Minerva pulled Lydia out of her reverie and she rejoined the table, letting Polyxena pour her a glass of eggnog. "I'm sorry, Minerva, I'm afraid I wasn't listening," Lydia said softly, her mind still half on the kiss, the proposition, and what on earth she was going to do about it all as Minvera asked her question once more.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to the wonderful The Yoshinator, who has been my most faithful companion in this story to date. I hope life is treating you better now, dear, and I hope you enjoy this chapter. Happy fictional New Year, everybody! And to the guest who reviewed chapter 74, yes, I think Jo Rowling is right about the fact that Lily might have married Severus had he turned from the Dark Arts. My point is that it wouldn't have happened. Not in that time and place, not in the situations they were in. And that's why she married James and not Severus. It was written that way for a reason, and I've stayed faithful to that. Severus was obsessed with the Dark Arts even as a child. -C By New Years, Lydia was already bored of the lack of students at the castle, which she was puzzled by. She would have thought the peace and quiet would have afforded her more time to work on her research, but as it happened she felt especially unproductive the longer the break went on. There was something just wrong about a quiet Hogwarts. Quiet was suspended for an evening, however, when Albus ordered the staff to attend a New Year's staff party in place of their usual staff meeting. Lydia put on a nicer set of robes and went to the staff room, biting back a snort when she saw the over-the-top decoration that only Albus could have coordinated, and to top it off was Severus sulking in the corner. "You are Lydia Rowe." Lydia turned to find a woman with shabby, tacky layered clothes, too many items of jewelry, and glasses so large that they made her eyes look massive. Her hair was wild, and her voice was wispy, like a breath of wind. "Ah, yes, I am," Lydia said, trying to recall who this woman might be. She'd not been at any staff meetings that Lydia could recall. "Ah, Sibyll! I see you and Lydia are becoming acquainted." At the sound of Lydia's name, Severus jerked to attention, looking across the room. When he met Lydia's eye, he smirked at her predicament. And she was beginning to realize why. Sibyll Trelawney, the mad Divination professor Severus had mentioned previously. "Ah, yes, we were just meeting," Lydia said, anxiously groping for something to get her out of this conversation. "You, my dear, have been in my crystal ball," Sibyll said mistily, her skinny arms reaching out so that she could grasp at Lydia's forearms with bone-thin hands. They had surprisingly strong grip. "Oh?" Lydia glanced over at Severus, who was watching with amusement, sipping at his tea, obviously with no intention of rescuing her. "Yes, and I think I ought to tell you, dear, you will experience great pain." Story of her bloody life. "Thank you, that sounds lovely. I hate to be rude," Lydia said, sweetly as she could manage, "but I've actually got to discuss...mandrakes with Severus. Forgive me." Mandrakes? Merlin, she was desperate if she couldn't come up with a better excuse than that. She crossed the room as quickly as she could to avoid being stopped by Albus. "I see you've met the resident psychopath," Severus said dryly, hiding his smirk behind his tea still. "Really? I thought that was you." His face darkened instantly, but he made no response. After all, she was fairly certain that he was the only professor in the room who had killed during the war, unless Albus had and she'd not heard about it, but that would have surprised her. After a moment, Severus said, "You're not partaking in the champagne." Lydia shrugged. Even looking at the bubbly drink made her think of Sirius, of Remus and Sirius and the mess they always made holidays together. Things were obviously different with the staff, but it didn't feel right. "Neither or you." Severus's lips curled, not exactly into a smile, and he said, "Champagne does not agree with me." Lydia looked up at him with surprise and confusion. Her expression quietly asked him for an explanation, even a small indication of what he meant, but although she knew he could tell she was curious, he offered nothing. Severus had never been particularly fond of alcohol, especially anything that Muggles could consume. It reminded him of his father, the brute his father was normally and the monster he became when he imbibed. But surely Tobias Snape could never afford champagne. "I hope Severus doesn't induct you into his tradition of hiding out and scowling in a corner, Lydia," Minerva said cheerfully, announcing her presence and pushing her way into their conversation with customary firmness. "I worry." "Worry?" Lydia said, smiling and trying to take pressure off Severus, who looked very uncomfortable. "About what?" "That he will be a bad influence on you," Minerva said in a low voice. "You were hard enough to break out of your shell as a child, and the Marauders did wonders to break out out of that. Black even-" She broke off abruptly with an apologetic, mildly horrified look. Lydia saw Severus's whole face darken, felt him stiffen beside her. She suspected that her own face had changed dramatically at the mention of Sirius. "In any case," Minerva continued, recovering herself a little, "I should hate to see you revert to being so quiet. You have a lot to offer to any conversation." "That's very kind of you to say," Lydia said, feeling a bit uncomfortable with praise she didn't agree with. She had very little to add to any conversation. Not long after Minerva joined them, Severus excused himself and left the party altogether. Lydia watched him go wondering what had prompted his sudden exit, but not wondering enough to go after him. He would press her again, and she had no updated thoughts since Christmas. After an hour of watching Filius and Trelawney drink too much and seeing Pomona begin to turn red in the face Lydia understood why Severus had left. He had been here before, he knew what was going to happen, and he got out before he had to see people behaving drunkenly, even harmlessly drunk. Her own discomfort began to kick in and she excused herself as gracefully as possible, walking through the dark castle alone, shivering slightly at the coolness of the stone corridors. Was Severus truly a bad influence on her? She was more reserved with him than she'd been with Sirius, but part of that was that Sirius never asked her to socialize with anyone she wasn't already friends with. Now all her friends were dead, and as Severus had told her, he'd never really had friends apart from her and Lily to begin with. Lydia did try to be social with her fellow teachers, but it was a hard habit to break, distancing herself from them. After all, so many had been teaching since before she'd been at school, and many of them had even taught her. Thinking of them as equals and friends was a bizarre shift. Waiting for her in her room was a glass on her bedside table. Lydia frowned at it, picking it up and sniffing. A gin and french. Severus must have put it there when he'd left the party, a substitute for the champagne she could no longer stand to drink. She licked her lips, her mouth watering at the smell of her favorite drink. The gesture was thoughtful, but she knew what went along with it. Severus had always been thoughtful and attentive, the sort of person who noticed every detail and managed to utilize the information, but it was never free of strings. Every action Severus did, he expected to be paid back in kind, and he knew that everything he did now would influence Lydia's decision on his proposal. Her fingertips traced the rim of the glass as she kicked off her shoes, sitting down on the edge of the bed. Severus had always promised to take care of her, always knew her secrets, always saw her for who she was and accepted that. Sirius saw what he wanted to see. Lily saw what she expected to see. James saw what it was useful for him to see. Remus saw what she worked hard for him to see. But Severus, he saw her. Even when she didn't want him to, he knew everything, and she would have trusted him with anything but for the war. Even with it, she trusted him with more than she perhaps should have. If there was one thing she had never doubted, it was Severus's devotion to their solidarity, to somewhere warmer, someday. She smiled to herself, wondering if he ever imagined that they'd end up living in Scotland. Hardly somewhere warmer. Someday, though, someday could still happen. Somewhere warmer didn't have to be a dream that was dead. As much as Lydia wanted to believe, though, that things had really changed, that the war was over and things could be different, she could almost hear Lily's voice from years ago, when they were fifteen, in her ears: I don't want to be an exception. I want him to be good. Even Lily couldn't wish Severus light. Severus would have crawled across the earth to please her, but he wouldn't give up the Dark Lord. Or perhaps, by the time he realized he had to choose it was already too late. And then, by the time he'd chosen Lily and actually switched sides for her sake, it was too late all over again. Was that really change, if all it was was being so in love with Lily that he would have done anything to save her? It didn't matter, Lydia told herself. The war was over. If he wanted to go back to toying with Dark spells and potions, what difference did it make? Except that Lydia felt her skin crawl at the thought of the ingredients and side effects of the things Severus liked to dabble in. She would have to draw a line, if she was going to help him with potions, that she would not do Dark things, if she found out he was still dabbling. But was that a question that should determine whether or not they did...whatever it was they ended up doing with his proposition? Should she question him about loyalties and leanings and things before she let him kiss her again? At the thought of him kissing her, Lydia could feel the corner of her mouth tingling slightly. She lifted the glass to her lips, poised to drink, breathing in the fumes of the alcohol and trying to change her train of thought. More or less, it worked. The smell reminded her of parties in the common room, birthdays and Quidditch victories, the feel of Sirius's hands around her waist as he pushed her against a wall of the Gryffindor Tower, eagerly kissing her in front of everyone, in front of Remus. It reminded her of nights up waiting for Sirius to come home during the war, of trying to erase the guilt of thinking of Remus while sleeping with Sirius as she watched Sirius sleep. The gin and french had been her favorite drink, her good and faithful friend through years of ups and downs. Despite the fact that it was her childhood home, essentially, Hogwarts was not a place for her to dwell on her past. It was a fresh start, doing it over again, rediscovering what she wanted out of life. She felt suddenly quite ill and she jerked the drink away from her face and marched straight in to her bathroom, watching with a tired ache in her head as she poured the gin and french down the drain. Never again would she drink it. Ever. And she went to sleep. Lydia felt mildly guilty, arranging things in her life explicitly so that Severus did not learn of them, but she had made plans for when she knew he was going to have a meeting with Albus. It was tricky to do, with so much to juggle in consideration and the students coming back in three days, but she wrapped her scarf more around her face to stave off the cold January air as she walked to the village of Hogsmeade and swore up and down to herself that it was absolutely worth it. Severus would never approve. She was a grown woman, she reminded herself as she continued up the path. She didn't need Severus's approval. But somehow, she knew she really did much of the time. As bitter as she still was about the sedative on Halloween, he seemed to know what was best for her even when she was stubbornly refusing it. But this was just lunch. Yes, lunch with Remus, but merely lunch all the same. When she arrived at the Three Broomsticks, cold, wet, shivering slightly, she saw him sitting in the corner tapping his fingers anxiously on a table and grasping at a tankard with his free hand. Lydia sat down across from him and smiled. "Oh, you look cold," Remus said nervously, pulling out his wand and quickly drying her off. "Long walk?" "Longer than I recall from childhood," Lydia said with a small laugh that felt dangerously close to a cough. She hated winter air in Scotland. "How we used to do this every month, I'll never know." "I'm sorry I didn't order you anything," Remus said sheepishly. "But I came a little later than I expected and I thought you would be coming soon enough to order for yourself." Lydia nodded and said, "I'll get the food as well. Same as in school?" Remus said yes and she went up to the bar, where Madam Rosmerta was pouring butterbeer for some locals. "Hello, Lydia," Madam Rosmerta said happily. "I hear you're working up at the school. Congratulations." "Thank you," Lydia said brightly. "Can I get a special and a steak for Remus." "Just above rare?" "That's the one. And a firewhiskey, please." "Oh, he's already got his drink." "I know," Lydia said, her smile turning a bit sheepish. "The firewhiskey's for me." Rosmerta gave her a surprised sort of considering look, but she said nothing as she bustled to get Lydia's drink and take down their order. Lydia settled back at the table with her drink in hand and blushed slightly at Remus's surprised expression. "That's firewhiskey." "Yeah," Lydia said, shrugging slightly. "Thought it would warm me up a bit." "You could have gotten butterbeer," Remus said slowly. "I never thought you liked firewhiskey." She didn't, and when she shrugged and took a long swig she recalled why. Her whole throat burned, and the sensation followed down into her belly where it settled uncomfortably. This had been Sirius's drink of choice, the thing that was around the house when he wasn't, to comfort her when he was off doing something dangerous. Was it really dangerous if he'd been a traitor all that time? But in the moment, she'd been afraid for him, even if there had been no need. The food came to jar her out of those thoughts, and she merely sipped her drink as she ate her pasty. Remus cut into the steak and she could see it was so pink it was almost bleeding. If she'd had a weaker stomach it would have made her sick. "How's work?" she asked, rubbing her pastry-covered fingertips on a napkin while he cut the last bit of his steak in two. There actually was a bit of blood in that bit, but either he didn't notice or didn't care, loading up his fork. "I've got a new job, actually," he said gloomily. "They hadn't known, and when they tried to call me in for an extra day on my break and dropped by and heard me howling they put two and two together and... Well, I was given the boot the next morning." "Oh, Remus, I'm so sorry," Lydia said, setting down her drink. "You loved that job." "I loved that I had a job longer than a month or two," he said with a forced-brave shrug. "The work was never something I was particularly attached to. You know that." "Well," she said sadly, watching him finish the last bites of his steak. "Well, what are you up to these days?" Lydia listened and interjected appropriately as he told her about his job as a handyman for a wealthy half-blood businessman about three times their age. "He founded the Knight Bus, you know," Remus said thoughtfully. "Strange to think it hasn't always been there, isn't it?" Lydia agreed, and tried not to think about the added lines on Remus's face, the little bit more gray in his hair, the new scars on his hands. He finished his drink, and she only managed to get about halfway through her own, but it was starting to get later and later, and soon Severus might go looking for her. The meeting had to be long over. "Well," Lydia finally said as remus pushed his empty drink away, "I hate to cut it short, but I've really got a lot of work to do before the students come back..." "Oh, of course," Remus said, smiling at her tiredly. "I'm probably going to stay and have another before I go home. I'd forgotten how good it was to be out, to do something. But you go on. Have a warmer walk back, I hope." Lydia nodded, smiling, and she paused at the bar before she went out, trying to make it look like she'd just stopped to say goodbye to Madam Rosmerta. If he just had a new job, Merlin only knew how long he'd been without work altogether. "Remus is going to order another," she said softly, slipping a bit of gold across the counter. "This should cover it." "Lydia..." "Don't let him argue," Lydia said sternly. "Have a good day, Rosmerta." She stepped back out into the cold air feeling both empty and proud, all at once.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer Mu-Nition, who seems to enjoy the direction of Severus and Lydia's development. I daresay I hope you all are, as much as I am. You should find this fun. You should find the next chapter even more fun. I'm itching to write it already! -C Lydia would have to rethink assigning essays due on Mondays. It put too much pressure on her to grade them by the next class, and although for the soonest that would be Wednesday, more work would pile up before then and it just seemed reasonable to do as much that night as she could. She had actually gotten into a bit of a rhythm with the third year essays when the door to her quarters opened and closed abruptly, startling her out of what she was doing and leaving a large line of ink on the margin of a Ravenclaw boy's essay, trailing onto her desk. "Did I frighten you?" Severus asked, the corners of his lips curling upward in amusement. Lydia sighed, rubbing her eyes with one hand as she capped her ink and set her quill aside. "A little," she admitted. "I was marking essays." She frowned. He was walking strangely, with his hands behind his back in a different way than normal. "Is something wrong, Severus? Have I forgotten something?" "Perhaps," he said slowly, crossing to sit in a chair beside her desk. "Tell me, what is the date tomorrow?" Lydia frowned, trying to recall what day it was. She knew it was February, but for the life of her she couldn't think of the date. She looked down at the date on one of the essays and said, "Tomorrow's the fifteen." "And what does that make today?" For a brief moment, Lydia wondered why he was making her do incredibly basic maths, but then it dawned on her and her lips formed a small 'o' as she looked down at her ink-stained fingerstips. She wished he hadn't mentioned it. She'd spent the last Valentine's Day alone, and the fact that she had forgotten the day altogether seemed rather promising. She didn't want reminders that she'd spent years of Valentine's Days with Sirius. "Have I upset you?" he asked, leaning forward, hands still behind his back awkwardly. "No," she lied, shaking her head. "No, Sev, I just...try not to think about things like that." He nodded, pulling from behind his back both of his hands and a pair of small, meticulously wrapped parcels. Lydia swallowed and watched as he set them down on her desk, pushing them toward her. "This is not to try to influence your decision," he said slowly. If not for knowing him so well, Lydia might not have believed him. But Severus wasn't one for bribery, even with her. Threatening, perhaps, but not bribery. "But I knew this might be...a difficult day for you, if you remembered. And I thought this might help to...fill the hole." His eyes were full of incredible patience as she let her hands twitch forward to the closest parcel. She peeled off the wrapping quickly but neatly, aware that he was carefully watching her every move. Not for well over a year had she been so carefully scrutinized in a task. Her fingertips padded a little bit of drying ink onto the box lid as she gingerly lifted it, revealing a carefully padded bottle of Madam Rosmerta's best oak-matured mead. The lettering on the bottle was artistically and tastefully etched, and she ran her fingers along it, feeling the grooves and the surprising warmth of the liquid through the bottle. Magical liquor was a strange thing. "I noticed," Severus said softly, "that you have opted against your gin and french the last few drinks we've shared. And I thought...I thought that if you were looking for a change, I would provide you with something a bit warmer." Something warmer. Lydia smiled a little without knowing why, setting the bottle on the corner of her desk and thanking him before turning to the second, smaller box. Her hands moved more quickly but just as carefully, peeling away the wrapping with newfound vigor. The box was not a packaging box, but a small, carved wooden box with a wand-etched fleur-de-lis on the lid. She lifted the lid, letting its brass hinges pull it back and hold it in place. The emerald, velvet lined box suddenly became very real to her. A Prince family heirloom, from his mother. The symbol on the front was a modification of the fleur-de-lis pattern that was part of her family crest, something she had seen once or twice on things his mother kept hidden away from Tobias Snape. As interested as she was in the box itself, inside, wrapped in a black silk cloth, was something far more fascinating. "Severus, this..." The necklace was one his mother had worn a few times in Lydia's memory, when they had been quite young, new at school. Eileen Snape had worn it when Severus was going to Hogwarts the first time, on the platform, because Tobias had not been there. It was the necklace Lydia's own mother had complimented so warmly when the two women had met that September morning. It was the necklace of a dead woman, probably, but for all Severus would never say, a woman who was very dear to him. "Before you tell me you can't accept it," Severus said quickly, "I have no use for it and selling it seems vile, considering it was my mother's prized possession. She would want me to give it to you anyway. She liked you. She never...she never liked Lily." Of course she hadn't, because Eileen Prince was a bigot toward Muggleborns in spite of her running off with a Muggle, and because Lily represented the clean, happy family Eileen wanted but could never have. Because she could not think of words to express what this meant to her, what she knew it meant to him, Lydia's tongue darted onto her lips for just a brief moment before she leaned forward and touched her lips to his. Lingering wasn't the right word, but it wasn't a peck, either. Something between the two would describe it, and it was only just long enough for Lydia to wonder what he would say and do when she pulled away. And then she pulled away and looked up into his vast, dark, neutral eyes. "That is not your reply," he said in a voice that was barely more than a whisper. He was not asking. He understood that the kiss was exactly what she'd meant it to be, and he did not ask for it to be more. Lydia just moved back a little bit further and let him pull the necklace out of the box, putting it around her neck. The weight of it was strangely familiar, and she realized that it was only slightly heavier than the pendant Sirius had gotten her in school. Pushing the thought violently from her mind, she took Severus's hand and said, "Let's have some tea." "No mead?" he asked, his lips turning up into a smirk at his little joke. She gave him a light swat on the shoulder and led him in toward the fireplace, where she started tea and set about finding the honey she'd put in the cupboard. "D'you think Polyxena will last more than a year?" Severus snorted. "Whatever I feel about the job being cursed or not, something always happens," he said. "Could she last the year? Of course, anything's possible, but I wouldn't bet anything on it. Only a fool would do such a thing." He paused, watching her pour the tea and stir in his honey. Although she did not notice, he made a note of the fact that she'd gone back to taking her tea black. "You, on the other hand, I expect to last many, many years here at Hogwarts." Lydia laughed, bringing the tea over and sitting beside him on the rug, handing him his cup. She didn't think she was an especially good teacher, and she was really only just starting to find a routine for class that was comfortable. Rigorous, though, wasn't the right word. She would never be McGonagall or even Severus, who seemed to have a natural gift for working his students harder than seemed possible. In two such dangerous courses as Transfiguration and Potions, Minerva and Severus managed to push the students to their limits, and got surprisingly good results. Lydia didn't feel like she could push the students any harder because she was at her own limit for keeping up with them, and she didn't even have half as many students as either Minerva or Severus. "You think I am making light of your abilities?" Severus asked, quirking an eyebrow. "I have heard the students discussing your class. They have a great deal of respect for you." "They have respect for me because my name is mentioned in their books. That doesn't really mean anything for my teaching." Severus smirked, lifting his wand and starting a fire in the grate. "You underestimate yourself, Lydia. The Ravenclaws do not impress as easily as you might imagine. Several of the seventh year boys fantasize about you." "What?" "Indeed, I have skimmed their minds while they were lazing off in class. One in particular has a strong desire for you to force him to write out all your equations longhand while licking your-" "Severus!" "Feet. I was going to say feet." Lydia felt absolutely disgusted. She knew that teenaged boys were perverts, but there was something very disturbing to her that Severus found it amusing. Or was it her horror he was finding amusing? Part of her needed to know which boys, but she knew that knowing would only make her discomfort in class so much worse. And she would never be able to grade them fairly or call on them or indeed look them in the eye ever again. "How soon do you start writing your exams for the year?" Lydia asked, eager to change the tide of the conversation. Severus smirked a little at her obvious tactics, but he answered the question and they talked about bland but safe things for the rest of the night. After about three cups of tea each, neither Lydia nor Severus particularly felt like drinking anymore. Instead, she felt herself getting a bit drowsy, watching the fire beginning to burn down as Severus lazily ran his fingers through the ends of her hair. The rhythm of his hand was hypnotic. The conversation died off slowly, the gaps in their exchanges becoming longer and more frequent, and Lydia rested her head on Severus's shoulder, feeling the familiar curve of it beneath her head, feeling the firm safety of his hold as his hand continued to stroke her hair. The fire was burning much lower, and she could feel her eyelids beginning to droop. "Who would have thought," she muttered, more to herself than to him. "Hmm?" "Who would have thought," she repeated as he summoned a blanket and she shifted her head to be more comfortable, "that somewhere warmer was in Scotland?" Severus chuckled softly, the soft rumble in his chest lulling her to sleep in his arms. Lydia felt her eyelids flutter as she grew comfortable. Her eyes closed, and he wrapped the blanket around them, warming them as the heat from the fire became negligible. The very last thing she felt before falling asleep was Severus leaning down to kiss her hairline, and she surrendered to the warmth and comfort of sleeping in someone else's arms. For the first time in a long time, she didn't have to sleep alone. The week seemed lighter, and when she found herself sitting beside Severus in the teacher's box of the Quidditch pitch on Saturday morning, she actually felt glad that he'd talked her into going to watch Ravenclaw play Slytherin. "You know virtually everyone on the Ravenclaw team," he had said. "They'll be pleased to see you supporting them." She hadn't been to a Quidditch match since school, and she keenly recalled missing the last one of seventh year to have sex with Sirius Black, but she pushed those thoughts from her mind and wrapped her scarf a bit more tightly as Severus told her about the Slytherin team. "The elder brother of Miss Barbary is on the team," he said, clearing his throat. "He plays keeper. He can't tell poisons apart to save his life, but he does know how to block a Quaffle. There is a sibling rivalry in this match as well. Annrosa Hardy, you know, is a seventh year in my house, and an excellent Beater. Her younger sister, Alice, is a Seeker for Ravenclaw." "I know Alice," Lydia said, adjusting her gloves. Had it always been so cold in Scotland? How had she ever played in this weather? "Miss Hardy is terrible at Arithmancy. I don't expect she'll get a pass on her O.W.L." She let her eyes scan the box to find that every other teacher was present but Sibyll Trelawney, who rarely left her tower. She was just about to ask Severus who did commentary when the teams walked out onto the pitch and the students began to roar with excitement, waving banners and screaming out to the players. "Good morning, Hogwarts!" said a clear, sweet voice from through a magical megaphone. Lydia blinked at Severus. "Yes," he said, an amused smirk twisting on his lips. "It is the elder Miss Barbary. Cassandra. She is surprisingly fair, even when her brother plays." Lydia did not find this surprising at all, knowing Cassandra Barbary to be competent and meticulous. "Captains Leonard-Dawson and Paul shake hands," Cassandra said, explaining the actions on the pitch. "Una Paul of Slytherin is dwarfed by her Ravenclaw opponent, although she does not appear intimidated. Her spritely build has helped her best many opposing Seekers over the years. The players are taking to the air. Slytherin has an advantage for experience, with all players returning for two years now. Ravenclaw has two young Chasers on their roster, Strongsmith and Slipford, who are lacking in experience but full of exuberance. The question is, will they be disciplined enough to break down the well-practiced formations of Parson, Tumblebrook, and Trevino-Robles?" In spite of knowing that Cassandra Barbary was quite capable, she was surprised at the quality of the work. The girl could have been a professional, and Severus said that she'd only been doing the job since the previous year. "And its Tumblebrook to Parson, back to Tumblebrook. Long pass up to Trevino-Robles, will she make it...? No! Intercepted by Kelsey Moses of Ravenclaw! Moses darts back up the field, soaring past Parson, dodges Tumblebrook. Surprising pass backward to Slipford who is taking the play a little lower in the air, now she's rising. Belladonna Slipford hit by a Bludger! That was a Bludger hit by Jack Yeatman of Slytherin, and he's dodging another Bludger of his own, hit by Straton Small of Ravenclaw. The Ravenclaw Beaters have Slytherin beat for size, but they've not made as many hits this match. This is probably because they don't have speed on their side. "Speaking of speed, is that the Snitch?" Lydia perked up, scanning the pitch for the bit of gold, but she'd never had an eye for it. Sure enough, though, Alice Hardy and Una Paul were both streaking from opposite ends of the pitch toward a spot in the center, well above the rest of the action. "They're going, going! That's a goal blocked by Slytherin Keeper Barbary, back luck for Strongsmith. The Seekers are closing in on the Snitch, but it's changing direction! Who will make it first? On paper it ought to be Paul with the experience upon Hardy, and a slightly quicker broomstick, but Hardy's quick on shifts in direction. And Hardy's diving!" Sophia Vance failed to block a shot from Kimella Parson, and Slytherin went up eighty to twenty, and then Cassandra Barbary, with a contained sort of excitement announced what everyone could see. "Una Paul has shot forward, Alice Hardy put off her track by a Bludger shot by her sister, Annrosa Hardy of Slytherin, and Una is closing in on the Snitch! And she's got it! Slytherin has the Snitch, and they have won, two hundred thirty to twenty!" Severus was clapping strongly, but not especially enthusiastically. Anyone else might have thought he wasn't proud, but Lydia could sense that he was incredibly proud of his students. As they walked back up to the school, he said, "I suspect that if all continues as it has, we'll beat out Gryffindor for the Quidditch Cup." Lydia smiled a little to herself, more than a little amused at his barely-veiled challenge. "I never took you for such a Quidditch fan, Severus," she teased, loosening her scarf under the heat caused by walking. "We never talked about it like this growing up." He smiled a little to himself, and she knew that if his students could see his face they might die of shock. "I happened to have watched an excellent Chaser in school," he said, his voice a low rumble so that Polyxena Barker and Albus Dumbledore didn't overhear. "I know you thought that I wasn't listening when you tried to explain the fouls and formations to Lily, but I was. And I was jealous. In the air you looked...free." Lydia did not know how to say that she'd felt free as well, that it had been the one place she'd always felt at peace, because they had reached the castle, and their imagined bubble of privacy seemed broken once again with the voices echoing on the stone walls of the entrance hall.
Only one thing was half as disagreeable to Lydia as confrontation, and that was a deadline. Even if the deadline was, as they often were, well more than the reasonable amount necessary for the task, as she felt the date closing in she would begin to panic. As Easter went from two months away to less than a month away in almost the blink of an eye, Lydia felt sick to her stomach a little bit more with every passing day. The only thing that kept her remotely sane was that she'd finally gotten into a routine as a teacher. In fact, on weekends she and Severus would do their grading together, side by side until one of them (inevitably Lydia, with fewer classes and less assigned) finished and turned to help the other. "Done again?" he asked as she set down her quill and flexed her fingers. He wasn't looking up at her. He was sneering down at an essay from one of his N.E.W.T. students. "Would you like to do the first year essays?" "What on?" "Properties of kelp and gillyweed." She licked her lips, pulled open 1,000 Magical Herbs and Fungi to the proper page for a quick refreshing of her memory, and said, "Sure, that seems fine. How long?" "Two feet." She laughed. He must have been joking. Perhaps two feet if it was on the properties of about six different plants, but for just the two? And kelp didn't even have much in the way of magical qualities. At the sound of her laugh he looked up and quirked a questioning eyebrow at her. The laugh died on her lips and she felt her eyes grow wide. "Seriously?" "Lydia, I realize that you are a lazy assigner, but some of us take coursework very seriously." She just shook her head and looked down at the essays he was pushing toward her. Two classes of twenty students, each with two feet of parchment. Did he honestly expect her to read eighty feet on kelp and gillyweed? But apparently he did, because he'd turned back to the N.E.W.T. level essay, his quill scribbling acerbic remarks on the margins, as usual. Lydia's job when helping Severus grade was carefully marking problem spots, incorrect statements, and paragraphs where information was left out altogether. She made no comments, but set aside the essays for his comments. Then all he had to do was read the sections she'd marked, comment, and assign a grade accordingly. It was a fairly quick compared with the way he usually pored over things, and Lydia suspected that with time he might even let her decide what marks the students would receive, once she'd learned all of his grading tics. After an hour, though, she'd only gotten through about a quarter of the stack. Severus had set aside the seventh year essays and pulled the slightly-larger sixth year stack toward him, stretching his fingers for a moment. After several moments without him picking up an essay, however, she looked up to find him watching her thoughtfully. "What?" she asked, forcing a laugh. "Have I got ink on my face?" "As it happens, yes," he said, expression not changing. "But..." "That's not what you're looking at?" "No," he said, reaching out with one of his large, steady hands. His fingertips were nearly always cold to the touch. "Can you believe that I've known you for half our lives and I never noticed..." As his fingers lingered they warmed against her face. Perhaps she was blushing without realizing. "What?" she asked again, watching his dark eyes move a bit closer. Was her voice really so breathless? "Your eyes," he said softly, his voice uncharacteristically gentle. "They're...green." Her stomach tightened. He was thinking of Lily, looking for any bit of Lily in Lydia. For some reason, this both upset her and resonated with her. Lydia knew she used Severus just as selfishly as a portal to their past loved ones. "Severus, they're not green. They're hazel." He shook his head, leaning even closer, eyes fixed on her eyes. "Not the whole iris, but the center, they're a sort of olive green." Lydia couldn't say yes or no for certain. She'd never liked looking at herself too closely in the mirror. And even though he was grasping at straws, looking for Lily in Lydia's face, Lydia was strangely flattered that he was bothering to look so closely. She doubted even Sirius knew about a strand of green in her eyes. He'd spent far too much time looking at the rest of her. She was beginning to open her mouth, not sure what she intended to say but certainly meaning to say something, when Severus leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. She was beginning to lose track of how many times he'd done this, and this time he lingered. He did not press the kiss, did not try to turn it into something more, but he seemed to be savoring the warmth of lips on his lips, which were nearly as cold as his fingers. Lydia didn't know why she was still stunned at the feeling of Severus kissing her. Perhaps because he always did it so suddenly. Perhaps because the very idea of it happening seemed so utterly improbable. She tore away from the kiss, staring at him, wondering how they had gotten to a point where lingering with their lips pressed together could elicit no truly stirring feeling in her. Was that her fault? Was it his? Lydia stood, pacing, ignoring the fact that Severus was watching her with a blank expression. If she had looked at him she would have thought him indifferent, but he was anxiously tapping his fingers against his thigh under the table, waiting on tenterhooks to see what she would do. Severus didn't really want her. He wanted Lily. And she didn't want Severus, she wanted Remus. But she would likely not have Remus for some time if ever, and Severus would truly never have Lily. Both of them could get something of what they needed without having to be dishonest, or fear being used. But she knew all this already. After all, Severus would never have presented the idea if he hadn't thought that there was some way that it would be attractive and appealing to her. He was right. It was looking increasingly appealing the longer she considered it. The real question that kept echoing in her mind was what if he did have some ulterior motive he was hiding, or what if she wasn't seeing the negatives because he'd so well-displayed the positives? The war was still in her head, still making her look for every possible undertone she would otherwise have missed. But even in the war, even with everything else, she had always trusted Severus. She trusted him now, but although he'd never lied to her, he'd never hesitated to leave things out. She turned to face him, watching his passive face, wondering if she could handle his unnerving ability to go from moments of tenderness to moments of complete numbness in less time than it took to breathe. "What troubles you?" he asked, cocking his head as he watched her pace. "Was the kiss not satisfactory?" Lydia laughed nervously, looking at the stack of essays she'd been grading to avoid looking at Severus. She knew he could see her face flushing, but to turn away entirely would be rude. "Sirius wanted me because he wanted what he thought I was," she said softly. "You want Lily. And I can't be Lily, Severus." "I realize," he said, nodding slowly. "This isn't about wants, Lydia. It's about needs." She raised her eyebrows and looked at him. To her surprise, Severus looked a little uncomfortable. "Not... Company. Companionship. Not... Lydia, you're lonely. I'm lonely. I will always know that I am not your choice. And you know I don't mean to pain you, but you know that Lily will always be my choice. But I cannot have her. And you will likely not have Remus." Well, there was her cue he was bargaining: if he was feeling especially honest he would have said she could not have Remus. Lydia knew Severus was sure it was an impossible dream. She licked her lips and looked at the fireplace before pacing again. "I know that's what you say," she said, nodding. "And that makes sense. If nothing else, we've never lied to each other. But...but we're human, Severus. And we're not perfect, and what if something goes wrong? What if this is a terrible mistake?" She heard his chair creak and shift as he stood and swiftly, softly crossed the room to stand behind her. "You're right, Lydia," he said. "We're not perfect. If we were perfect we wouldn't need this sort of arrangement. But are you truly happy alone?" Her fingers curled into her palms and she felt his hands on her arms. As usual, Severus was right. Every so often she would wake up expecting to find Sirius, and she was alone, and it was terrifying. Sometimes, when she sat alone working too long she thought she would hear the motorbike approaching. And then she would remember the war was over and Sirius had been the traitor and she would struggle to breathe. She looked up at Severus and gave him a sad smile. "It is hard for me to admit, even to you," he said, letting his arms fall to his sides again. "But...I've never been very good at being alone. And since the war, it only gets harder. I confess, pressing to have you work here was a selfish wish of mine. I knew I would feel a little less alone. But once you were here, I realized I needed more." Lydia bit the inside of her lip and frowned. She didn't like seeing Severus like this, vulnerable. She had always thought of him as strong, but then, there was something refreshing in his admission. "Do you promise me," she said softly, "that you'll be honest with me?" "When have I ever been anything else?" "No slithering around the issue, Sev," she said sternly, backing away slightly. "If I'm going to agree to...this, I've got to know that you're going to not spare my feelings, be totally honest with me, no matter what. Things can't change in the ways that matter or this won't turn out well." He nodded, obviously mentally chewing on her words. Lydia felt at such a disadvantage with him, knowing how clever he was, knowing he could survive the Death Eaters and fool even You-Know-Who, that he could read minds... And yet, in spite of the unfairness of their situation, the unequal footing between them, Lydia knew there was no one she had ever trusted more than Severus. "I promise." Lydia could feel herself smiling before she truly felt the accompanying emotions. Severus raised his eyebrows at her slightly, and she reached up to touch his cheek. Even over by the fireplace, so cold. "Well, then," she said, leaning back for a better look at his face. "I believe I'll have to say yes, then." Watching the slow change of his face as his mind made sense of her words was satisfying, but not nearly as satisfying as the kiss he gave her, leaning forward pushing her slightly against the wall and kissing her with more confidence than ever before. But it did not take long for Lydia to realize that Severus must not have had a lot of practice in the romance department. He was eager, anxious, and she could feel the tension coming off his body in waves, but he didn't take the next step. If there was anything she learned from being with Sirius, it was how to kiss. To give him encouragement, Lydia opened her mouth against his, using her lips to coax his cold ones open. Severus was a quick learner, following her lead very swiftly once he seemed to realize what she was doing, and it took very little time for his tongue to explore her mouth. She almost laughed at the strangeness that he always felt so physically cold, but his mouth and tongue were so strangely warm. The sensational difference was actually fairly exhilarating, and she hardly noticed that she'd wrapped her arms around his neck to pull him closer. When Severus became sure of himself, he took control of the situation. Perhaps it wasn't inexperience, exactly, because when he pulled her away from the wall and sat down, pulling her onto his lap, he did it with utter confidence of a man who had done it a time or two before. The action didn't have the smoothness of Sirius's natural arrogance or sex appeal, but it had Severus's very own brand of arrogance. He hated the word, and perhaps it wasn't the right one for what she was thinking, but there was something about Severus that had always reminded her very much of Sirius and James. Thoughts of trying to find the right word for that attitude, that way of commanding a room Severus had acquired and Sirius and James had always had, were swiftly put out of her mind as Severus's hand tentatively traced up her side. It tickled slightly, and she knew he was trying to decide what to do with his hands. To distract both herself and him, she took his face in her hands and nibbled lightly on his still-cold lower lip. He groaned into her mouth, and she could feel his cheeks heating against her fingertips. She smiled as he pulled his lips from hers and placed them on her jaw, open-mouthed and trailing kisses down her throat. She tilted her head back to provide better access, loving the strange sensation of his cool skin and his hot mouth. He lacked the technique of Sirius, but he certainly had good instincts. Her hands trailed down his own neck, down his shoulders, around his torso, gripping at his back. He had a surprisingly strong chest and back, and she wondered what he did that built him up so much. The war, she realized. Whatever he did in the war, that was the cause of this. Just as Sirius stayed fit because of dueling. She closed her eyes tightly, trying to push the thought of all of this from her mind. She was just about to stop Severus, tell him she needed to end for the night, that she wasn't in the right frame of mind, but then he nibbled lightly on her collarbone and she gasped, suddenly unable to think of anything else but him. Despite the fact that they never talked about sex or sexuality except in the most general of terms, Lydia felt there was something about how close they were, how much they did know about each other, that had made Severus especially equipped to know what she would like. Neither had shred a single piece of clothing and yet she felt as though she'd been more thoroughly taken care of by Severus than she ever was in a single session with Sirius. And there she went again, thinking of Sirius. Lydia sat back slightly, frowning. Severus seemed to notice this time that she was tense, because he pulled away, looking up at her with slightly-glazed black eyes. "Something is troubling you," he said simply, almost blankly. "Have I done something wrong?" "No," Lydia said quickly, smiling sadly, touching his cheek, which was a little bit warmer than before. "No, it's nothing like that, it's just... Is it bad of me to think of other people?" Severus frowned slightly. She wouldn't have even known that he'd tensed if she hadn't been straddling his lap, feeling his muscles tighten beneath her. "Lupin?" "No," she said, looking away. "No... Sirius." His name was almost a whisper, a choked whisper on her lips. He gave a small sigh, but he didn't seem as upset as she expected. Instead, there was a small look of pity in his eyes, and a little bit of understanding about him. "Lydia, it will take time." "How long?" she asked bitterly, turning to look at the fire. Severus sat up slightly, wrapping his arms around her. "It's been so long already, Severus. I want to stop thinking about him, but..." Severus rested his chin on her shoulder. "You spent years in his bed," he said, his voice a gentle rumble in her ear, surprisingly free of judgment. "I would be concerned if somehow you weren't thinking of him." Lydia looked at him with surprise, but he smirked slightly and said, "Not that I won't be concerned if every time we kiss you think of him, but especially at first, I've read that comparisons are natural, and he was a large part of your love life. A large part of your life. That will fade with time." Lydia blinked, looking back at the flame and thinking that she certainly hoped so. It wasn't that the memories of kissing Sirius were all bad, but when she thought about what he was, what he'd become... But then, Severus was a Death Eater as well, he'd killed people just as Sirius had done. Why was this different? She pursed her lips and leaned her head against his when the realization hit her: Sirius had betrayed the only people that mattered to Lydia. Severus had tried to save them, selfishly perhaps, and only for the sake of Lily. But that distinction didn't matter in the larger scheme of things. "Are you feeling better?" Severus asked after a long moment, in his silkiest voice. Lydia lifted her head slightly, nodding. "Good," he whispered, leaning toward her neck. "Because I'd quite like to try that again."
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer Mu-Nition, whose reviews and PMs help boost my writing eagerness and make me smile. -C Lydia, I'm having to gather my thoughts to make sure I don't leave out anything important. It's been too long since we last spoke. Just after the new year, wasn't it? Well, I was fired two weeks ago. I'm sure you can guess why. I was in a hunt for a new job, and I've had an interview. Personally, I think it went well, so cross your fingers for me. Fish are not, perhaps, my favorite thing, but a man can get desperate, and it would pay the rent. You're approaching exam season, if I remember my time as a student correctly. I'm having a hard time picturing you administering exams. Perhaps this will scare you, but I'm imagining you as that professor where every student things they can get away with cheating. But then, maybe you've gotten better about standing up for yourself. Or maybe they've gotten better at combatting that sort of thing. I'll never forget how James used to copy off my Herbology written exams. Has Professor Sprout sharpened her practices a bit? I'll give you a few tips, since you're my favorite teacher and I happen to have known well the best practices from our day on cheating. If they need to use the toilet, they're not really using the toilet. Tell them in advance that they won't be allowed to leave the room, and stick by that. Really, that was how James and Sirius would pass answers to Peter when he was too nervous to study. Since you don't have a practical, you need to keep a close eye on all quills, or bring your own, ready-Charmed by someone who's quite good. Actually, it might not hurt to confiscate all wands for the duration of the exam, just so the talented ones can't find a way to re-Charm the quills. Sirius did that once. And before you go thinking that this is a precaution for seventh years only, he was in third year. He did it because he was bored and just wanted to see if he could get away with it. I don't think he even used the quill to cheat. It was Defense; he already knew all the answers. But I'm probably scaring you, and nothing particularly intuitive is occurring to me, so if I think of more really obvious ones or you ask for more...creative ones, I'll pass them along, but otherwise I think that's enough of that. Perhaps, if I can get this job and get some hours worked out, and you're not too busy with exams and things, we could have lunch or something at some point. It's harder than it used to be, going without seeing you, now that you're all I have left. Take care of yourself. -Remus Lydia licked her lips and read the letter once more before folding it and sticking it inside the book she was reading. She would have read it again, but she was running out of time before the staff meeting, and she still had one more essay to get through. She'd gotten into the habit of saving Cassandra Barbary's essay for last of all the seventh year essays. No matter what the topic, no matter how difficult the theory, Miss Barbary always delivered surprisingly good results. Reading her work was a pleasurable way for Lydia to wind down from the stress of grading. She had already told Cassandra that she would be happy to recommend the girl for whatever job she could be a useful reference for, in the hope that Cassandra would choose something in the Arithmancy field. After a glowing set of comments and an "O" at the top of the essay, Lydia set the stack down and glanced up at the clock. She had only a little bit of time before the staff meeting, so she had to put on robes and find her shoes. They had gone mysteriously missing the night before when Severus dropped by to borrow some red ink and they ended up snogging furiously on her sofa. Her face started to flush just thinking about it, about how much more confident Severus had become in such a short space of time. It really wasn't fair that he could become skilled and confident in the space of weeks when she still felt like an awkward schoolgirl after years with one man. When she'd confessed this to Severus, he pointed out that perhaps she was simply with the wrong man. She wasn't sure how he meant that other than to rub in once more that Sirius had been a bad match. But she hadn't got the sense that he meant it as another insult to her judgment. Lydia pulled on a robe and began looking under furniture, beginning with the sofa and moving outward from there. One was under an armchair in the corner, and the other somehow managed to make it under her bed. How, she wasn't sure. She only vague recalled them sliding off her feet as she straddled him, as he ran his hands along her legs, up and down her calves, then up her thighs... Her face was flushing again and she quickly slipped the shoes on, brushing her fingers through her hair as she went to the staff room, trying to make herself look more presentable than she felt. When she arrived, most of the staff were already present, sitting in their usual spots around the room, a few empty places were Kettleburn and Sinistra usually sat, as well as a seat beside Severus on the sofa they usually occupied. His eyes met hers as she crossed the room to her seat and she could fell her face flushing all over again, his body tensing slightly as she sat beside him. How were they supposed to work together if they were so easily distracted? Or perhaps this was a problem that only affected her, as Severus seemed to be largely unfazed by her presence the way she felt with her mind lost in the night before. When the whole of the staff were gathered, Albus cleared his throat to quiet the small, soft conversation buzzing around him. "I hope you're all having very pleasant days," he said. Lydia's fingernails curled into the fabric of the sofa. "As far as general business, just a reminder that it would be a good time to start writing the final exams if you haven't begun. I know Polyxena and Lydia were probably wondering, and a few of the returning professors I know may have...had it slip their minds." Professor Kettleburn gave a soft, self-depreciating chuckle and a few other teachers smiled. "Now," Albus said cheerfully, "do any of you have anything to...inform us about? Any news or situations to bring to the general attention, or perhaps things requiring assistance?" The way he said that was different from usual, longer, more protracted, and toward the beginning the way his blue eyes had twinkled with amusement behind his half-moon spectacles at Lydia and Severus's sofa felt a little bit too knowing. Pressure was quickly taken off of Lydia as Professor Kettleburn requested the right to bring a manticore in with trained Ministry experts to show the N.E.W.T. students... From a safe distance, he said. With protective spells. Needless to say, even Albus Dumbledore wasn't lenient enough for that idea, and he said that perhaps a field trip could be arranged if necessary details were worked out, to visit a holding area where they would be better set up for that sort of thing. Given that Professor Kettleburn was down quite a few fingers and half an arm at this point of his career, Lydia would have thought he'd be a bit more careful about the lives of students, but perhaps he didn't think of those losses as significant. Pomona Sprout wanted a hand with some pruning and collection, which Severus agreed to do, to Lydia's surprise. But then she realized, when he was making a budget request for some ingredients for a potion he was having students brew, that he would be using some of the collection with Pomona for that potion, and his volunteering to be helpful was entirely selfish. More like the Severus she knew, certainly. Staff meetings had a tendency to drag on, and Lydia only paid attention to about half of the things discussed. After teachers made requests of each other and of Albus, they talked about the state of their classrooms, reported on behavioral concerns, and even discussed possibilities for improving the system of rules. Lydia hated having to speak up at meetings, but she was starting to get used to it. She went after Polyxena. "As always," Polyxena said slowly, "I recognize that it's hard for the students to feel disciplined in a class where they've changed teachers and curriculum every year without fail, but I've tried just about everything I can think of with those seventh years and it's getting to the point of absurdity." Severus lifted a single finger and the room turned attention to him immediately. The way he could command attention was just incredible. "May I make a suggestion?" Polyxena nodded. "Threaten to write to...interested parties if they cannot control themselves." "I wrote their parents already," she said, frowning. "It didn't seem to make any change at all." "Parents wouldn't," Severus said slowly. "Potential employers would." Polyxena considered this information carefully. "That's a good point," she muttered. "I think I'll try that. Well, that's all I have." Attention then turned to Lydia, who shifted slightly under the attention of all the other teachers. She then cleared her throat. "Things are going fine in the Arithmancy classes," she said slowly. "Everybody's on schedule and general understanding is up to par. The third years have a few students who are struggling to scrape by, but honestly, they're better off learning early they're not suited for the subject rather than waste years in it." She saw Minerva nodding at this, which gave her a bit of courage. "Actually, I do have a bit...a bit of a question. I've got a seventh year student who is incredibly talented, and I've tried to encourage her, but I'm really not sure what to do to convince her that she really can get a career in Arithmancy, or to arrange it for her." "Miss Barbary?" Severus asked. Lydia nodded. "Cassandra Barbary?" Minerva said, surprised. "I would never have guessed." "She's a very clever girl," Filius piped up. "Very perceptive, but yes, a bit lacking in confidence. Do you know anyone who might be willing to take someone on as a research assistant, Lydia?" "I can ask around," Lydia said, running through fellow scholars in her mind. It was so obvious, she was surprised she hadn't thought of it before. Lydia barely listened as Dumbledore wrapped up the staff meeting, her head already buzzing with people to contact who had work going that Miss Barbary might find interesting. Other professors were already filing out of the room when she realized she'd zoned out, and Severus was watching her with mild amusement. "Your mind is rather busy," he said softly, his eyes darting up to Albus, who was watching them with an obviously amused expression. "Care for some tea?" "Sorry," she sighed, "I was just thinking about researchers and I... Yes, Severus, I would love some tea. Have you got any of that earl gray left?" He stood and offered a hand to help her to her feet as Albus left the room, and he kissed her cheek when the door closed. "I've saved you some," he said, offering her a small smile. They walked down to his quarters and he put the kettle on, preparing their cups as she settled herself on a sofa, propping up her feet on an ottoman he'd put on "her side" of the sofa. Lydia found a great and unexpected comfort these days in watching him do simple tasks for the two of them, like preparing tea or stoking a fire. The mundane in their lives was a blessing, the fact that she could take it for granted meant that peace was truly going to last. "You were in thought when you arrived at the meeting," Severus said, handing her the cooled tea and sitting close to her, wrapping an arm around her waist to pull her even closer. "Care to tell me what is on your mind, or do I have to guess?" Lydia knew there was no guessing involved. He had explained his learning of the art of Legilimency, the invading of the minds of others, and how he sometimes used it when he was worried about her. Still, humoring him cost her nothing. "A letter from Remus," she said, feeling her throat grow a hint more tight at his name. Severus's grip on her waist tightened as well. "And what did he want?" "Catching up. He was fired again. He's found another job, but we'll see." Severus was either in a very good mood or his mind was preoccupied, because apart from a small tightening of his mouth, he showed no sign of opinion about Remus's new job. Lydia turned slightly to touch Severus's neck, telling him a bit more about Remus's employment, and when she'd nearly finished Severus put his finger to her lips, stopping her. So he hadn't been listening very closely after all. "Albus," he said darkly. "Ah," Lydia sighed, pulling back slightly, looking down at the floor. "He knows something." Severus snorted, brushing a bit of hair behind her ear. "Lydia, something you should assume when it comes to your personal life for your own sanity, Albus knows everything. If you then find that he doesn't know something, take it as a pleasant surprise." If it hadn't been such a disconcerting concept, Lydia might have laughed. Severus's eyes were solemn as he said it, and she briefly wondered what it was Albus knew about Severus. But the more pressing matter was what he knew about her and Severus. "There aren't rules about...co-workers..." "No," he sighed. "No, I checked before... There are no such rules, and as long as we do our jobs and behave ourselves I don't foresee any issues." Lydia couldn't imagine that there could be anything to keep her and Severus of all people from doing their jobs and behaving themselves, even in the face of their particular relationship. So they were close. As everyone already knew, they'd been close most of their lives. As long as any kissing occurred behind closed doors, there seemed no reason for anyone to know any differently. She rested her head on Severus's shoulder. "So it doesn't bother you that he seems to know?" she asked, accepting a fresh, full glass of elf-made wine as Severus slipped his arm more snuggly around her. "Of course I mind," he said derisively. "But not enough to stop kissing you." For some reason, more than anything Sirius had ever said about wanting her, that one simple thing Severus had just said made her feel incredibly touched in a way she'd never felt before. Lydia looked up at him and smiled a little, and he smiled back. She was proud that she was the only person who got to see Severus like this, vulnerable and fully himself. "Are you certain?" she said, a little more coyly than she could have imagined herself doing a year ago. Severus's smile tightened with amusement before he leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. Lydia was glad for many reasons that Dumbledore's knowledge of...however much he knew wasn't scaring Severus away. Whether it was her loneliness talking or general human need, kissing Severus felt right. They knew each other at such an instinctive level already that neither had to say a thing about how they felt about the kiss. They just melted together. Severus had become more confident in his kisses, but Lydia had surprised herself by initiating changes once in a while as well, something she'd only done with Sirius when she was trying to distract him. In that moment, for example, Lydia coaxed Severus's mouth apart. Granted, he didn't need much coaxing. The kiss did not build into a heated or passionate one, just comfortable and pleasant. But for the pair of them that was really all it needed to be. When she broke the kiss some time later, Lydia rested her head on Severus's shoulder again and said, "I'm glad." Severus seemed to have forgotten all about Albus Dumbledore's knowledge by the time they kissed goodnight, but if she had to bet, Lydia would have put all her gold on his mind still turning over the matter as she walked away. Hers was as well, and when her slightly wine-muddled mind had carried her back to her quarters, she hadn't found a way to feel any more comfortable about people knowing even a bit of what she and Severus were doing behind closed doors. She readied for bed and crawled in, staring at the ceiling. The bed still felt cold, even though she could still feel the warmth of Severus's holding her. Lydia ran her fingers along the part of her arm where his hand had been, the part of her waist where the other hand had been while they kissed. Sirius had made her body feel full of strange buzzing excitement by touching her erotic, but Lydia had felt a fairly similar feeling just by Severus touching her waist. That probably meant something, but her mind was only growing fuzzier as she felt her eyes drooping with drowsiness. As sleep came on, she rolled over, still feeling his arms searing around her and she smiled a little without bothering to ask herself why.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to the lovely reader/reviewer/bestie Missing Triforce, whose recent influx of reviews has kicked me in the butt amidst real life to get cracking again! -C Humming to herself as she organized her small mound of parcels and cards, Lydia wondered which gifts to open first, and which to open last. She'd received more than she'd expected to get again when the war had ended: gifts from Albus, Minerva, Filius, Polyxena, Poppy Pomfrey, Rolanda Hooch, Severus, and a mailed-in gift from Remus. Lydia lined up most of the parcels without any particular difficulty, but she stood holding the gifts from Severus and Remus, feeling conflicted. Should she open Severus's gift first or last? Which place was more significant, and did Severus have more significance than Remus? She knew that it didn't really matter, that no one else would ever know. But somehow it felt incredibly important to her. Lydia stared at the two parcels for a very long time before sighing, and setting Severus at the end, Remus at the beginning. She couldn't explain which was more significant, but it felt right that way. She opened the card from Remus, which said very little and said it very sweetly. Remus gave her a small gift of premium inks, and Lydia hoped he saved for that a very long time, because she didn't want to wonder how much of his salary it had cost him. Albus gave her elf-made wine. Minerva, Filius, and Polyxena gave her carefully selected books to add to her collection, including one that looked like a very possible replacement for the one she currently used for the N.E.W.T. students. Poppy seemed to recall Lydia's fondness for Potions and had given her some impressively delicate scales. Rolanda, perhaps under the assumption that Lydia still had the time to fly, had given her the latest broom-care kit. Severus's card was virtually empty. He was a man true to form, very few words to speak of. Still, he'd even hand-written "Happy Birthday," and that seemed like an awful lot from him. Lydia carefully peeled back the wrapping and opened a sturdy cardboard box. He'd carefully packed in a special edition of peach-flavored elf wine, a rare book on medieval arithmantic beliefs, and a premium package of her favorite tea. She actually laughed, pulling the tea out of the larger box, turning it over. They had spent years in their youth trying to explain to Lily that not all teas were equal. Severus appreciated tea in a way that no one else Lydia knew could understand. Thankfully, she had her birthday on a day off of work, but it was a day before true exam work began with the students. She hadn't considered that becoming a professor would mean spending the time around her birthday in a high-stress time of year for her students. But at least this first year she would be spending the day with Severus, who had insisted that she take full advantage of the day off and not wear herself out on her birthday. Lydia put away her things, went to her closet, and looked over a few dresses that she'd brought with her. It was strange to think that she'd even bothered to bring them, knowing that she wouldn't be going to the village wearing anything but robes. She pulled out a blue dress, then a red one, and she looked at them, thinking if she hadn't been with Sirius for so long she might have gotten something green. She actually smirked at her closet and thought of how pleasantly surprised Severus would be to see her in green. Perhaps she should go shopping on her next weekend off. Lydia actually laughed to herself, something she was doing more and more frequently, and she pulled out the blue dress. She liked red less and less the longer she worked at Hogwarts. It had never been a flattering color on her, but Sirius had always liked seeing her in Gryffindor colors. Ironic, considering what he had done, in the end. Perhaps green was too obvious of a reminder of his betrayal. A sharp pain stabbed inside of her chest and she took a step back from her mirror after pulling on the dress. Thinking of Sirius was awful. Lydia took a long moment to steady herself, and decided to brew a quick cup of tea before continuing to get ready to go see Severus. Time made things better, but she hadn't healed entirely. Thinking of Sirius lead to a process of getting herself calmed down again, so that she could be thinking of something else entirely before going out of her own quarters. After the tea, Lydia splashed her face and dried it off with gentle pats, thinking of the chapters she would assign the third years in the morning. She let her mind run systematically through the reading and essay assignments for the week as she did her hair and patted on a light layer of makeup. She'd gotten to Thursday when she pulled on her shoes and stuck a bottle of wine in a bag to carry discretely down to Severus's quarters in the dungeon. The stone corridors of Hogwarts stayed pleasantly cool in spring and summer, and she smiled each time she passed a window and saw sunlight shining across the smooth stone floors. A few sixth year Ravenclaw girls greeted her with smiles and "good mornings" on their way down to breakfast and hurried past. She passed a few Slytherins she didn't know as she went down toward the dungeons, and a couple of the boys gave her about the most obvious scowls they could get away with giving a professor, especially one close to their Head of House. Lydia shivered a little when she reached the bottom of the stairs, where Mary had died, and then pushed that from her mind with thoughts of the proper steps for brewing a Swelling Solution as she approached Severus's quarters. She knocked sharply, the way she'd gotten into a habit of. Severus recognized the rhythm of the knock and called for her to let herself in. Severus and Lydia spent the entire day together in his quarters. House-elves brought them meals, as instructed. They played chess on the rug by his fireplace, read books curled up in an armchair, and he read to her from Hogwarts, A History while she rested her head on his chest between lunch and dinner in his smooth, baritone voice. Seven cups of tea and three glasses of wine each later, they were curled up in the armchair again, watching the half-burned-out fire crackle in the grate. "Would you like dessert?" he murmured in her ear. Lydia's ears pricked to attention at the mention of dessert. She knew what he was up to. She'd not had any cake all day. Before she could say yes or no, he called for an elf to bring two slices of cake. "I didn't want to have them bother with a whole separate cake," he said, "since you can always get more whenever you want, and there are only two of us." "There's no need to justify the lack of a massive cake, Severus," Lydia teased, sliding her fork into the spongey cake. "It's lovely. That's what matters. Thank you." "Happy birthday," he muttered, kissing her cheek before watching her take a bite of the cake. Lydia was about halfway between her piece when she looked up and realized that Severus must have vanished his when she wasn't paying attention. His plate couldn't possibly have become so clean any other way. For a brief moment, she opened her mouth to call him out on it, but she snapped it shut when she realized he'd only asked for one to give her a sense of a party, knowing she needed it. Knowing she wouldn't have a party with her friends ever again, not with only Remus and Severus left and unable to get along. She quickly finished the cake so that he didn't have to sit there watching her eat. As soon as she'd finished, she stacked the plates and set them on the side table. Then Lydia wrapped her arms around his neck and said, "Thank you, Severus." "For cake?" he said, amused. "You already thanked me for that." "Thank you for a wonderful birthday," she said, pressing her forehead on his. "I wasn't sure I'd have those anymore." They sat there in comfortable silence for almost too long before he whispered back, "It was my pleasure." He moved so quickly to kiss her that she nearly jerked away in surprise, but she recovered, melting into the kiss and feeling his hands working around to her back to get a hold on her. The kiss wasn't long or especially passionate, just comfortable and slow. They shared a few more before she curled up on his lap again, back against his chest, feeling his breath on her neck. "Why do we never celebrate your birthday?" Lydia asked, his arms wrapping around her waist. He rested his chin on her shoulder. "It is not a practice I am accustomed to," he said. "My father was not a sentimental man and my mother was distracted. She gave me a chocolate bar when I turned eleven, and I think she intended to give me a watch when I turned seventeen, but she couldn't afford it and her parents hadn't left one for her." His thumbs shifted on her stomach, tickling her a little bit, but she fought the urge to react. "Slytherins aren't sentimental people either. We celebrate accomplishments. Survival is not an accomplishment." She pulled away slightly, turning around with swiftness and determination she didn't know she possessed and the words rolled off her tongue before she thought about them: "It is for us." His black eyes stared back at her without emotion, chillingly empty. Between their home lives and the war, somehow they had managed to survive when everyone else should have done. That's what they were, survivors, trained from their home lives to keep their heads down and keep on living. It wasn't fair, it wasn't right, but Lydia really didn't want to die, either. "Death Eaters had little time for such revelry, and celebrating anything but the Dark Lord was unwise without his permission." Severus's eyes remained blank as he continued explaining as if she hadn't said a word. "And I wasn't about to ask. Albus insists on gifting me with things, and other teachers have begun to as well, but I will not allow you to begin making a fuss over my birthday, Lydia. I don't like fuss." Lydia looked down at his too-clean plate and she knew that he wouldn't thank her for making his birthday just like hers. But she couldn't help but think that he wouldn't have been upset if Lily had tried, but Lily always had something else on her mind, and throwing a birthday party for a Slytherin would have been logistically difficult. But Lydia reminded herself that if she kept comparing how Severus thought of Lily to how he thought of her, she would always come up disappointed, just like if she compared how Severus and how Sirius regarded her, she would come up disappointed. As frustrating as it could sometimes be when Sirius couldn't see her realistically, she hadn't realized how flattering it was for a man not to see her flaws until he was gone. She grew sleepy as Severus continued to read to her from Hogwarts, A History, and she wondered if there could be a way to celebrate his birthday in the future that wouldn't lead to his being offended. But she had enough things on her mind for the coming week of classes without burdening herself at the moment, so she went to bed that night promising herself to think on it more over the summer, when she had a bit of time to think about things other than research and classes. And of course, classes became a whirlwind of trying to ensure that students got the support they needed to be able to adequately take the exams she was working on writing. The lovely thing about Arithmancy is that she didn't have to worry about practical exams as well as the written components, and didn't have to prepare the fifth and seventh year students for double testing. Most of the stress, Lydia realized, fell on her as a professor. Grading, assigning, explaining... Extra hours in her office to help students who were struggling and asked, because she didn't have the heart to turn them away... And most importantly, writing the exams. Lydia knew absolutely nothing about writing an exam, and hadn't payed much attention to the structure of exams she took in her own time at school, so she didn't want to rely too much on memory and have the easiest exams at Hogwarts. Instead of asking Severus, which seemed the obvious source of information, she decided to go with someone she knew was both firm and reasonable: Minerva McGonagall. "It's really quite simple," the veteran test-writer said with an almost infuriating smile. If Lydia hadn't known the woman wasn't patronizing her, she might have been fighting the urge to scream. "You have objectives for each class." "Yes." "And objectives from the units of each class?" "Yes." "Well, if you take those objectives, think of a few questions per unit, maybe more depending on difficulty and time constraints, that will take those objectives and force students to apply them." She said it as if it were easy. Thankfully, Minerva had taken Arithmancy in her youth, and they worked through a few possible problems for the third year exams together. After Minerva finished marveling over how efficient Lydia's mind was with the subject, they worked until Lydia was comfortable enough and then Lydia left Minerva to her own exam writing. Of course, Albus didn't halt staff meetings for anything as trivial as exam season. He seemed to believe that teachers should have plenty of time to carve out for meetings in spite of their increased workload. He didn't have much of an excuse, Lydia mused, staring at the fire, waiting for Severus to arrive. After all, Albus had taught Transfiguration before he became Headmaster. He should know full well what his staff were going through. She was jerked out of her thoughts when someone who most certainly wasn't Severus sat down beside her. "How are you enjoying your first professorial exam season?" Polyxena asked brightly. Lydia blinked up at the woman, never before realizing how long-waisted her colleague was. Severus walked in and gave Lydia a curious look that contained undertones of amusement, but Lydia simply felt trapped and put on the spot. "Ah, I'm not sure enjoying is quite the right word," Lydia said slowly, following Severus with her eyes as he sat down in an armchair across the room from her, the corners of his mouth tightening with amusement. "I remember my first season." Lydia tried to ignore the misty quality of Polyxena's voice. She hated such talks with anyone, but she felt incredibly uncomfortable, with the eyes of nearly the entire staff on her. "The very first day of practicals a second year boy was so nervous that he couldn't annunciate. He sent half his year to the hospital wing with severe burns and spontaneously sprouting feathers." Just as Lydia began to thank every higher power imaginable that she didn't have to do practicals, Professor Kettleburn hobbled in and Albus cleared his throat to call the room to order. "I recognize that you all have quite a lot to do, so this will be a brief meeting," Albus said happily, and Lydia felt a rush of relief. Granted, an hour later she was wondering where brief came in, and she felt the urge to start Summoning large objects to throw at Albus's head. Severus appeared torn between his own aggravation with the Headmaster and his obvious enjoyment at Lydia's annoyance. "Polyxena," Albus said, smiling at the woman sitting next to Lydia, "tell me about your progress." Lydia drummed her fingers on the arm of the sofa and glanced at the fireplace, letting the drone of Polyxena's voice in her ear fade in and out. If anyone on staff liked to talk, it was Polyxena, and Lydia didn't have the patience to pay attention to things that had nothing to do with her. But then she heard Albus cut in and she pulled her attention back sharply. "But Polyxena, the exams aren't that week, it's the week after." There was a beat of stunned silence as the professors all stared at Polyxena, who blinked, confused, at Albus. Then she said, "Yes, quite. I...I must be getting tired, I apologize. I'll try to get more sleep." Something about the way she said it didn't seem to satisfy Albus, but he nodded, moving on to the next order of business. Lydia looked up at Severus, who was frowning slightly at Polyxena. He turned to exchange dark looks with Lydia, and although she didn't have any way to be certain, she could almost read what he was thinking in the way his dark eyes glittered. The war was over, but war instincts didn't die easily. Lydia wasn't ready to jump to conclusions of extreme nature like the Imperius Curse, but something was definitely not quite right with Polyxena Baker. If she had more of Lily's characteristics, Lydia might have gone to see Albus and Poppy about the matter, try to determine exactly what it was. Perhaps Severus would quietly inquire. Lydia would watch quietly from afar, hoping that whatever it was turned out to be fixable, or merely unfortunate instead of tragic. She had been through enough tragic for one lifetime.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to slythernize, a recent new reader for this story. May you continue to enjoy it! I hope you all are enjoying the change of pace that Hogwarts provides. I know I'm enjoying writing something different. -C Lydia slipped into the seat across from Remus after placing their order and smiled at him. "I'm relieved you agreed to have lunch with me," she said, smiling. "It's nice to get out of my office. Exams start tomorrow, and it's a lot harder to plan for exams than anything I would have imagined." Remus was smiling, which was always a good start. Smiling meant things in his life were good enough, so he would be cheerful and take her mind off her troubles. "I'm sure it's not so bad as you think," he said, setting down his butterbeer. "You have a good instinct for academic things. And you didn't have to do seven years worth, just five." Lydia shook her head. That was what Severus said as well, but she didn't think it made that much of a difference. Exhaustion was exhaustion, plain and simple. "Steak for you, Remus," Madam Rosmerta said, cutting into their conversation. "And your club sandwich, Lydia." "Thank you, Rosmerta," they chorused, shifting their plates as the barmaid sashayed away. Conversation gave way to clinking silverware on china, and Lydia focused on her sandwich to keep from looking at Remus's rather bloody steak. It did make her a bit uncomfortable to watch him eat such things, but she'd gotten so practiced at ignoring it that she hardly even had to think about looking away. When the food was gone, Lydia swirled the wine in her glass and watched Remus take a long drink of butterbeer. "It must be nice for you," he finally said. "You get to work in a place with happy memories, and with an old friend." Lydia stiffened slightly, her hand tightening around the stem of her glass as she thought of Severus's tongue on her neck the night before, when saying goodnight turned into a much longer event than she'd anticipated. "I suppose," she said with a shrug. She didn't want to be too dismissive, because she knew how badly Remus wanted to have her job. Well, Polyxena's job. But still. On the other hand, she didn't want to be too cheery about it, because for all she knew that would be worse. "Do you have any plans for the summer?" "I'm not in school anymore, remember?" he said, smiling sadly. "Summer is just like any other season for me. But are you doing anything in particular with your time away from Hogwarts." "Oh, writing, I expect." Remus proceeded to interrogate her on the research she had on hand, how she was progressing with it, where she thought it might go. Severus's understanding of her work was superior, but she liked to see the way Remus's eyes lit up when she began to talk excitedly about her work. Sirius's eyes used to do that as well, but Remus's eyes were more beautiful to begin with. Something about being with Remus refreshed her, renewed her, and when their drinks were gone they stayed for another hour and a half just talking, reminiscing, recalling happy times at Hogsmeade with Lily and James and Peter, each careful not to mention Sirius, although awkward and obvious gaps appeared in the conversation where his name should have been. They were getting better at covering or ignoring those moments. Perhaps time really would heal everything. But how much time? "Well, we have work in the morning," he finally said, "and I think you could do with a bit of rest. You seem a bit stressed." "I'll be fine," Lydia laughed, but she stood with him, put some gold on the table for the busboy, and followed Remus out into the evening air. After all, she was meant to meet with Severus in a while, and she would likely be late as it was. "Beautiful evening." Lydia nodded. The sun was dipping below the treeline, and the trees were shockingly green during the day this time of year. In the evening, they were glowing and soft, like a dark velvety fabric to be touched and savored. "I wish I could enjoy nights like this more often," Remus said, his voice getting only slightly bitter. "Nights hold a lot of negative memories for me." "Positive ones too," she whispered into the night. "Not enough," he said sadly. "The war was fought mostly at night. I lost Lily and James and Peter in the middle of the night. Artemis. Mary." He paused and they stood there as the air grew heavier. "I thought I'd lost you when I heard the news. I..." Lydia sucked in a quick, deep breath, wondering what Remus was going to say. She didn't know what she would have said, if she could have found her voice. None of the words that crossed her mind seemed quite right. Finally, she turned to look at him, and was startled to find him not looking at the treeline, but right at her. She had only a brief moment to be flattered before he leaned in, kissed her, and stepped back from the kiss entirely too quickly. He said something, but she wasn't sure what it was until he had Disapparated, leaving her standing alone. He'd told her to have a nice night. Lydia stared where he'd disappeared, pressing her lips together, stunned that he'd kissed her after so long...after... She heard an owl in the distance and realized it was getting darker. She hurried toward the castle, knowing that she would only get later for meeting with Severus the longer she stood there. All the way back to Hogwarts, Lydia replayed that single, delicious moment in her mind, wondering what he meant by it, wondering if she could find an excuse to see him during the exam period. Lydia knocked on the door the Severus's quarters, and heard his baritone rumble of a voice telling her to enter. He looked up at her with an impassive face as she did as bid, crossing to sit beside him, but when she did sit she could see he was tense, agitated, anxious. "What's wrong?" she asked, touching his shoulder. "Nothing." "You're lying." Severus looked at her levelly for a long, almost-uncomfortable moment before he said, "You're very late." "I'm sorry." "I went by your quarters, the staff room..." Just the tiniest hint of it in his voice, but there it was. He'd been afraid. Lydia didn't know what she would have done if Severus had been anyone else in that moment. Lydia was used to being the one afraid, the one to be comforted, the one watching everyone else be brave. And Severus, sitting there, his voice barely containing all his conflicting emotions, was used to being strong, to being brave, to being unshakable and watching others be stirred toward the many possible things brought on with turmoil and chaos. He always knew what to do, and she was always lost. Lydia felt vaguely guilty that she pinpointed his moment of weakness, but she also wondered how she could possibly help him. The war was over, there was no need to constantly expect the worst, but it was a mental tic she knew all too well. How could she blame him for something that she, too, suffered? "I went out for lunch and lost track of time," she said honestly, touching his chin. "I'm sorry I wasn't more punctual. I'll try to be more thoughtful." Severus pulled away gently from her touch and frowned at her. He realized she'd been with Remus, and she could sense him probing at her mind as their eyes met. He was being careless. Actual visions of her day with Remus were swimming forward in her mind. Severus was more concerned than she'd expected, searching, searching for something... And he saw the kiss and turned away abruptly, staring intently at the fireplace. Lydia gripped at the arm of the sofa as the image of the kiss dissipated. Severus's tirade about her foolishness was bound to follow. She braced herself for the typical speech about how pointless and childish her infatuation was. But the words did not come. Severus stared at the fireplace for a long time before he asked her if she would like a glass of wine. Lydia agreed to the wine, watching him pour a measured glass, taking it with a slightly shaking hand. Severus's lack of judgmental behavior either meant that he was worried about her, or he was in some way trying to protect himself, and she didn't feel comfortable asking him about either possibility. She couldn't decide which terrified her more. Of course she wanted Remus, but... As soon as Lydia finished her glass of wine, she watched Severus put down his, waited for the glass to be steady on the table before she touched his chin again, turning his head gently so that he was looking at her. If she were Lily, she would ask him what was on his mind. She would confront him on his behavior, ask him what was bothering him, try to move forward with questions like that. If she were Lily, she would be brave and bold enough to do something like that, to question Severus. As it was, Lydia was a coward. She moved a little bit closer to him, vaguely thinking that he had surprisingly thick eyelashes before she pressed her lips to his. Severus didn't respond right away, letting her linger. She almost pulled away when he wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her closer, responding to the kiss with sudden vigor and surprising desperation. Lydia melted into the kiss, feeling strangely relieved as he kissed her back, as his lips traced from her mouth down to her throat. Severus had become increasingly confident the longer they continued their liaison. He would never have the natural sexual arrogance of Sirius, but in a way, Lydia enjoyed this about Severus. If she wanted something, she felt she could ask. If she ever felt she wanted Severus to stop, she had the instinctive feeling that she could comfortably say so, and he wouldn't try to change her mind. She was the one with the experience, the expertise, and in a way that gave her a sort of power she didn't mind having a little bit of. They were...equal. Or, more equal than she could ever have been with Sirius. Severus and Lydia spent hours snogging like teenagers, tasting wine on each other's tongues, exploring the skin their outfits already left exposed. Severus even traced his fingers over her covered breasts. By the time they said goodnight, after a few extra kisses, Lydia felt pleasantly and satisfactorily exhausted, ready for a good night's sleep. Come morning, she would begin exams. Her first set of exams as a teacher rather than student, the first proper test of her ability to teach. What if she did poorly, what if the fifth and seventh years weren't actually where they needed to be for the O.W.L.s? Lydia pushed the thought from her mind as she walked back to her quarters. The wine left a pleasant, fuzzy feeling in her mind, a sensation of calm stillness that warmed her as she readied haphazardly for bed. As she closed her eyes, she thought of warm, strong kisses, and the figure kissing her morphed aimlessly between Severus and Remus, back to Severus, back to Remus. Where it settled as she felt into the darkness of sleep, she couldn't have been sure, even if her mind had been just a little bit sharper. Instead, she surrendered to the emotional feeling attached to the kiss itself, enjoying the vague ideas of kissing either man. The following morning at breakfast, Albus approached Lydia and Minerva, who were both silent for a change, Lydia at least lost in thought of all the charms she had to do before administering her exams to avoid any sort of cheating. She'd compiled a list on the suggestions of Severus and Remus, and had gone over it while dressing that morning. "I have something to ask of you both," Albus said, voice low. He slipped a piece of parchment in front of each of them and said, "I need you to administer a few extra exams during the next couple of weeks." Lydia frowned. Administer extra exams? She wasn't sure she'd manage the three she was responsible for, much less the nerves of watching her other two classes being led off for standardized examination. "What's wrong, Albus?" Minvera asked, touching the sealed parchment in front of her with a slightly trembling hand. Albus glanced at the nearest students, who were too busy thumbing through notes to pay their professors any mind. "Polyxena has had to leave us on short notice," he said in a very low voice. "I have enclosed full details in those letters. Her exams are fully constructed, they simply need to be administered. I trust Minvera, you can handle practical portions, and you can manage the written exams?" The panic that had been building in Lydia when he explained what was being asked of her subsided slightly when she learned she would only be handing out written tests. More of what she was doing with her own classes, although Polyxena's would have more students. At least the practice would be useful, in the long run. Both women agreed to what they were being asked as breakfast came to a close, and Lydia scooped up the letter, hurrying off to her classroom to test her sixth year students. "Settle in," she said, setting the parchment on her desk, letting the students spread themselves across the desks she'd left out for them. She'd placed them far enough apart that even those with especially good eyesight shouldn't be tempted to look on to another's paper. She took a deep breath, hoping her charms were done well as they pulled out quills and she distributed their parchment upside down. "When I say," she said, sitting down in her desk, "you will have until the lunch bell to finish. If you do finish early and have no further adjustments to make, bring your paper up to me and you will be allowed to leave. If you are not finished by the time the lunch bell sounds, I will summon your exam and you will not be allowed to answer further, so keep an eye on your time." She licked her lips, glancing at the clock, then back out at her students. "Begin." They all turned over their exams with excitement and anxiety, the way she remembered doing at their age. Lydia watched them settle in and she opened Dumbledore's letter, unfolding the parchment and sighing. Lydia, Unfortunately, we have determined that Polyxena is suffering from long-term curse damage from when she was a child, during a different wizarding conflict, on the continent. I am not authorized to discuss the details, but it will only continue to worsen now that it has taken hold, and she will not be able to continue to teach. She is seeking medical treatment. Thank you for taking on some of her exams. I have rearranged the schedule so that you have her written exams during your time off of your own exams. I apologize for this extra burden during your first year, but I doubt very much that it will happen again, and I assure you that the work ends when the exams have finished being administered. I shall grade the exams. Also, Lydia, if there is anything additional you require of me during this difficult season, please do not hesitate to ask. -Albus She sighed, turning the paper over and reading her revised exam schedule, and noting that he'd moved the defense written exams to her classroom to ease this shift on her. It was nice, but Lydia couldn't help but feel that he was trying to get her to take him up on that offer of help, like she might owe him something if she did. And she had a sneaking suspicion that whatever he would ask her once she felt obligated would have something to do with the nature of her relationship with Severus, and those were questions she didn't want to answer. There was no turning down the extra work, not that she would have wanted to. Lydia could understand the value of extra experience. But she didn't have to ask Albus Dumbledore for help when there were so many teachers at her disposal. Their help would have no strings attached. At least, no strings that would make her uncomfortable. Lydia managed her own exams with ease, and although she knew only a tiny fraction of Polyxena's students, she felt that she dealt with them just fine. They were almost entirely exhausted into submission by their other courses, and Lydia didn't have to remind them of the importance of compliance. Or maybe she was better at teaching than she thought. Severus, in spite of all the hell he put his students through, looked remarkably well-rested, and Lydia felt like an increasing wreck. By the end of the exam stretch, Lydia stared at her window, thinking of Polyxena, the curse on the job, and the fact that Severus had his eye on it. She knew he would apply for the opening, but she closed her eyes and wished with all her heart he wouldn't get it. This might have made her a terrible friend, maybe even worse than that, but she couldn't care. Even if the curse was just bad luck, Lydia didn't want to take chances. Not when she was almost happy.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader, northstar1970. I hope you're all enjoying this as Lydia goes into her first summer break as a teacher! Let's see how she and Severus are getting on without classes on the brain, shall we? -C Lydia took the glass Severus had poured her, and she took a long, healthy sip of wine. She liked that he'd come over for dinner, but she could see in his eyes something of the exhaustion she had expected him to have earlier, during exam season. He admitted to her as they ate that he felt the effects during the summer, and needed the time to recuperate. Which told Lydia quite plainly that Severus was utilizing restorative potions to keep himself fresh during exams, and reaping the pain later. It wasn't exactly dangerous, but it put him through hell during the summer and she didn't like that. She could see him becoming increasingly agitated, upset, and even depressed, and it frightened her a little bit sometimes. When he first arrived for dinner, she almost mistook him for his father, the way his eyes looked. And she could tell from the way his face went emotionless that he'd realized what had gone through her mind at the sight of him. Finally, when her plate was half gone and she couldn't manage to make herself eat any more, couldn't make herself look at him, Severus said in a low, dark voice, "I'm fine, Lydia." "Don't lie to me. Please." As far as she could tell, Severus had never lied to her, and she didn't want him to start over something like this. His health and safety was important to her, but she didn't know how to express that in a way that wasn't too sentimental for his taste. He gave her a bit of a scowl when she finally did look up at him, though, and she couldn't hold it in anymore. "Severus, I want you to take care of yourself," she said, almost pleadingly. If she had been analyzing her tone of voice she would have cringed at how pathetic it sounded. "I know you can handle a lot and I know you know your limits. You're more resilient than anyone else I know. But you're all I have left in the world and-" "Who's lying now, Lydia?" he said coldly. His voice cut at her swiftly and she suddenly realized what it was that was wrong between them. "Honestly?" she said with a breathy, bitter laugh. "You're upset with me, you're ruining your own health, because I've been having meals on occasion with Remus?" Severus said nothing, his black eyes staring at her hollowly, in a way that was so reminiscent to his father that Lydia felt something in her chest close up in momentary terror. Was this how Eileen Snape felt before Tobias went on drunken rages? Was this how Lydia's mother felt when she said something she'd meant to keep in her head? The feeling had fled as quickly as it came and Severus stood, crossing the room and looking down at the street below, frowning at cars. She half expected him to make some sort of cruel remark about the Muggle neighborhood, but he was still living at Spinner's End, so he really didn't have a leg to stand on. "My health is satisfactory," Severus said, sneering at the window. She could see the curl of his lips reflecting on the window pane as she gripped the stem of her wine glass. "I will be recovered by the time we have to return to Hogwarts. There is nothing permanent about my condition, and you know that." "Did you push yourself this hard last year?" Lydia said. Severus said nothing, his sneer only wavering enough that she could see it. Anyone else would have thought him unmoved. "Is this because of me, or because of Lily? Or the open position, perhaps? Has Albus said yet who he's hiring for the new position?" Severus said nothing once more, still looking out the window. "I can smell him on you," he finally said, turning around to look at her with his large, glittering black eyes. "When you spent a day with him last month and then met with me, I could smell him." Lydia had a sudden feeling that she'd had gone back in time, standing before Sirius after visiting Severus, worried he would smell potions ingredients and know she'd been to see Severus. What was Severus smelling? Remus smelled of books and parchment, chocolate, delicate smells compared with other men she'd been around. How was it possible for Severus to smell such things? But he was a Potions Master. And he could distinguish all sorts of scents, and Lydia looked down at her wine glass feeling slightly guilty. No, she and Severus weren't dating, but there was something low about her not separating the two instances, or at least being open and honest with him. Was it too much to ask of her to tell him that she'd been at lunch with Remus, even if she didn't say that Remus had kissed her? That hardly seemed a necessary disclosure. "You're right," she said softly, trying to avoid the urge to stare at her wine instead of looking Severus in the eye. There was no need to make things worse because she was squeamish. "You're absolutely right, and I should have said." She knew Severus well enough to know that he wasn't being jealous. He knew from the beginning that she was in love with Remus, and that she wasn't going to give up trying to convince Remus in whatever way she could find that they should be together. There were no illusions of exclusivity on his part. But Severus was in love with a memory, one that didn't leave scents and didn't write letters and didn't go out for lunch with him. Lydia was in love with a living, breathing man. She was everything Severus had left. And Remus was a constant reminder to Severus that in some ways, at least as a potentiality, she didn't need him as much as he needed her. And when he left that night with only a brief kiss of parting, Lydia felt a bit empty inside. The feeling hadn't entirely faded as she went to the Leaky Cauldron three days later, putting a bit of sugar into her tea and wondering what tea tasted like with lemon. People drank it that way all the time. Maybe it was nice. Before she had enough time to actually decide to try it, Remus slipped into the seat beside her, shaking a bit of rainwater off his jacket. "Sorry," he said softly, not looking at her, but at her tea as he pulled off his threadbare hat. "Got held up." Lydia smiled just at the knowledge of his presence, and she said, "I've gotten you a tea. It's nice and hot, of course. What do you think about lemon?" Remus looked up at her, startled. "Lemon?" "Yes, in tea. You know, lemon." "Why, did you put lemon in it?" "Don't be silly, I know how you take your tea. I was just wondering what it tastes like. People do it." He was looking at her with astonishment, mouthing without speaking, and finally he said, "Yes, I suppose some people do." Remus began to sip his tea, and Lydia watched him, noticing that his facial hair was growing a bit longer, that the bags under his eyes seemed to be expanding on his face, and that there must be a hole in his hat because he had a few damp patches on his hair. "Why did you not just Floo straight here?" she asked. It seemed silly of him to walk through the alley on such a wet day. He did not look at her, setting down his cup for a moment, glancing over at the grate before saying, "Out of powder," and returning to his tea. Lydia got a very horrible sense that he'd been laid off again, but she wasn't sure how to bring the conversation back around to that, or if she even should. Depending on how recent it had been, and the circumstances, it would be painful to discuss. Strangely, however, he took a deep breath halfway through his tea and explained that the man employing him had passed away, and his heirs had carved up the assets and didn't want to employ him anymore, so he was given severance pay and he was still looking for work. At least it wasn't something to do with his condition, so Lydia thought perhaps this time she could take some advantage of the situation, use it to prove that she could be supportive of him, that she wasn't bothered by misfortune. "Would you like me to make some inquiries?" she said, trying to reach for his hand. She wasn't especially startled when Remus jerked his hand out of her reach. After all, he was upset. He behaved that way instinctively when he was upset. She didn't take it personally. "No, I'd rather you didn't," he said, before draining the rest of his tea. "Do you have somewhere to stay?" "I've enough to pay rent," he said. "Don't worry about me, Lydia." How could she not? Lydia worried about Remus nearly every time she thought about him, and here he was telling her that he was once again out of work. A dozen different things to say ran through her head, but she bit all of them back, worried he might snap out of misguided shame. Didn't he know by now that Lydia wasn't judging him? Didn't he know by now that nothing about his condition would scare her away? She forced herself to be patient, calm, and she fought the urge to reach for his hand once more. Instead, she licked her lips and pulled her tea toward herself, all thoughts of lemon gone. Remus was the furthest possible thing from talkative as she finished her tea. When they sat there, he said, "I suspect you've got things to do." "No, no, nothing," Lydia said, and it was only a little bit of a lie. She did have lesson plans to alter as she had a little bit more teaching experience to guide her curriculum. But that could wait. Remus would only have so much free time. "Please, let's-" "Lydia, I have things to do," Remus said, almost as coldly as Severus had spoken to her a few days before. "I have a job to find." "Oh," she said, feeling more than a little put out. "Right, well, I suppose that makes sense. Do you have any prospects, or-" "Lydia," he said, sighing heavily, and she could feel her chest constricting slightly, although her mind was stubbornly refusing to process why she felt this way. "Lydia, I'm sorry, but I just..." She shook her head, but her brain's stubborn lack of processing continued. Remus looked up at her, his amber eyes glistening like an animal's in the moonlight and for the first time it really struck her that he was a werewolf, and not only what that meant, but what it meant to him. This realization, this sudden moment of understanding caused her physical pain, but she felt she loved him even more. And perhaps that was where the physical pain was coming from. Because in that moment she unknowingly reached for his hand once more, and before she could touch him he stood abruptly, shaking his head back at her. He pulled on his hand and coat and walked back out into the wet, gloomy afternoon, leaving Lydia to realize that once again, he refused her love. And unlike all the times before she felt she truly understood him, and yet she still couldn't really understand why. A week later, sitting in front of the desk in her flat, she couldn't get the feel of that pain to go away. It was a dull ache, something torturing her, and she could still see him in her mind's eye. Nothing seemed to drive it away completely, but there was a certain sort of comfort from the tedium of working on adjusting lesson plans. She had the exam results in front of her, the notes she'd made all year on essays and assignments from the various grade levels. Lesson plans, Minerva McGonagall had explained, would shift for the first few years as Lydia got a handle on what was actually normal for her students, and then would solidify and only change if there was some major breakthrough in the field that impacted the material they taught in the classroom. Lydia asked how often that happened. "In most subjects? Once every several decades." Her lips had then twitched. "Although your predecessor loved to complain that since his star pupil had taken up research he was changing lesson plans several times a year to accommodate the research shifts." Sitting there, dealing with her own arduous lesson plans, Lydia regretted having put her former professor through such a terrible task so frequently. But perhaps it wouldn't be so bad with more practice. It was an overly-optimistic thought, but Lydia would have told herself anything to keep from crying by the time she got to four in the morning and still hadn't finished the first term of third year's plans. Severus wrote several letters, but he did not visit her while she was working on the lesson plans. Perhaps he was busy with his own work. Lydia knew it had everything to do with their fight about Remus, but she also knew Severus well enough that by the time they got back to Hogwarts they would find some way to resolve it and go on as before. Perhaps they wouldn't find a good way or a healthy way to resolve it, but she hardly cared about that, and neither did he. When all they had was each other, what point was there in wasting time resolving things the right way? It was easier to just let it go and move on. But not yet. He wasn't ready to let go and move on yet, or he would have shown up at her door and asked for tea like nothing had happened. Lydia finished the lesson plans for the third years and rubbed her eyes on the night she finished them, looking out at the night sky. She could take the initiative, go to Spinner's End, tell him she was sorry. Was she? Better not to accidentally lie, since she didn't know. Lying to Severus wasn't the same as omitting the truth, and on such a sensitive issue she would not risk the similarities. She could not go to him. Two days later, she finished the adjustments to the fourth year curriculum, although she nearly drank herself out of tea trying to do it. And still, Severus did not come. Lydia told herself that he would come soon enough, or that perhaps she would feel sorry enough to go to him first. She finished the fifth year much more quickly, because almost the entire year was focused on preparing students for O.W.L.s, and the curriculum for exam years all but wrote itself. Still, by the time she finished it, she thought there was no feasible way for her to tackle the sixth and seventh year material in her lifetime. So much had to be revised and reworked. She had underestimated the N.E.W.T. level students before. Not again. Lydia spent almost a week on the sixth year curriculum, putting herself through several sleepless nights. She knew they could handle more than she'd given them, but how much more? And was putting in so much of her own work simply a way of flattering her own ego, or was it actually necessary to their education? She wanted to ask Severus, but she couldn't bring herself to write him about it, and even if she'd thought Remus could give her the answers she was too humiliated to reach out. So Lydia pressed on, eating as much as she could, drinking as much tea as she dared, and sleeping as little as she could get away with. Finally, she did manage to finish the sixth year curriculum and felt slightly ashamed that she had to put so much of her own work into it, but they did need to be prepared for the N.E.W.T.s, and from discussions she had with the examiners, her work now featured heavily on the exam. Embarrassingly. But as she had been told by Severus when she discovered this disconcerting reality, if she continued to do ground-breaking research, she would continue to have her work become more and more of a cornerstone of the arthimetic learning. Lydia just wished that she didn't have to teach her own work. It was more difficult than teaching someone else's work, because she hadn't had to learn it like someone else did. She developed it, and the process is a very different matter. Lydia felt as though she would not be able to continue, but she reached the end of the sixth year curriculum and turned to the final year's curriculum. Other than the review sessions during the final term, Lydia had to start completely from the beginning where this was concerned, focusing her energy on more of her own work and some more modern theorems that had slipped her mind when writing up her original plans. When she finally finished her work, Lydia looked at the sheafs of parchment in front of her and felt slightly sick to her stomach. Responsibility. She realized this was what it was about teaching that made her feel so unsuited. Lydia had never wanted a job or life of any kind that required responsibility. Her greatest fear was to let down the people she cared about, and she'd already done more of that in her lifetime than she thought she could handle. But there wasn't anywhere to hide.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to LilyHellsing, whose PMs have prompted a slightly quicker pace on this story while I get used to my new job as a substitute teacher (cringe). Hard work, I'm telling you. Anyway, hope you guys enjoy! -C Lydia was just making some midday tea, settling into her strangely lonely existence that she associated with summer when there was a knock at the door. She barely noticed her pulse quickening, trying to decide if she wanted it to be Remus or Severus more. In a way, she knew before she opened the door that it could be neither of them. Instead, Albus Dumbledore smiled down at her with a twinkle behind his half-moon spectacles. She smiled as best she could with her mild disappointment, inviting him in and offering him a cup of tea. "Thank you, my dear," he said, sitting down, waiting for her to set the cup before him and sit down across the table from him before saying anything about why he had come. "The book list," he said, "will be sent out next week. Have you chosen your books?" "Ah, yes," she said. "Sorry, I was going to send it out tomorrow. I thought we had until Friday to send you the materials we wanted to require?" Albus smiled his most innocent smile and she knew he was about to tell her an untruth in order to cover his tracks slightly. "Yes," he said after a sip of tea. "But I was in the neighborhood and thought I would see if you were ready yet." Lydia half wanted to ask what he was really there for, but she knew he would tell her sooner or later, and whatever it was couldn't be bad news or he would already have mentioned it. "We've hired the new Defense teacher," he said halfway through his cup of tea, and Lydia nodded, realizing at last his purpose in dropping by. "Someone I know?" Her voice was very obviously forced casual, but Albus's expression showed no signs of noticing this as he shook his head and said, "No, I don't believe you're acquainted. Theia Engberg. A delightful, elderly woman. She did some fieldwork and research in France and Germany, but she's never taught before." Lydia nodded again, realizing that Severus was probably upset at once again being denied the job he wanted so badly. She could imagine that he was withdrawn and dejected in some way without someone to draw him out of himself. For a brief moment, she wanted to go straight to Spinner's End, but without resolving their fight, she didn't know how he would receive her. If he'd been drinking, poorly. "Have you seen Severus at all this summer?" Albus asked merrily, setting down an empty teacup. Lydia clasped her hands together under the table to keep from showing her annoyance and frustration. "You two were quite close last year. Inseparable, in fact." "Hardly," Lydia said, trying to smile ironically. "But no, we've both been very busy." So busy that there were not even exchanged letters, she thought bitterly, but it would not last. She and Severus could never go too long without speaking, and she would see him when the school year began. A whole year together to sort things out again. Apologies weren't likely, but the thought never even occurred to her. "That is a shame," he said, tapping his thin, long fingers on the table merrily. "No problems I hope." "Albus," Lydia began, unsure how she meant to continue. But he held up a hand and smiled. "Never you mind, my dear. I was hoping you could have a word with him, remind him what a vital part of staff he is. But if you're too busy, I'm sure it will all be fine." Perhaps Lydia wasn't the only person who knew, who understood just how much Severus needed Lydia. He needed that last tie to Lily, that last thing to keep moving for, so he didn't feel the full measure of his own guilt and responsibility. Lydia had seen, in quiet moments when he didn't know she could see, that Severus needed her. "I'm sure," she said softly. "I'll just get you that list now." As soon as she left the room, Lydia felt a vague sense of relief, not having to smile at Albus. Of course he already knew they were having problems, perhaps had even guessed at the fight, maybe even what they'd fought about. But she wasn't about to spill out her heart and soul to Albus Dumbledore. He'd already seen her on one of the worst days of her life. She didn't want him to look at her and see a vulnerable little girl. She'd already cried too many tears in front of him. Taking a few deep breaths to compose herself, she returned to the kitchen, where Albus was sitting smiling, twiddling his thumbs. "Thank you, Lydia," he said, taking the list, but not rising. "You know, I know it may have been difficult for you, being at Hogwarts after such loss." She could almost picture the very spot on the stairs where Mary's blood had dripped from her toes to the stone floor. Her stomach turned. "It was nothing, Albus," she said softly. "Was there anything else you needed?" Mercifully, he did stand, and he took his leave of her with generic, friendly words of parting and expectation. When she was alone again, Lydia fully realized what August meant: soon she would return to Hogwarts, soon she would be face to face with work and familiar faces and architecture and memories, and most importantly with Severus. And she still had no idea what that would be like. But she hoped very much that things would turn out alright like they always did. It's just that Lydia knew that every situation had a breaking point, every person could be pushed too far. And she didn't want to think about what change would look like if it meant she and Severus couldn't be friends anymore. She half-hoped, half-dreaded to see him when she did her final shopping at Diagon Alley before she would move back in at the school. Still, as she walked through the familiar streets, brightening day by day to their pre-war glory, she couldn't help but feel a little bit empty. Once in her life there was so much joy involved in Diagon Alley every year, ice cream with Lily and Artemis, new books and potions ingredients… She still got the books, and the other materials necessary for both teaching and writing, but she passed the ice cream shop without looking at it. As Lydia considered which quills she wanted, and how many she should get now – because she could always order more later – an unfamiliar voice said her name. A kindly, elderly woman with a face wrinkled in all the places affected by large smiles was looking at her. "Yes?" Lydia asked, frowning, confused. "Do I know you?" "Oh, I don't think so," the woman said, moving a bit closer. She moved slowly, but fluidly. "I'm glad I recognized you. I'm Theia Engberg." "Oh," Lydia said, smiling a little, recognizing the name Albus Dumbledore had given her. "Oh, yes, the new Defense teacher. It's a pleasure to meet you." Granted, Lydia thought the woman looked far too old to teach such a physically involved class, but Albus Dumbledore was painfully old himself, and he seemed to do just fine with his various strenuous duties and activities. Still, there was something odd in the fact that the woman knew her face. She'd certainly never met her, and she couldn't think of anything she'd published with her picture in it. "You as well," Theia said, grasping one of Lydia's hands warmly between both of her own. "My goodness, it is good to be going back to Hogwarts after so many years. So many memories." Lydia's smile tightened at the mention of memories, and she glanced back at the quills, thinking she'd go with a set of eagle feather. It usually worked out fine that way. She picked up a package with her free hand and set it in her basket. "You're doing your school shopping?" Theia asked, still looking at Lydia with a nostalgia-filled warmth. "I am as well. Moving in at the school tomorrow. I hope they've put me somewhere on the lower floors. I take more time getting from A to B than I used to." I'll bet, Lydia thought, partially amused, partially annoyed with the eager way this woman was watching her. "I'm sure Albus took that into account," Lydia said as kindly as she could. "You know, there was an unused office and quarters on the second floor if I remember right. Anyway, I've got more shopping to do, so I will see you tomorrow." "Of course, dear," Theia said, almost like an indulgent old aunt. "You have a safe trip." Lydia watched as the woman moved slowly out of the shop with her purchases. Lydia felt a little uncomfortable, like she'd been rude to someone very important, as the woman perhaps was, but then thinking about her behavior she hadn't exactly been rude. She attributed it to the strange mood she'd been in since she last saw Severus, and she gathered up a selection of parchment and proceeded to checkout. On the way back out of the alley, Lydia wasn't really focusing on where she was going, and she found herself staring at the ice cream shop. Florian Fortescue had always been a kindly man, brilliant with children and parents alike, could make any flavor you could dream up. In and around the shop, Lydia could see faces both familiar and unfamiliar, men and women who weren't much older than her, some familiar from her days of Hogwarts, many accompanied with small children. She knew that many people had gone on with their lives during the war, like Lily and James. With no end in sight, elopements and shotgun weddings had skyrocketed, and the number of children Lydia looked at seemed fitting, considering that. Had she missed out on something? Obviously she was relieved she never gave in and had a family life with Sirius Black of all people. She considered herself lucky in that respect. But if she married Remus, she could never have children. Would she regret that? Was he right that she should live the life her peers were living? Strangely, as Lydia watched parent's wiping melted ice cream off the chins of their children, watched a young boy tease his baby brother, she felt no maternal rush or instinct. Shouldn't she feel something, or was it usually only with children they knew or shared some experience with where that instinct came through? She turned away and moved quickly past the shop. Perhaps she was still young, but she didn't feel young enough to start that sort of life. Whether or not she ever would regret it, she didn't regret it now, and she considered it too late. She had only made so many decisions in her life. She had to stick to the ones she had made. She had to have that much. Lydia spent the night finishing her packing, wishing she'd done it the night before, as always. But she'd had a long night of work, lost track of time while hammering out a new theory to test over the course of the school year. Lydia tried to refocus herself, get her mind out of the gloom it had been in and into the cheerful, supportive teaching role she was about to undertake. At least she would have something to keep her mind in while she waited for things to work out with Severus, however they were going to work out. She fell asleep that night with a familiar feeling in her chest that she ignored, a tightness she thought had gone with the war. She didn't want to recognize the fear, because if she had she wouldn't have slept at all. Early in the morning, Lydia gave herself enough time to shower, dress, and have a spot of breakfast before she gathered her things and Apparated to the edges of Hogsmeade. It was hard to Apparate with luggage, but she hadn't gotten enough sleep to chance the Knight Bus. She took her things up to the gates of the castle, where she met Argus Filch, who took her things and followed her across the grounds to the castle itself. "Oh, Lydia," Minerva said, smiling, "it is good to see you. You left coming back for almost the very last minute." In truth, Lydia had strongly considered taking the train with the students, avoiding what she felt was the unavoidable confrontation just a little bit longer. But that was cowardly, and even if she had to remind herself that she was supposed to be a Gryffindor, she wasn't about to be a coward, not where Severus was concerned. She met his eyes as he crossed from the Great Hall to the staircase down to the dungeons, only for a brief moment as she stood in the doorway. His black eyes flicked away too quickly, pretending he hadn't seen her, perhaps for Minerva's benefit. "Yes, thank you," Lydia said, trying not to frown. "Excuse me, it was a bit of a walk from the village. I…I think I'll settle into my quarters." "I hope you'll join us for lunch." "Yes, thank you," she mumbled, repeating herself absently. She climbed the marble staircase with Severus's eyes in her mind. He was obviously still upset with her. When she came to the second floor, however, she heard her name. Theia Engberg had spotted her again, and the kindly woman waved her over. "Care for a spot of tea, dear?" Lydia almost laughed. She had never known her grandparents, but this was the sort of thing she always imagined a grandparent would say to her, before cramming her full of sweets. "Oh, go on then," Lydia said, relenting. There was no point trying to work things out with Severus now, and going to her quarters meant staring at a ceiling. Theia poured the tea, and the two women sat waiting as the steam rose off their cups. Lydia raised her eyebrows. "You wait too?" Theia asked. "I always hate burning my tongue, don't you? Makes the whole day less enjoyable." "My friends always used to tease me," Lydia said, stirring in a bit of sugar as Theia offered her a plate of biscuits. "Albus told me you lost most of your friends in the war," Theia said sadly. "It is hard, losing so much so young." Lydia shrugged and looked down at her tea, able to see very clearly in her mind's eye the image of her mother's stunned expression and glassy eyes, frozen in place. At least she didn't have to live with the memory of Lily and James's faces like that. "I have Severus," Lydia said with a smile. "And Remus, another friend from school." Theia nodded and said, "Well, Lydia, dear, when you're my age, most of your friends and family have gone on before you anyway, so you and I are much in the same boat. I've known Albus for years. We lost touch for a couple of decades while I was in Bolivia, but other than that." "What were you doing in Bolivia?" By the time the two women were drinking their tea, Lydia felt that she was sitting with an old friend. Theia was a fascinating woman, who had led a wonderfully exciting life. She told Lydia of her travels, how she learned the art of deception to keep herself alive in many a tight spot, and how she assumed that the students would present one of her calmer challenges. "Teaching at Hogwarts will no doubt bore you," Lydia said, smiling into her teacup. She took a long sit and set her empty cup down again. "After such an exhilarating life, you'll no doubt find us all quite dull." "Oh, no, dear," Theia said with a laugh. "I find it a great relief, you know. I always appreciated a quiet life. If my classmates could see my CV now, they'd think I was a different person." Looking at her, Lydia had no doubts that this woman was a quiet soul, but hearing the stories made her wonder. She wanted to ask what she'd been like before, but she was admittedly over-enjoying the biscuits. They had a tasted that gave her a very pleasant, nostalgic sort of feeling, although she couldn't ever specifically remember eating them before and there was no specific memory attached, the feeling was very strong, like the very particular shade of nail polish that reminded Lydia of Lily and Artemis at thirteen. "These are delicious," she finally said. She felt slightly ashamed that she'd eaten so many, but Theia didn't seem to mind. In fact, she was rather pleased. "Oh, I'm so glad you like them, dear. They're an old family recipe. I've never been able to make them as well as my mother, but I've worked very hard at them nonetheless. You should have tasted them forty years ago, you'd like them much more now." When Lydia saw herself to lunch, she didn't have much of an appetite left, walking slowly with Theia to the Great Hall, listening to a few more stories, she knew she was about to have a much better year, in spite of starting it not speaking to Severus. She stepped into the Hall and Severus's eyes instantly met hers. He said nothing when she sat beside him, said nothing the whole of lunch and did not visit her that night before bed, but Lydia knew that when the routine began again, things would smooth themselves out. The tension in his eyes when they met her was familiar, almost apologetic. That night, she slept easily, almost peacefully. She had forgotten how good that could feel.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to Aurelia Dresche, who left a very lovely review on the last chapter. May you continue to enjoy! -C The gold plates and goblets and silverware glittered warmly in the copious candlelight of the Great Hall. Lydia sat between Severus and Theia, watching as the older students filed in, greeting friends and finding their preferred seats at their House tables. Sitting at the head table for the welcome feast still felt like she was in the wrong spot, but Lydia took deep breaths, not looking at Severus, who had still not spoken to her since they'd gotten back. "It's very interesting, isn't it?" Theia said warmly. "Watching the youngsters returning. It wasn't so long ago they were on the lake, and now they look like they're home." For some of them, Lydia knew, Hogwarts was more home than home could ever be. Cokeworth had never been home to Severus and Lydia like Hogwarts had. They'd never belonged there, except with each other, and even then it wasn't the same. Her eyes met his as a particularly rambunctious group of seventh year boys entered. His dark eyes glittered with a familiar expression and she tried to hold them. He turned away and she heard a pudgy Gryffindor third year boy complaining to his neighbor that he was starving. A twinge of anger licked at her insides. That boy didn't know what it was to be hungry, to suffer. Had these children all forgotten what a war was like, what pain and loss and doing without was like? Apparently two years was a lifetime to them. It all seemed like a dream, perhaps. Lydia tried not to look angry as she stared out upon the students. It wasn't their fault. Perhaps it was better that they be selfish and ignorant than end up like all of her friends – dead. Everything in their lives felt so important to them, though, like nothing else could be more crucial than who liked who and how many times so-and-so had written to you-know over the summer. Lydia was finally talking herself out of bitter thinking when Professor McGonagall led in the first years to meet the Sorting Hat. She ignored the song as she scanned the faces of the tiny, terrified children before her. Many siblings and cousins of students she already knew in this year, as sometimes happened. One girl toward the front caught Lydia's hair because for a split second she thought the girl's hair had changed color. "Abbott, Uno." "RAVENCLAW!" Lydia tapped her fingers, still looking at the girl who had caught her eye. Something was so familiar about her, like a distant memory tickling the back of Lydia's mind. Try as she might, she couldn't find a way to pull it to the surface. Perhaps a student of hers had a sibling…? But this seemed different. "Blane, Zhara." She was only hearing every several students, still glancing around at the faces in the room looking for some clue to why this girl looked so familiar. "SLYTHERIN!" "Bones, Ramona." "GRYFFINDOR!" Lydia tapped her fingers as her eyes scanned the Slytherin table. She watched newly-Sorted Erland Bott as he sat across from Zhana Blane. The two seized each other up before shaking hands quickly. "Cattermole, Margareta." "SLYTHERIN!" Something in the cheekbones, Lydia decided, looking at the girl once more. Had her hair been so dark before? Lydia thought it had been something of a medium-brown, but now it looked almost burnt-brown. "Lyons, Zeus." "HUFFLEPUFF!" Zeus went to join his just-Sorted sister, Nina, at the table erupting with applause, and there was no mistaking it this time – the girl's hair went from brown to black, and then blonde very quickly. But why was that something she felt she should recognize? Lydia continued to ponder as student after student was pushed through Sorting. "O'Connor, Leona." "GRYFFINDOR!" "Oakfoot, Marvydas." "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Paul, Ruth." "RAVENCLAW!" The cheekbones, the hair that changed colors (which incidentally, the other first years seemed afraid of). She should know who this was, it was important, but she just couldn't remember. Finally, Professor McGonagall said, "Tonks, Nymphadora." Before the girl even moved, Lydia's heart fell into her stomach and she felt slightly sick. Nymphadora Tonks. Andromeda's daughter, Sirius's little cousin, the one he spoiled absolutely rotten. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Not Gryffindor then, but Sirius would have been pleased. Proud that she, too, was different from the rest of "the family," following her Muggleborn father into Hufflepuff. Of course, Lydia thought bitterly as "Weasley, Charles," was sorted into Gryffindor, that Sirius hadn't turned out so different from "the family" after all. After the Yeatman cousins were Sorted into Slytherin and Ravenclaw, Professor Dumbledore said a few short words of nonsense and food appeared, but suddenly, Lydia wasn't hungry. She felt as though she were back at school again, afraid of eating too much, afraid of her friends noticing she wasn't eating enough. "Not hungry, dear?" Theia chirped, shocking Lydia with the mound of food on her plate. Didn't this woman know that people lived in poverty? Some people couldn't afford food! "I had a bit of a large lunch," she lied. Severus stiffened beside her, the only indication that he recognized the lie. She wondered if he was worried. Part of her wished he was. Maybe if she worried him enough, he would speak to her again. No, no, that was downhill, backward, she was a new person now. Fresh start, new life. Anything to keep the nightmares away. Hogwarts was enough of a reminder of that past without picking up old habits. As soon as Albus Dumbledore dismissed them for bed, Lydia stood, barely looking at her mostly-untouched plate as she pushed in her chair. Severus's hand brushed her arm as he turned, and their eyes met for a moment. She wanted to say she was sorry, but she could no longer remember if that was right or not. Was it what he wanted to hear? Was it what she wanted to say? Did it even matter? They went to bed that night without a word to each other, and Lydia noticed that he wasn't at breakfast the next morning. She tried to ignore this and went about her business, welcoming a new class of third year Arithmancy students. She took role, recognizing the Oakfoot twins and Belladonna Slipford from watching Quidditch the year before. Of course, she recognized the twins as a unit, but Lydia had no idea how to tell apart Izabella and McKenize. At one point while trying to recall which was which as she made her seating chart she said to the nearest girl, "Is Marvydas your brother or your cousin?" "Cousin," the girls chorused, which told Lydia absolutely nothing. She bit the inside of her cheek, frustrated, and just scribbled down the surname on both seats, deciding that she would listen for them to refer to each other before writing down the first names. Perhaps one of the other teachers would have some trick for telling them apart. "Right," she sighed. "Now, obviously you've all elected to take this course for different reasons, but you are all here voluntarily, which I appreciate. I want you to enjoy your time in my class." A few of the boys in the back exchanged excited glances, and Lydia decided she really didn't want to know what that was about. She continued, "Obviously, you have a couple of years until O.W.L.s, and there is a lot to learn before then. I know that every one of you is capable of passing those tests. It might take a little more time or effort from some of you, but you will pass if you do what needs to be done." She opened her notes as she explained her policies on behavior, attendance, and homework, and then she began the first lesson: a basic overview of what Arithmancy was and could do in their lives and future careers. It wasn't her favorite lecture, and the students seemed to already have a sense of what Arithmancy would do for them. A few of the Muggleborn Ravenclaws had taken it, she was sure, because they had expected it would be something like maths, something their parents would understand when they talked about what they were learning in school. That was why she had started it, something she could explain to her mother. Not that it made a difference, in the end. Her mother was long gone, and she still did Arithmancy every day. Lydia had her fourth years after that, and her only afternoon class was the seventh years, which filed in, small number that they were, and Cassandra Barbary sat right in the front and center. Lydia smiled at the girl, who had done so beautifully on her exam the year before. Lydia didn't have the heart to tell her how hard the year would be, but she had to. She had to warn them all what they had gotten themselves into, because if they didn't know now they would never be ready for N.E.W.T.s. "Welcome back," she said, smiling at them. "And congratulations for making it this far. Six long years, and you're finally here. Of course, as I'm sure your other teachers have already told you, the worst is yet to come." A few smiles faded as she picked up a massive stack of parchment from her desk and held it for them to see. Holding it all at once was difficult, since the whole stack was about a foot and a half thick. They frowned back at her, confused. "This," she continued, "is my plan for your further learning and revision, a list of everything you need to have mastery of before you sit down for N.E.W.T.s in June." Kelsey Moses of Ravenclaw looked like she wanted to be sick. "I'm telling you this now so you understand that while I still want you to enjoy this class, we won't have time to waste and I'm going to push you harder than you probably think you can handle. Trust me, I have been in your shoes. I know it is difficult. But you can handle it. I would never ask you to do something if I didn't think you were capable." The students looked back at her, obviously not believing her, but she didn't know why they wouldn't. To her surprise, Cassandra raised her hand. "Professor," the girl said, "are you sure? I mean, you're sort of brilliant at Arithmancy." One of the boys snorted and muttered something about understatement, but Lydia shook her head. "I want to tell you all something very important," she said, setting down the stack and sitting on top of her desk. "No, I didn't have to work very hard at Arithmancy, and yes I was working on my first corollary at your age. But you all have subjects you're better at and ones you're worse at." They nodded. "I spent years actually struggling to pass Herbology." Several of them seemed surprised, but she didn't see why they should be. Everyone had weak subjects, even the top student s in the year. And Lydia had been far from top of her year. "Just remember," she said as they stared up at her, still stunned, "that you're in this class because you've done well in it in the past. Perhaps some of you even need it for the jobs you want. This is not your worst class, none of you should be afraid of failing, and I will be offering extra hours in my office for N.E.W.T. students this year, more as we get closer to the test. You are all equal to the task. I promise." The students were still nervous, but they seemed slightly assuaged, and she managed to do a fair amount of review with them before the period ended, all of them looking more or less ready to tackle the course again by the time they walked out of her classroom. A temporary success. Lydia cleaned up her desk and checked the time, knowing that she would have to attend a short staff meeting before dinner. She didn't feel hungry. Depending on the staff meeting, she might just skip dinner altogether. Then again, if Severus finally spoke to her, or even sat by her, she might go just to keep the reconciliation in motion. When she arrived at the staff room, however, Severus was already sitting between Minerva and Filius. Lydia sat across from him, but he did not meet her gaze. Before she could even say something to the room at large to try to get a response from him, Theia Engberg sat beside her, beaming. The woman said, "What a lovely day, wasn't it?" Lydia made a humming sound, glancing at the door of the staff room as Albus entered. She knew this was meant to be a quick meeting, and seeing the way Severus was still avoiding her, she hoped it would be a very quick one indeed. She had things to do to take her mind off her anxiety. Lesson plan updates, research, manuscript editing, sleep. Anything, really. Sitting in the same room as Severus like this, however, was a reminder of how painfully long it had been since she had last spoken to her best friend. "Good evening," he said, sitting down at the head of the table, smiling around at them all. "I trust it has been a good day for you all. This is a brief meeting to cover any immediate needs we may have to keep the year flowing at a good rate. I wouldn't want to keep you from the shepherd's pie." Pomona smiled weakly, but the other teachers were all too tired from this first day back to be too enthused with the light joke. Albus asked if anyone had any notes they felt compelled to share, and predictably Minerva had a few observations about the first years to impart to the other teachers. Others who had taught first years that day followed suit, but Lydia didn't bother listening to this. Any of these students wouldn't be hers to manage for a couple of years anyway, and most of them she would never have anything to do with. She glanced at the fireplace behind Minerva and she remembered how twelve-year-old Artemis and Lily had snuck into the teacher's lounge one spring day, desperate as Lily was to see what it was really like to be a teacher. No one could have fathomed then that Lydia would become a professor. Of course, at twelve, none of them could have fathomed that Lydia would be the only one left alive. She shivered slightly. "Lydia," Albus said after a while, and she jerked to attention, worried someone had mentioned something pertinent to her that she had missed. "Theia has a manuscript that needs a look from a neutral eye. Would you be willing to glance at that for her?" Lydia blinked and said, "Oh, of course." She was slightly taken aback by how brightly the woman beamed at this agreement, but it wasn't as though Lydia had much else to occupy her free time. She glanced up at Severus as this thought hit her and she saw him staring at her with unreadable eyes. Could he see her confusion, hurt, frustration? Was he bothering to enter her mind, or did he assume he knew her well enough to know how she felt without such measures? He turned away without any change of expression. She wondered if he was easy for him to do this, to not speak. She could recall with no difficulty a time when she and Severus depended on each other so thoroughly that even though they were on opposite sides of the battlefield, they found a way to communicate. Now they were just on opposite sides of the table and it was like sitting across from a stranger. "Very well," Albus said, turning to Severus. "Are their any ingredient needs that you have for the next month that we should add to the budgeting?" Severus drew himself up slightly, turning his head toward the headmaster as if they were the only people in the room. "The stores are generally adequate," he said. "I may need a few pounds more of boomslang skin for the sixth year project at the beginning of next month. I shall keep you informed based on how many of them drop the course in the next week." A few other teachers winced at this. Severus was notoriously hard on all of his students, but his N.E.W.T. students were held to almost impossibly high standards. Lydia supposed that the positive side to this was that those who survived his course would absolutely pass their N.E.W.T.s and could have the pick of essentially whatever job they wanted if he deigned to give them a recommendation that didn't include the word "dunderhead." Albus agreed to this arrangement and the teachers were dismissed for dinner. Lydia sat and watched Severus hurry out of the room, perhaps to get to dinner quickly and get his day over with, more likely to avoid ending up alone in a room with her. She had a sneaking suspicion that if she took the effort to corner him they would both break down and resolve their problems. But she didn't want to corner him. She just wanted things to right themselves. "Are you going to dinner, dear?" Theia asked Lydia. "You're looking awfully thin." Lydia blinked up at the kind, no doubt well-meaning old woman, not sure she'd heard her correctly. No one had called Lydia thin or chided her to eat more since before she'd graduated Hogwarts. Perhaps she ought to eat, but then, she could always go to the kitchens if she felt like eating later. She hadn't forgotten the way. "No," Lydia said, finally standing as she found herself alone with Theia Engberg. "You go on ahead. I don't feel much like eating now. I'll eat later." The woman pursed her lips thoughtfully, but Lydia paid her little mind as she followed the familiar path to her quarters, mind full of Severus's enigmatic eyes.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, Sarah Scum. I hope that you continue to enjoy where this is headed! More emotional bumps (I should say NEW emotional bumps) on the way! Also, ignore where I mentioned Cassandra Barbary in the last chapter. She's graduated. Replace her mentally w/ Sophia Vance of Ravenclaw until I do edits and physically replace her. Oops. -C Lydia creased the letter she'd read three times since its arrival that morning. The more she read it, the more she felt her tea would be ruined for the afternoon. Dear Lydia, My behavior toward you recently has been less than what it should be and I feel that I have to apologize. I've felt more than I thought I would the empty space in my life since we parted ways. It's just that you are a weakness for me. The pendulum seems to swing one way or another. Either I allow myself too close to you, or I push you too far away. I can't seem to find that middle ground anymore, perhaps because we have so little left. But we need to, don't we? I know you stubbornly refuse to understand, but it isn't easy for me to do this. I need to have that middle ground, because I do need you in my life, as a friend. I hope we can find some way to sit down and talk soon. I know you are very busy with work and students, but I am busy at the moment as well. A new job, nothing very fancy but a job nonetheless. I don't expect to keep it long. Last month there was a bit of an issue three days before the moon, and I think one of my coworkers is starting to suspect. My employer is kind-hearted, but there is a limit to everything, as I have always said. It must be nice, living at Hogwarts, not even for the stability. I confess I am jealous of that you have a place to stay that you can count on. Maybe someday things will calm down enough and I will have a neighborhood at the very least. But that being said, it must also be nice to be surrounded by all the memories. Do you remember in third year when James tickled you until you cried? I think he felt bad about it later, at least because Lily didn't even look at him for three weeks. Three years ago I would never have told you this, but he actually cried toward the end of that stretch, when he thought no one was looking. Sorry for the walk through memory lane. I hope you're well. I certainly hope you can forgive me. I understand if you can't. -Remus Lydia creased it again, not even needing to look at the words to run them through her mind once more. She'd been hurt when Remus pushed her away, of course, but she understood in some measure that he was struggling through a difficult patch of his life. She'd had so many more pressing things on her mind that it hadn't truly troubled her. And now that the letter was in her hands, the fact that she hadn't been worried about it was exactly what worried her. Was this progress or a step back? Her clock began to chime, and more out of instinct than anything else at this point she folded the letter, stuffed it into her robe pocket, and began a familiar walk to the kitchens. Minerva had begun to notice that Severus and Lydia were missing meals opposite each other. That morning she had told Lydia that "things are better dealt with right away than left to fester," which actually made some sense to Lydia. But Minerva obviously didn't understand that Severus had too much pride and Lydia had too much fear for either to step forward and start the conversation. Lydia paused in front of the portrait guard of the kitchens and remembered Sirius showing her the entrance so many years ago. She briefly thanked Merlin that she didn't have to worry about having Sirius's cousin in her class for several years. The memories were already growing worse. She tickled the pear and stepped into the kitchen, where several house-elves quickly rushed to her service, preparing tea and setting out a few cakes and biscuits. She thanked them, pleased that they even had made certain that her tea was the exact temperature she preferred before handing her the cup. House-elves were such remarkable creatures, able to simply snap their fingers and do incredibly complex magic. Her hand brushed the letter in her pocket as she sipped her tea, wondering what to do about it. Write him back of course, but did she try to meet him right away, or did she wait and tell him she was too busy to see him soon? Lydia was deep in pondering what the best way to address this issue was when the door to the kitchen swung open and she found herself staring at Severus, who simply stared back at her. The house-elves either didn't notice the tension between the two professors or they didn't care, hurrying about making tea for Severus, who was still standing silently in front of the doorway. Even if Lydia had thought it would be best to stand and leave, she couldn't do so without asking him to move, and she didn't have the strength for that. After what felt like the longest pause in the world, a house-elf held up a cup of piping hot tea for Severus, who took it without a word, crossing to the table and sitting beside Lydia. She had a brief flash of memory, his hands tracing her legs as their lips mashed furiously. A wave of heat swept through her and she looked down at the tea. Was that him searching her mind, or had that been a result of her own natural memory processes? They sipped tea in silence until her cup was half gone. "Don't spoil your convictions now to spare my feelings, Severus," Lydia said dryly, not looking up from her teacup. "If you'd rather have your tea in some other company, I won't keep you here." He set down his cup, surprising her by brushing his rough, calloused, split fingertips across her knuckles. She looked up at him to see not the man across from her drinking tea, but in his place for just a moment a teenaged boy with frightened eyes, desperation, self-disgust. She blinked and the fifteen-year-old was gone, the adult Severus sitting across from her once more, his eyes again an unreadable sea of black. "Perhaps I was wrong to say nothing to you for so long." "Perhaps?" she hissed, feeling anger building up inside of her. She didn't like feeling angry with Severus. It made her feel slightly sick. He seemed to be uncomfortable with this new dynamic as well, and she wondered if he was as firmly reminded as she was of when Lily stopped speaking to him. "I was," he said, sighing. "Forgive me, Lydia, but I do not have the way with words that Black did." "Don't," she hissed, actually standing. "Don't you dare." To her surprise, he stood as well, looking her firmly in the eye, and she wondered how she could have ever thought of him as a teenager. He had obviously learned from those mistakes, grown past that catastrophe, to some extent. At the very least, he wasn't about to make the same mistakes again. "I'm sorry," he said softly. "I…" She shook her head. He needed to say nothing. Lydia wasn't interesting in stretching his pride to its limits, just in preserving her own. He was lucky she wasn't Lily. Her pride was nothing by comparison. Even though Severus had hurt her, the last thing she wanted to do was reduce him the way Lily had all those years ago. "So what do we do now?" she asked, touching his chin. He raised a questioning eyebrow, whether at how easily she dropped the matter or how public of a place this could be, considering that every staff member and many students had access to the kitchens. Lydia said nothing, simply smiling at him. "Would you like another cup of tea?" he asked. Never mind that neither had finished the cups they already had. Lydia simply led the way out of the kitchens, out to the corridor, and down to his quarters. When they arrived, Lydia sat on her side of his sofa like nothing had happened, and watched him prepare tea for both of them. He cooled her cup and sat down beside her, wrapping an arm casually around her waist, letting her rest her head on his shoulder. If only all disagreements could be resolved so easily. "What do you think of the new Defense professor?" he asked after a long silence, staring at the fireplace. Lydia shrugged, sipping her tea. She really hadn't given the woman much thought. "She's kindly," Lydia said, basking in the comfort of Severus's presence. "She seems to…. Oh, pester isn't the right word exactly, but she seems to pay me an awful lot of attention." "That she does," Severus said with a slight frown. "Perhaps she reads your work." Lydia knew that people outside the accepted Arithmancy community must read her work, just for the numbers her publisher gave her to be anywhere near accurate, but she hadn't expected to ever meet any of them. She hadn't given that much thought, either. She couldn't imagine why anyone would bother, since it was fairly specialized work that she did. Yes, it had broad application, but it wasn't reading that should be undertaken by someone who did not have a significant background in the subject. Then again, she knew very little about Theia Engberg. Perhaps Arithmancy was the woman's life-long hobby. "Perhaps," Lydia sighed. She sipped at her tea, closing her eyes and feeling incredibly pleased to have this back, whatever it was. She knew that things with her and Severus were far from perfect, but perhaps friendship was knowing that some things would never be fixed and always forgiving and moving forward in spite of that. They finished their tea and said very little, simply enjoying each other's company. The night dragged on further than Lydia had realized, and when the clock struck time for dinner, she glanced at Severus nervously, wondering if he would want to stay here or go to dinner with everyone else. Dinner would mean they would have to talk if they stayed in his quarters. If they went to the Great Hall, they could put off talking a bit longer. "Albus will miss us if we stay," he said pointedly. Severus set the empty teacups on the table and helped Lydia to her feet. Their eyes met as they stood their, hand in hand, and Lydia felt an urge to kiss him, just to forget about the talking they still needed to do and taking that comfort that she'd actually missed while they weren't speaking. From the look in Severus's eyes, he was considering the same thing. They stared at each other until the clock reminded them that they were running late for dinner. "Come on," he said gently, kissing her cheek with strangely cold lips. "Let's not cause a scene." As they neared the Great Hall she was reminded that it was the Halloween feast, another reason it wouldn't have been appropriate for her to miss dinner in the Great Hall. Students were eagerly gobbling up treats, swapping gossip, laughing merrily. Lydia loved feasts at Hogwarts, because the reminded her about the special sort of magic the place held. A few times a year, everything was a little bit better. "Hello, dear," Theia said as Lydia and Severus sat down. "You look very tired. Have you been sleeping alright?" Lydia cleared her throat. She had been having trouble sleeping, but she didn't see how it was any of Theia Engberg's business. "I'm perfectly well, thank you," she said, and she really didn't feel as though she was lying. After all, she and Severus had mostly made up. What else was there to feel not alright about? Nothing of consequence, surely. "Very good, dear," Theia said, although Lydia got the sense that the woman did not believe her. Lydia enjoyed the feast as much as she could, although her mind didn't seem able to focus on anything too long. She couldn't think of why it would be so distracted, but she kept glancing up at the ceiling, as though it were about to fall. As soon as the feast was over and the students had been sent back to their dormitories, Lydia said goodnight to Severus and wandered back to her own quarters, sitting down at her desk and staring at the equations she had been contemplating. Perhaps they would refocus her mind before bed. She dipped her quill in the nearest inkwell, licking her lips as she shook off the excess ink and turned to the parchment she had been working on. She frowned down at the notes she had made earlier, trying to find a good starting point. "Perhaps a reversal," she muttered to herself absently. The equations were the unfinished work of an Arithmancer in Albania who had been in contact with her for about a year before he died. He left his papers to her, saying in the bequest that he hoped she could make something of his scribblings. She'd certainly been trying ever since, but some of it was so complex that she wondered if it was all strictly necessary to prove his theories. "No, that's it," she said, perking up slightly, rubbing her eyes, setting the quill to parchment. "Simplification." As she went about cutting out the frills and flourishes of the equations, Lydia mused that scholars seemed to have a need to make everything they did overly elaborate, just to put their special touch on things. She had long thought this, but she hadn't before realized what a corner they could find themselves in if they weren't careful with this method. She didn't understand why they couldn't just say what they meant and let their accomplishments speak for themselves. It would save future students and scholars an awful lot of time and trouble, keeping things simple. Once she had cleared the equations down to their bases, she began to see how they were related to each other, to the theorems they were attempting to prove, and she also began to see where the mistakes were, how they were choking themselves with incorrect assumptions that could be adjusted, where she could actually begin to work through them. She might have been pleased had they been her work to begin with, but instead she simply felt relief as she began to make the necessary adjustments to the first set of equations. Seeing what needed to be done and doing it were two different things, of course. An hour and a half later, she was still working to tease something out of the first set of equations when she realized that if she didn't try to sleep soon, she would have quite a struggle pulling herself out of bed in the morning. She sighed, setting aside the work, cleaning her quill, and changing out of her robes, into a warm nightgown. Lydia looked in the mirror over her washbasin and touched the bags under her eyes. Her fingertips were cooler than she'd expected. This was not what concerned her, though. Her attention was drawn almost exclusively to the thin, graceful lines that were developing around her eyes. She'd never been obsessed enough with appearance to know the names for all the different sorts of wrinkles, but she knew that's what they were and she suddenly felt the weight of years on her. Wasn't she supposed to be young? She was only in her twenties, and yet here she was with wrinkles, feeling like she was fifty at least. Had so much of her childhood and youth truly been stolen by the war, that she was even seeing herself age? Shaking off this uncomfortable thought, Lydia climbed into bed, pulling the warm covers over herself and closing her eyes. She felt exhausted, she knew that she should have been already falling asleep, but it was not happening. She lay there for nearly twenty minutes, no closer to sleep than she had been sitting at her desk. Then, suddenly, she felt tears welling up behind her eyelids, leaking out at the ducts, rolling down her face at an angle. She had no idea what started it, but once the tears began she could not seem to stop them, and they splashed onto her pillowcase audibly. A sensation of suffocation overcame her as everything in her chest seemed to tighten at once. Lydia made an effort to cough, to splutter, anything at all. After what felt like the longest several seconds of her life she finally managed a sob, and while it wasn't exactly breathing it was something close. She began to cough and sob, and although her lungs seemed to function more or less, she still felt that horrifying tightness in her chest, one that made her feel like she might be dying. She wasn't dying. She just wanted to sleep, but this feeling, this familiar feeling, was keeping her from it. Lydia lost track of time before her body gave in to sleep in spite of the sobs, in spite of the squeezing in her chest that she began to groggily recognize as fear. She had nothing to be afraid of, and yet the feeling did not go away, did not let her free, and it followed her with the tears into sleep, her body recalling with absolute clarity the feelings her mind had forgotten as the last few minutes of Halloween ticked away into the night, into November.
The light of the candles Severus set up coupled with the glowing fireplace was more than enough for marking, even in his dark quarters. But Lydia kept reading the same line over and over again on the top essay, not understanding it. Severus seemed to be having no such problems, already several essays in, all covered with his scrawled writing, no doubt telling the students how utterly worthless their work was. She smiled a little to herself, trying to focus on her own work. "You haven't been sleeping well," he said after he finished his stack of first year essays, setting it aside and pulling the third year essays toward him. "Don't try to lie." She rolled her eyes. She'd never been able to lie to him. She'd stopped trying years ago. "No, I haven't been sleeping especially well," she said, finishing her scan of the essay in front of her, already forgetting whose name had been on the top of it, putting a quality mark at the bottom and pushing it aside. She stretched her arms and watched Severus's eyes turn to her. "I don't know; it's not nightmares. Perhaps I just need a different mattress." He didn't seem convinced of this, but Lydia had no reason, truly, for her poor sleep. She had thought that the problems stemmed from not being able to speak with Severus, but they'd been speaking for some time now, and sleep was still a challenge. Sometimes, she thought it had actually become worse. "Perhaps," he said slowly. "How is the Albanian mess you're working on?" "Oh, fine," she sighed, rubbing her eyes. "I have to say, it's not my favorite sort of work, but he trusted me to finish it, and as soon as I end this project I'll never have to touch it again." Severus nodded, and they turned back to their work, although Lydia was finding it even more difficult to focus on what she was doing. Her mind was running with that feeling she sometimes had before going to sleep, that feeling of suffocation, that sensation that she was dying. She'd not told Severus about these feelings, but she didn't know how to talk about them yet. When she knew what to think of them, he would be the first person she told, naturally. He was always the first person she told. "You have lunch plans," he said. "I saw it on your schedule." "Yes," she said, wishing she hadn't sounded so sheepish. They were adults, they didn't need to act like children, sneaking around behind each others' backs. "We're going to talk. I haven't seen him in a very long time. He's…he's one of the only people I have left in this world." Severus said nothing, she suspected out of attempted respect for her choices. Of course, she knew he really didn't respect her decisions to continue to be in love with Remus, but their reconciliation was so fresh that he felt it wasn't the right time to press the matter. After about an hour of grading, Lydia barely managed to finish one class's set of essays. She pushed it aside, knowing that there was no way she'd finish another set by lunchtime. She sighed, leaning against Severus's shoulder. "Worn out?" "I can't focus," she admitted. "I think I'll try working in the staff room after lunch, change of scene. I would use the library, but…" "Students would bother you," he said, turning and kissing her nose. Lydia was surprised by the strangeness of this gesture, but she looked up at him questioningly. His eyes were unreadable as always, his face giving no clues as to what he was thinking. She was only half surprised when he leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. She wondered vaguely as they kissed whether he was doing this selfishly, reminding her of their arrangement before she went to her lunch with Remus. She was sort of amused that he was showing such insecurity, but then, he'd always been afraid of losing her. She decided to reassure him, wrapping her arms around his neck, feeling his cold lips opening against her mouth. How easily they got into the rhythm again, kissing each other, exploring each other, and his hands traced down her sides to her waist. She slipped her tongue into his mouth, feeling him relax a little into the kiss. Her fingertips caressed the back of his neck, and he sighed into her mouth. Lydia closed her eyes and felt his fingers tracing back up her sides, tentatively moving toward her breasts. She wanted to laugh but she traced her fingers up his arms, and she moved his hands for him, placing them over her breasts. This seemed to embolden him, and he moved his lips from her mouth to her jaw, kissing along her jaw up toward her ear. Hands never even got beneath clothes, not that it would have been warm enough for that, but Lydia ended up curled up on the couch with Severus half an hour later, sharing lazy kisses and lacing their fingers together. "I have to leave soon," she said, frowning. "I don't like it, but…. I have to leave." "If you don't want to see him-" "It's not that," she said, trying not to smile at how hopeful he had sounded. "I just don't want to go right now." Of course, that had been the whole point. He cuddled her for some time, as long as she could stay, and kissed her forehead. He then helped her bundle up in her winter clothes and kissed her nose again. "Should I walk you down to the gates?" he said, and she realized he was teasing her. She gave him her best annoyed look and kissed his lips. "I'll be fine, Sev," she whispered. "I'll see you at dinner." He stole one more kiss before letting her go, and she shivered slightly at the blankness of his eyes before she turned away from him. "Hello, Professor," a group of fourth year Ravenclaw girls said in the entrance hall. "Good morning, ladies," she said, smiling at them. "Going to lunch?" "Yes," they chorused, and she nodded, going out of the castle doors without another word, clenching her teeth as the cold of the winter hit her face, assaulting her all the way to the village. She slipped into the Three Broomsticks to see Remus already sitting in a corner with two butterbeers. She sighed, taking off her coat as she sat across from him. He smiled sheepishly at her. "I already ordered food," he said. "I hope you don't mind." "Not at all," she said, smiling, sipping the butterbeer and focusing on not inhaling the foam. They sat in pleasant silence as they waited for food. "You've been spending time with Severus?" he said politely. How had he known? She had a moment of panic when he said, "Sorry, it's just my nose, you know. And the potions ingredients have such a lingering scent." Lydia relaxed slightly and forced a laugh. "Yeah, well, nearly everybody else at the school taught me when I was there, so it's hard to think of them as peers in the same way." "It's good you have a friend," he said, smiling a bit wryly. "I would have said friendly face, but I don't suppose anyone has accused him of that." She laughed, knowing it was a perfectly fair statement. She sipped some more butterbeer watching Remus's face. He was looking older, more tired, more worn out. His condition really took an incredible toll on him, and she felt less ancient than when she had looked in the mirror and seeing her first wrinkles when she looked at him. "No, I don't suppose they have," she said, shrugging. "Yes, it is good to have Sev." Remus frowned slightly, cutting his mostly-raw steak. He looked at her as though seeing her for the first time and said, "You never stopped being his friend, did you? Not when he and Lily stopped speaking, not when you were with Sirius. You were always friends with him." Lydia shrugged, looking down at her drink and feeling herself blush. It sounded worse when he said it like that. Like she'd betrayed someone. "Sirius would have killed him if he knew," Remus said softly. "That's why I never told him," she said simply. "There were a lot of things I never told him." Remus nodded, chewing a bit of steak and swallowing before saying, "In hindsight, I suppose it was probably lucky that you kept things from him. And possibly lucky that you remained friends with Severus." Lydia frowned, realizing what he was saying about Severus's long-standing efforts to keep her safe, even from his Death Eater colleagues. Perhaps that had been the only thing that kept her alive when Sirius betrayed everyone. Or perhaps Sirius would have kept her, convinced her that it wasn't his doing, that he was innocent, destroy the evidence. She shivered. She didn't want to think about these things. She didn't want to remember, didn't want to get caught up in that misery again. And yet the reminders were everywhere. "I'm sorry," he said softly. "Have you listened to any Quidditch lately?" With a sigh of relief, Lydia admitted that she hadn't had much time for listening to the wireless since school started up again, and he began to tell her what she'd missed. Apparently, he was working as a groundskeeper for the Falmouth Falcons. "Is there much to do?" she asked. "And is it…accommodating?" "Plenty to do," he said with a shrug. "Professional fields get torn up more often than the Hogwarts pitch." He smiled a little. "Things get ugly at professional Quidditch, you know. I keep the grass green. I have to refresh protective and Muggle-repelling spells every once in a while. Maintenance and repairs of the pitch and stands. It's a full-time job, but it's a good thing there's only one of me or I wouldn't work very much. If I can't hold a job I at least like to feel like I'm really working when I have one." His tone became bitter toward the end, but Lydia really did believe that, considering the circumstances, he was happy. He brought her up to date on Quidditch and told her about a particularly entertaining incident where one of the Beaters did a somersault in the air that somehow led to the destruction of almost a quarter of the stands. Remus had to work overtime the next day, repairing the stands and listening to news reports of the many injured fans that had been hospitalized by the maneuver. Lydia was pleased to hear his voice, to see his face, to watch his amber eyes light up as he told her stories. It was incredible how long it had been since she had last seen him. The time felt as though it were moving in slow motion, but she glanced at his watch and saw that it had actually flown past. For one fleeting, mad moment she thought she should invite him back to Hogwarts, have tea, keep him longer, but he had places to be and she had essays to grade. And what would Severus say, seeing her walk into the castle with Remus? No, once again the real world won out over her fantasies. She finished her butterbeer and they walked out into the cold afternoon air. "Got a busy afternoon, then?" he asked, walking her toward the gates of the school. "No classes on Fridays for me, thank Merlin," she said, grinning. "Part of my arrangement with Albus for my research needs. I'll be marking." "That sounds wonderful," he said, a bit wistfully, and Lydia wished that life could be just a little bit fairer, that Remus could have his dream of being a professor, regardless of his condition. But they said their goodbyes at the gates, not touching, perhaps for fear of a small touch sparking something else. And she walked up to the castle, the sound of his Disapparition echoing behind her. She found the staff room empty upon arrival and set up her marking at the table on the left, spreading it out by year and trying to focus her mind on Arithmancy rather than Remus. She looked at the first line of one of her third years' essays. More than any other number in the magical world, seven is a highly significant magical number with many important properties. She clicked her tongue. She didn't assign particularly long length requirements for her students. She preferred to read essays that were thoughtful on the topics assigned, not ones that had been radically embellished for the length requirement. Still, she always had a few third year students who stubbornly spun out redundancies in their sentences to fill the space, even though she could tell that they understood the content just fine. It neared the point of stupidity, and Lydia had half a mind to ask Albus if she could offer a remedial course on English grammar, for the sake of the sanity of the teachers. Still, she managed to slowly work through the essays in front of her, poking as opposed to the flying she had envisioned when she told Severus she would do marking after lunch. Still, when the door to the staff room opened an hour later, she'd gotten enough done not to be totally ashamed of herself. "Oh, Lydia," Theia Engberg said happily. "I'm glad you're still here. Severus said I might find you in here." Why would Severus tell her a thing like that? Still, Lydia smiled politely, watching as the woman sat down with a stack of parchment in her hands. Those hands sagged around their bones, age spotted, swollen at every knuckle. It was incredible to Lydia that such old hands could still hold a quill. It gave Lydia some hope that life didn't end after fifty. "Was there something you needed?" Lydia asked politely. "I've brought you a copy of my manuscript," Theia said brightly. "You don't have to look at it now. Merlin knows it's hardly urgent. But if you could give it a once-over when you have a moment, I would be very much obliged." Lydia recalled that she had agreed to do such a thing previously, so she said yes, she would, and took the manuscript, putting it neatly into her bag. When she straightened again, however, she saw Theia adjusting the sleeve of her robes to cover what looked like a large and rather nasty bruise. "What happened?" Lydia asked. "What?" Theia asked, mildly confused. Lydia nodded at her arm. "Oh, the bruise? It's nothing, dear. Just slept on it strangely. Happens all the time. It's gotten worse as I've gotten older, too." Lydia nodded, understanding perfectly. "I have the same problem." "Do you?" Theia asked, sounding slightly amused. "Yes, I use a bruise paste that works wonders," Lydia said. "I don't know if they've started stocking anything like it in the infirmary, but I can give you some to try if you'd like." "I would like that very much." Lydia made a mental note to make herself another spare jar of her bruise paste and watched the elder woman shuffle out of the room. She felt another brief stab of annoyance at Severus for telling where Lydia could be found, but really, it was only a matter of time before someone else came into the staff room, anyway. And if she'd been in her own quarters, no doubt Theia Engberg would have found her with even more ease. Then it hit her that Theia's classroom was several floors away from Severus's, and that in searching for Lydia the old woman must have actively sought out Severus. Lydia groaned. Did all of the teachers know that something was going on between Severus and Lydia, or just the incredibly old ones? She found she could not focus on the essays for some time, seeing the shapes of the words her students had written, but not comprehending anything. The essay was on topic, she decided when her eyes reached the bottom, but beyond that she had no thoughts on the matter. Realizing she was going to have to say more than that in response to her marks for the student, Lydia sighed deeply and returned to the top, letting her eyes slip through the essay once more, hoping they retained a little bit more information. Tired, that's what she was. Anyone would be in her position. Caught between her love for Remus and her relationship with Severus and his jealousy. Pestered by Theia Engberg. Swamped with work to do both for the school and for the Arithmancy community. And then there was the nightmares, and the moments just before bed when the darkness itself seemed intent on suffocating her. Small wonder she was tired. Small wonder she couldn't focus her eyes on anything very long. She had half a mind of deciding that she wouldn't bother reading any of the essays and just assign grades off keywords and length when she rubbed her eyes and heard the door to the staff room open. "Oh, hello, Lydia," said Professor Kettleburn, hobbling in. "I didn't expect anyone to be here." "You missed Theia," she said, forcing a smile. "We could have a had a small party." "Indeed," he said, amused. "Marking?" "Trying," she admitted. "Can't seem to make my brain focus on it." "You need tea," he said kindly. She wondered briefly how he was going to make her tea, missing as many fingers as she was, but then, he could do most of it by magic. And indeed, he set about making two cups of tea while he told her stories about the limbs he'd lost and how. Unlike listening to Mad-Eye Moody (the other person she knew missing multiple body parts), Kettleburn had lived a life doing what he loved, something almost joyful in its danger, and for the first time she looked at him and didn't pity him. And she enjoyed her tea very much. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader/reviewer VulcanFanGirl. I hope this chapter was enjoyable to you! Also, whoever gives the 300th review will win a coupon code for a free e-book copy of my novella! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader Knightus10. May you enjoy this chapter, and continue to enjoy the story as it weaves along its way. -C Lydia woke up to the sight of Severus looking down at her, his face unreadable, a parcel in his hands. "Happy Christmas," he said as she sat up groggily. "I let you sleep in a bit, but you'll want time to open presents and have some tea and sweets before the feast." "Right," she sighed. "Right, the feast." The Christmas feast. No doubt she would be stuck between Severus and Theia Engberg somehow and the old woman would give her knowing looks. Lydia hated knowing looks. She took the parcel that Severus was thrusting at her, and she opened it as quickly as she could manage while still largely asleep. "It's a box," she muttered, and Severus snorted, flipping open part on the side for her to open the box more easily. She could feel her cheeks going red as she opened the box, looking down at a beautiful assortment of teas in a segmented box, each segment holding a different sort of leaf. "Mmm," she muttered, opening the lid and breathing in the glorious scent of tea. "Lovely." "I'll put the kettle on while you open the rest." Lydia waited to roll her eyes until Severus was out of the room. He had likely already opened his presents, and he didn't want to sit around watching her open a bunch of presents from other people. He could be incredibly giving one moment and enormously selfish the next. She found she rather appreciated him when he was being selfish, though. She couldn't quite voice why, even to herself, but she felt that he was somehow more himself in those moments. Stronger. She went through parcel after parcel from her fellow professors. She actually had a rather large one from Theia, which had an impressive selection of what looked like homemade fudge and peanut brittle. Lydia tried a piece and smiled to herself. There were several different ways to make fudge that Lydia knew of, and her mother used to make it just like this. When she finished with the presents, she decided to take a quick shower before going out to the other room to see what Severus was going to force her to eat. She climbed into the shower, the taste of the fudge still singing in her mouth. She stepped out to the sitting room section of her quarters to find Severus laying out a small breakfast he had ordered for the two of them: eggs, tea, fried potatoes, and a piece of toast each. "Smells wonderful," she said, sitting down next to him on the sofa and picking up her plate. The yokes of her fried eggs jiggled slightly. "D'you remember my mum's fudge?" "Hard to forget," Severus said, stabbing at a bit of potato with his fork. "She had the best recipe in the neighborhood. That was the one time my mother actually liked having a neighbor who tried to talk to her." Lydia would have laughed or smiled, but Severus was not amused and she felt it wouldn't have been appropriate. She didn't want to talk about any of their parents, not really. "It's only that Theia's given me some fudge that's remarkably similar. Delicious. Would you like a piece?" Severus's smooth, dark eyebrows quirked upward and she knew he was intrigued. He'd never been one for sweets, but he had loved that fudge. "I suppose it wouldn't hurt," he said slowly, and they finished breakfast in silence. He followed her into her bedroom again compliantly, sitting down on the foot of her bed while she pulled out the tin. Lydia took a piece of fudge in her fingers and held it out. "Open up," she said, watching his eyes flicker slightly at this demand. He did open his mouth enough for her to slip the fudge between his lips. He took a bite and began to chew, but his eyes were still locked with hers. She watched him chew and swallow and was about to ask what he thought when he took the rest of the piece from her fingers and brushed it across her lips. They opened instinctively and she took the fudge in her mouth, relishing the chocolate sweetness for only a moment before Severus replaced his fingertips with his lips, kissing her as she tried to chew the fudge. Lydia moaned, swallowing as quickly as possible to allow some space in her mouth for his tongue, tasting the fudge once again in his mouth, slightly dizzy from something she couldn't think of words for. Her fingers traced up his neck as their mouths embraced. She hadn't realized he was leaning her back until her head hit her pillow and she was momentarily bewildered. The fingers on one of his hands were tracing through her hair, and the fingers on the other hand were touching her breast through her shirt and bra. He squeezed gently and she gasped into his mouth. She had forgotten how good that felt, a jolt of something to her very core at that little squeeze. Lydia sat up slightly and pulled his head closer to hers, enjoying every shift of his hands and body over her. As his other hand moved to the other breast and he squeezed both at once, her lips moved away from his lips, startled at the power of the sensation. Lydia traced her lips down his neck, pleasantly surprised when he groaned as she began to nibble at a spot on the hollow of his throat. But they could not stay like this all day. Lydia had to finish reading Theia's manuscript, and Severus had things to brew, so when they managed to calm down and right themselves, Severus gave her a quick peck and took his leave. Lydia felt a strange sense of loss when he left the room and she returned to her outer room, sitting down in front of the fireplace with Theia's work. Almost at the end of the manuscript, Lydia was jolted out of her rhythm by someone knocking at the door. She frowned, wondering whom it could be. Not time yet for the feast, certainly. "Come in," she said, sitting up a bit, smoothing a strand of hair out of her face. Shockingly, there stood Remus, looking at her a bit sheepishly, holding a parcel. "Albus helped me arrange a surprise," he said. He shuffled a bit where he stood, still in the doorway as Lydia stared up at him. "Surprise," he added weakly. She certainly was surprised, and she told him so, getting to her feet and offering him tea. He declined, simply having a seat on the sofa and waiting for her to sit beside him. "How has your Christmas been thus far?" he asked, smiling at her. "Well enough," she said with a shrug. Better now you're here. "I suppose you haven't done much of anything yet," he said, handing her the gift he'd brought. "Not time for the feast yet, is it?" "No, not quite," she said, annoyed at how breathless her voice was. The last thing she wanted to do was scare him away now he was speaking to her again. "It's been fairly short, actually. I slept in, opened presents, and then Severus and I had breakfast." Her mind went to how Severus had then proceeded to kiss her with chocolate on his breath and she looked down at the package in her lap trying not to blush. "I'll bet your morning has been more interesting," she said recovering. Remus shrugged and said, "No, not especially. I don't really have anyone to spend holidays with, you know. It's nice that you have Severus and all the other teachers." He always said that, always said how nice it was that she had peers, perhaps out of his own jealousy. Lydia shifted a bit, smiling at him, hoping to take his mind off of it. "Well, I suppose that's true," she said nervously. "But you must have some people in your life, Remus. You can't fill your days with nothing but work." Especially when you aren't always in work. His eyes darkened slightly, as if the unsaid words had been said after all, but he shook his head and said, "No, not really. There are a few people still alive from the Order; we get drinks on occasion. But it's hard on all of us, remembering." "Who's left?" Lydia asked, trying to keep the remembrances in positive territory. "Oh, Daedalus Diggle. Did you ever meet him?" She shook her head. "Bit of a silly bloke, but very friendly, always so positive. I see Mad-Eye about once a year, but he's a bit depressing, to be honest. I think he gets more paranoid all the time, even though the war's over. But he's got reason, I guess. There's still plenty of Death Eaters roaming free, and he's pretty high-profile. Emmeline Vance, do you remember her?" Lydia nodded, recalling seeing her at a few wartime funerals, and the name being mentioned. It was nice to recall that Remus wasn't the only Order member who survived the war, that he wasn't totally alone in the world. "I suppose I ought to open this, right?" Lydia finally said, holding up the parcel. Remus smiled and nodded. She tucked her fingers into the folds on one side of the wrapping and began to rip it away from there, thinking how young unwrapping presents could make someone feel. Inside was an ornately carved box, which she opened to find a velvet lining. Resting inside that box was a small pair of earrings, but she knew the main gift was the box. She wondered how he could afford it, but she didn't ask. She knew he made a point of saving up to buy her things he thought she deserved. "It's beautiful, Remus," she said softly. And it was. She didn't know the name of the type of wood, but the reddish stain of the box was absolutely lovely, and the engraved pattern was an interesting overlay of lilies and poppies. Which she knew he must have had customized. "You have to go down to the Great Hall soon," he said, glancing at his watch. "Do you need to get ready, or…?" "No, I can go as I am," she said, perhaps a bit too eagerly, not wanting him to leave sooner than he had to. They sat in silence for a moment, watching the fire that Severus had started as she gently set the box down on a side table. "What did you do with the jewelry Sirius gave you?" Remus asked after a while. "If you don't mind my asking." Lydia frowned. She hadn't thought of it in some time. She tried, as a general rule, not to think of anything to do with Sirius. "No, it's fine," she said, shrugging and crossing her arms. "I sold most of the things Sirius had given me when I moved into my flat. I needed extra income. I still had a few things from my parents to sell as well, but I'm a bit more attached to those things than I was to Sirius's gifts." Her mind went to her mother's elaborately beaded wedding gown, one of the few heirlooms still in the family vault. Remus nodded. He only lingered for a little while longer, knowing that she would have to go to the feast soon, and on his way out he smiled at her and said, "This was nice, seeing you again, seeing Hogwarts again." "Maybe you could come back and visit some other time," Lydia said, trying not to be too hopeful. "As your schedule permits." To her surprise, his eyes held their light as he said, "Yes, maybe I will." Before he left, he leaned in and pressed a warm, gentle kiss to her lips. As he walked away down the corridor, Lydia had a brief thought of how different his warm lips were from Severus's cold ones, and then of how wonderful she felt, before she went down to the feast. She wondered at the small number of students – six – who had stayed for Christmas as she took her seat beside Severus, across from Theia, Filius, and Minerva. "The decorations are lovely as always, Filius," she said as Severus began to load up her plate. He had been nervous, of late, that she was under eating. Perhaps he and Theia were conspiring on the matter. Both had mentioned at least once this a week how thin she looked. "Thank you, Lydia," Filius squeaked. "You know, there is something especially magical about Christmas, isn't there?" "Yes, there certainly is," Lydia said, momentarily distracted by Severus's fingertips on his left hand tracing the inside of her right leg, just above the knee. It took all her presence of mind not to jump at his touch, and she was again surprised when his fingers found her left hand, tracing the bones on the back of her hand with cold fingertips. Did he know already that she'd seen Remus? What was he up to? "Tell me, Lydia," Albus asked from down the table as he passed some potatoes to a fourth year Gryffindor who had stayed, "did you enjoy the surprise?" She tried to stay calm, but she knew she blushed slightly as she said quickly, "Yes, it was nice to see Remus. Thank you, Albus." She turned to her own plate as quickly as possible, feeling Severus's hand tense in her hand, but he did not pull his hand away from hers and she was rather glad. Something about holding Severus's hand under the table felt a bit strange, but she liked it all the same. "Lydia," Minerva said with a smile after they'd all finished first helpings and a few people had moved on to seconds, "Severus mentioned you're working on Elek's papers." After taking a quick drink of water to clear her throat, Lydia nodded and said, "Yes, he left them to me, hoped I could finish them." "And have you made progress?" "Yes, more than I initially expected," Lydia said. "It was all a matter of simplification. Once I shaved away unnecessary flourishes, everything became remarkably clear." Minerva's already thing lips tightened with wry amusement. "He always was one to swell his own importance with the superfluous," she said wistfully. "I worked with him briefly on a project about the mathematical evaluation of Animagus transformation. A keen mind, but an ego vast enough to snuff all the oxygen in a room." Lydia smiled, knowing that this was a very apt description of Elek, and she actually imagined he'd gotten worse with time. Many men who had an elevated opinion of themselves only grew less reasonable with age. "I've been reading your manuscript as well, Theia," Lydia said, smiling at the elderly woman. "I'm very nearly done, should have my notes to you quite soon." "Oh, take your time, dear," Theia said, the first to begin dishing up dessert. "I know you're busy." Severus let go of Lydia's hand to allow her to dish up some dessert for herself, which he did not partake of. Actually, he excused herself as she began to put a fork into a slice of pie, and she watched him leave, wondering if she was going to go to him when she finished or try to track him down later, when she'd had some time to work and think about how to avoid a fight. People began to trickle back to their lives and Lydia ate her pie slowly, watching them leave. Pomona and Filius moved a bit closer when only the three of them were left. "How is Remus?" Pomona asked, smiling. "I haven't seen him since you graduated." "He's…." She hesitated, wondering what she should say. "He's doing okay. As could be expected, I suppose." The other two nodded knowingly. All of the Heads of Houses had been informed of Remus's condition while he was in school, for safety purposes. But Lydia had never thought to ask if the rest of the teachers had known. "Always strange this time of year, isn't it?" Filius said. "Hogwarts feels so different when it is this empty." Lydia nodded, wondering vaguely what it was like in the summers. She had considered giving up her place, moving in at Hogwarts to save money. It might even be a prudent work consideration, if she had access to the library during that time. But she didn't think Madam Pince stayed over the holiday, so that might not be a possibility. She thought about discussing it with Albus later and put a bit more pie in her mouth. "You know," Pomona said softly, "I was thinking the same thing." She moved a bit of pudding around on her plate thoughtfully. "We used to get more students staying, during the war. A lot of parents felt they were safer here. And nearly all the teachers stayed as well. I don't know why Minerva keeps going back and forth when we have so few students, but she does it every day, bless her." "It's being a Head of House," Filius squeaked solemnly. "She takes her duties very seriously." Lydia frowned. "I thought she lived at Hogwarts." She was sure Dumbledore had said as much to her. "Oh, no, dear, she's had a house in the village for nearly two years now," Pomona said, smiling as she moved her pudding around some more. "She walks over every morning bright and early, and every night quite late." Lydia nodded, finishing her pie in silence as her colleagues chattered through the end of their own puddings. Minerva McGonagall didn't really live at Hogwarts after all. What else had Lydia missed about the people she saw every day by being so caught up in her own world? She excused herself as soon as her pie was done and thought to herself as she walked away what a strange but lovely Christmas it had been.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer LilyHellsing, who has been a faithful reader of this story for some time. May you all continue to be pleased with the story, and I promise for big change-ups in the near future. -C Lydia tapped her fingers against her thighs as she stood in the staff room, watching Albus pour champagne for himself and Professor Sinistra. New Years Eve was such an extravaganza at Hogwarts that she almost could close her eyes and imagine herself back with her friends, sitting in Lily and James's house, champagne flowing and Sirius laughing with his arm around her. She blinked, rubbing her thigh a little where she had been tapping, turning away from the alcohol, not wanting to think about Sirius, Lily, James, any of it. She was supposed to be celebrating, not remembering. Remembering would only lead to sadness. "Lydia!" She turned to find Minerva and Theia sitting in a corner, waving her over. Since Severus had yet to arrive, she joined them, sitting down between the two older, women, smiling as best she could. "You look pale," Theia said, frowning. "Are you ill?" She half expected the woman to press the back of her hand to Lydia's forehead to check, like her mother had done when she was a child. "No, quite well, thank you," Lydia said, which wasn't exactly a lie. She wasn't ill. "Just a bit of trouble sleeping. I always feel like there's something I've forgotten to do." Minerva nodded knowingly. "I spent many nights like that in my early years of teaching," she said. "There was a time when I was certain I had forgotten to grade all of the essays, that I'd forgotten one class or even just a few students." Lydia laughed a little, nodding, glancing around the room as the door opened. Just Filus. "Champagne, ladies?" Albus said, leaning over the coffee table in front of them. All three women shook their heads and he hurried off to offer a glass to Filius. "Waiting for someone, Lydia?" Theia asked, with a bit of a sly look in her eyes. "Oh, just wondering what's keeping Severus," Lydia said, thinking she didn't like that knowing look. She could just picture the woman sitting with Albus over tea, gossiping about her and Severus. Still, perhaps they didn't talk about her after all. Why would they? Except that they both loved to meddle in other people's affairs. "At least you two aren't sulking in a corner together," Minerva said with a nod. "I'm glad that you have time to be social before he arrives. Remember what I said about not letting him be a bad influence on you." Lydia nodded, smiling politely. The door opened again, this time with Severus holding the door open for Pomona. Lydia smirked slightly, wondering if she would point out the chivalrous behavior to him or leave it be. No doubt he wouldn't thank her for mentioning it, but if she mentioned it after the party, gave him a kiss for it…. No, it would be too much of a reminder of the other men she had kissed. She watched him cross the room to awkwardly stand by the women as they huddled around the fireplace. Pomona sat in the last seat, but he said nothing, merely, standing just behind Lydia's chair. "Oh, Severus, don't be absurd," Theia said, clicking her tongue with amusement, and before he could say anything she pulled out her wand, waving it. Instead of conjuring a chair for Severus, however, she had turned Lydia's chair into a loveseat. The woman certainly knew something, alright, and Lydia tried not to look too tense as Severus sat stiffly with a muttered word of thanks that sounded entirely begrudging. Minerva looked amused as well, but she didn't seem to know the way Theia did. Not yet, anyway. Thank Merlin for small miracles, Lydia mused as Professor Sinistra came around offering tea to those who hadn't opted for champagne. Lydia and Severus made their orders, and she could feel his body shift beside her. She had the distinct impression that if they had been alone he would have wrapped his arm around her, but alas, they were surrounded by people. Lydia felt grateful that at least the New Years Eve kissing tradition was one that Albus couldn't impose on the staff. If it were, she knew she would be forced to kiss Severus, sitting there on that loveseat, with knowing eyes watching. She hadn't been so carefully watchful for mistletoe this year to be thwarted by such New Years antics. But the New Year was counted in without incident, and Lydia rubbed her eyes, exhausted. "That does it for me," Theia said as soon as the countdown finished. "My tired old bones aren't meant to be out of bed at this hour." "Oh, Theia," Albus said, with obvious intent to keep her there. But Theia shook her head firmly, and Lydia took the opportunity, standing as well. "I really need to get some sleep," she said apologetically, ignoring that Albus was actually growing perturbed. Almost as soon as Lydia stood, Severus stood without explanation, ignoring Minerva's joke that he'd given his social obligation for the year, and he followed Lydia and Theia out of the staffroom, into the dark corridor. Lydia was grateful that Severus walked her back to her quarters. The darkness felt less strange with him beside her. "I'm glad that's over," Lydia said as they approached her quarters. "It's a bit exhausting, being so cheerful." Severus frowned at her in the moonlight, and she froze, wishing she hadn't said it out loud. Severus was the grouchy one, the anti-cheer one. Would he worry about her now? She wished she could un-say it. He asked her no questions, however, and as they paused outside her door and she put a hand on the knob he merely leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to her lips. His mouth was surprisingly warm, she thought as he muttered something about sweet dreams and walked away into the dark. All too soon, the school was filled with students again, and Lydia sat down at dinner, surprised as usual at how loud the Great Hall could be when it was suddenly packed with students after a long period of rest. Friends were greeting each other with exuberance, enemies were teasing each other and everything short of picking fights, and people with crushes whispered behind their hands in an obvious way to friends, who giggled in response. Had Lydia ever been so silly? There had been a time. She could recall Artemis and Lily giggling about how Remus and Lydia would gaze at each other when the other wasn't looking, but Lydia had never been a giggler, not in that way. She had always believed in the hopelessness of dreams, and that was what such giggling was about. It was hope. It was thinking good could come of something, even if it had yet to materialize in any tangible way. "Not three months ago, there were people in this room who knew no one," Theia said, smiling down at the sight of greetings. "You wouldn't know it now, would you?" "No, you certainly wouldn't," Lydia muttered, watching as students began to settle down under the eyes of their teachers, getting to work at eating the feast the house-elves had laid out for the returning children. Lydia rubbed the heels of her hands on her thighs before picking up her golden utensils, which always made her hands feel greasy. The return of students meant many things to her. The first of those things was that classes were starting up again, which meant time out for instruction, preparation, and marking. It was her job, obviously, but the amount of time it all took was daunting most days. That wasn't even counting staff meetings, one of which they had that week. Secondly, it meant that the library would be packed with students, so any research that Lydia would have otherwise done in the library she would have to do in her own quarters, on her own very limited time. Madam Pince allowed her to request texts via note so that Lydia didn't get waylaid by students while she was attempting to work, and a house-elf would deliver the required book from the library to Lydia's quarters, and back again, as requested. When Lydia returned to classes, the students were just as reluctant to be back at school as she remembered. Socially, they were thrilled to be with friends again, but the thought of essays and schoolwork wasn't something even her Ravenclaw students were keen on. "I hope you all had a good holiday," she said, looking out at her third year students, who looked anxious. Izabella Oakfoot in particular (she had a small ring of freckles on her right cheek that her sister did not) looked tired and anxious. "Welcome back." A hand shot up in the back and Lydia bit back her amusement. "Yes?" "How were your holidays, professor?" Lydia's mind rushed to kisses from Severus on her neck, and a kiss at her door with Remus, the earrings Remus had given her, the New Years Eve party with the other professors. "Completely and utterly uneventful," Lydia said with a smile. "As always. Now, I know it's hard to put away the holiday mindset, but it is time to get down to work." To their credit, the students did not groan, wince, moan, or otherwise physically or verbally express their discontent with having to learn once she had greeted them. The only groups who seemed at all perturbed by return to schoolwork were the fifth and seventh years, obviously both anxious about what the start of term meant for their oncoming exams. She could count on one had the students she was certain were on track to be prepared to pass the exams, at least for her class, which meant that she had a lot of pushing and guiding and hand-holding to do before June. But for some strange reason, the students did not seem stressed when she assigned essays and reading and extra study hours to prepare for O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s. In fact, unlike her days as a student, her students seemed pleased when she gave them work. She asked Severus what he thought about this and he actually gave her a small smile. He said, "Lydia, your students are in awe of you. You're a celebrity to them, especially the Ravenclaws. How often will they meet someone from their textbooks? Work from you feels purposeful, something worth missing social time and even sleep for." This made Lydia uncomfortable, like she was pretending to be someone else, although she had never asked for this regard from her students. She had never really asked for this regard from anyone. If she could have made a living doing Arithmancy without publishing, without becoming a well-known name, she probably would have done it. Theia seemed to have managed it with Defense. But then, that was a more active career path than Arithmancy, which was almost uniformly passive as a branch of magic. Severus seemed to find her annoyance with having students return to be amusing, perhaps because he thought she was picking up his own grumpy, miserly behaviors. As far as Lydia was concerned, she wasn't. She simply missed the quiet and privacy of holidays. Still, most habits were not hard to return to, and Lydia considered teaching something of a habit. It was not even a full week before she stopped complaining, and hardly thought of the inconvenience of her duties. After all, she was being paid well for them, and Albus gave her every accommodation for her work. There was little to truly complain about, and there would be another break during Easter for her to have a bit more peace for work. By the time the staff meeting came around, she had all but forgotten she'd had any qualms at all. The staff room felt different. She hadn't been in it since New Years Eve, and the lack of festive decoration made the room feel barren, stuffier than usual. She settled in a seat beside Severus without any verbal notice of this, however. She didn't want Filius to think her sentimental for the decorations and enlist her help in all future years. She couldn't claim colorblindness as Severus so deviously did. "Welcome back," Albus said, smiling at the teachers. "Welcome back to a new term." Severus frowned slightly. Obviously he didn't think there was any need to welcome them, since most of them had stayed over the holiday, anyway. However, it was tradition. "Now that we have all begun again," Albus continued, "I realize there may be some snags that have arisen that need attending to. For example, Pomona, I believe you mentioned that some of your mandrake crop did not survive the winter." "It was a sickly bunch," Pomona said mournfully. "The second years are devastated. Of course, they aren't entirely to blame for a bad batch, but a few of them were fairly careless when we were resoiling their pots before the holiday." Lydia tapped her thigh absently to avoid making noise with her fidgeting. She really had very little interest in the outcome of the mandrake incident. She recalled very vividly her own issues with that assignment during second year. Mandrakes were vicious plants to be unleashing on thirteen-year-olds. Professor Kettleburn then expressed the issue with how they were going to winter the thestral herd the following year, since their typical meat supply was down. Lydia tuned this out as well, uninterested in the issues of the thestrals. Yes, they were important to the smooth function of the school, but she had never liked the creatures. From the time she turned fifteen, they were an annual reminder of some of the more painful moments of her life. Severus had noticed that she tensed at the mention of the hateful creatures, and he slipped his hand over her tapping fingers under the table. She let her fingers lace with his, feeling the strange comfort of his icy hands. "Severus," Albus said, and Severus turned his head slightly at being addressed. "No substantial considerations," Severus drawled. "It is possible I will have to postpone the Amortentia lesson in spring, as a few of the ingredients had low crops this year. I will have to wait for prices to lower before it would be reasonable to acquire them." There was a brief discussion of budgetary concerns that Lydia paid no attention to, and then Albus turned to her. "My classes will go forward not impacted, as always," Lydia said. "The students seemed to have retained as much as anticipated from last term, and moving forward should be no trouble." "And your latest research?" Albus asked. "How is that coming along?" Lydia could have hit the man as several of the other teachers perked up, interested to hear about what she was working on. Minerva and Theia were giving her particularly interested looks, but Lydia just smiled and said, "Coming along just fine, Albus. I suppose you'll see just how fine when it's finished." Severus's lips twitched at the corner and she knew he was pleased she had shut down further inquiry into her work. Not that it impacted him at all; Severus just liked it when Lydia did anything decisively. And this was decisive, for her. "Indeed," Albus said, not bothering to hide his amusement at the slight disappointment of the other teachers. "Do keep me update if there is anything further you need." Lydia would have told him he would be the first to know, but that would have been a lie. No doubt, whatever it was, Severus would know of it first. She sat through the rest of the meeting, giving very little input as usual, simply watching the faces of her colleagues as they spoke. She wondered what they expected people to be thinking when they spoke. Did they imagine the rest of the staff was interested in their individual class concerns? Lydia thought it would have made more sense to have fewer full-staff meeting and more individual, brief meetings with Albus when needed. Of course, many things at Hogwarts did not function in a way Lydia found to be logical, and she had long since learned that the rest of the staff was apparently more curious about each other than she and Severus were about everyone else. They gossiped almost as much as the students, perhaps more on some issues. At least, Lydia mused, she would never go without being entertained at Hogwarts, even without students present. When the meeting ended, Severus walked her back to her quarters, both of them keeping a brisk pace. They passed a couple of second year students out late and Severus frightened them off to bed with ten points each off from Ravenclaw. "That was hardly necessary," Lydia said, trying to remember what their names were. Baddock and McYates, Severus had said. She didn't think she knew them, or any siblings they might have had. "Perhaps not," Severus said. "But they will think twice before breaking curfew again." Lydia rolled her eyes and smiled a little to herself. If nothing else, staff meetings put Severus in a brusque mood, and that was always temporarily entertaining, as long as he wasn't directing it at her. Instead of trying to sleep, Lydia poured herself a cup of tea and tried to stay awake. She read student essays, went over plans for upcoming lessons, and tried to think of a way to help McKenzie Oakfoot to understand the concept of the dominance of the seventh seven. When all else failed, Lydia pulled out one of Severus's old Potions books and began to thumb through it. She sipped her second cup of tea and let her fingers run across the spiky letters in the margins. Little by little, her mind soaked over the words without understanding them, and an hour later she fell asleep, spilling her tea while fighting for consciousness. But at least she didn't feel afraid.
Lydia knew that being tense about it did little help, but she could not help feeling tense when she had recently seen Remus and spent any amount of time with Severus. She knew he wasn't going out of his way to make her feel guilty, but his nature was possessive; he had never been good at sharing. They stared at her fireplace, the flame shrinking away but still clinging to life. His arm might have been around her shoulders any other night, but he was physically distant since her lunch with Remus the day before. She closed her eyes, tired of the unspoken words. She had half a mind to say something to him about it, but she was so exhausted that she was worried what she would say. It was too easy with Severus for both of them to say things they would regret, things that took the force of moving mountains to right again. But she hadn't seen anything wrong with leaning in to kiss him, perhaps not registering his expressions properly with her own tired eyes. He pulled away, frowning. His body was stiff. "What?" she asked. He said nothing, eyes still fixed on the dying fireplace. "Severus, will you at least look at me?" Slowly, Severus turned his face to her, his black eyes flash with anger, but his face completely blank. She shivered slightly. How could he do that so well? It was unnatural. If someone was angry, she wanted to know, especially if they were angry with her. Finally, Severus seemed done with waiting and he said, "Is that how you kiss him?" Yes, it was about Remus, again. Lydia wanted to roll her eyes and tell him he was being ridiculous, but she knew that that could only make things worse. She bit her tongue for a moment and stood up, crossing to stoke the fire. "Who is avoiding now?" he snarled. "Look at me, Lydia." She did as he asked, turning to him, seeing his eyes even more full of fury than she had expected. "Yes, Remus has kissed me," she said. "What of it, Severus? You knew this might happen when we started this. And it is not as though I am the only one unfaithful." Severus jumped to his feet, agile as a cat, and Lydia almost took a step back into the fireplace when he caught her and pulled her close, glaring down at her. "That is hardly the same," he said in a soft voice, dangerous, making Lydia's spine tingle. She hated that voice, and yet loved the sound of it. "Lily is dead. I do not flaunt my love for Lily in front of you." "I flaunted nothing!" Lydia hissed. "Remus has only even been here once, and that was not my doing. Complain to Albus if you wish. And just because you don't kiss her, Severus, doesn't mean her memory is not present every time we're alone together." He took a step back, startled, but his hand still gripped Lydia's arm. For a brief moment she felt as though she were back in school, being beseeched to make Lily talk to Severus, and that just made her angrier. He had said they were going to be understanding about this, but he couldn't be understanding of Remus. "You know he's not Sirius," Lydia said, his name bitter tasting on her tongue. "I don't know why you keep insisting on behaving like he is." "Those Marauders," he said derisively, "were all of one mind. They tried to kill me, remember?" Lydia knew that Remus had nothing to do with that mistake of Sirius's – or was it a mistake? Had he done it on purpose after all? – but she also knew she could never get Severus to see that. He would always look at the Marauders as a group, as all guilty of the crimes of Sirius and James against him. "Is that all you see when you look at me?" she asked. "Sirius? The Marauders? I'm not a child anymore, Severus. That hasn't been my life for a long time." He shook his head, but she continued to press the matter, saying, "Sev, those are choices we made when we were children. Can't we move on from that?" Severus frowned, turning away and saying, "That is not what I see." "No," she said softly. "No, you see a link to Lily." He tensed. Lydia knew she shouldn't have kept pressing on it, but it just wasn't fair, the way he held her responsible for her feelings for Remus and yet never had to answer for his feelings for Lily. It wasn't right. She didn't deserve to deal with the double standard for the rest of their lives. "I'm not her, Severus," she said. "I'm never going to be her." He tensed even more and she actually felt angry. Perhaps she should have felt a little bit sorry for him. In a way, she knew he was afraid of losing someone else that mattered more than anything to a Marauder. Because he had said it, as far as Severus was concerned all the Marauders were equal. Sirius, James, Remus. He didn't see Sirius when he looked at her. He saw Lily, and he felt Lydia slipping out of his grasp and it made him afraid. But he would not say that. Part of Lydia wanted to make him say that out loud, but she knew if she pushed him that far she might never be able to fix things between them. She wished he would have at least said goodnight, but instead he walked out of her quarters without a further word, without looking at her. She felt a strong pain in her chest she couldn't think of a cause for and she dropped onto the sofa, staring at the door that had closed so uneventfully behind him. She had gotten the last word, but she only felt sick to her stomach. Lydia closed her eyes, battling with herself over whether or not to go after him. In the end, she decided – with a mild stab of shame – that she would not go after him. Instead, she opened the cabinet containing her alcohol and dug a bit of firewhiskey from the back of it, holding up the amber liquid to squint at the dying firelight through it. She licked her lips as she poured a glass with shaking hands. She shouldn't even have the stuff anymore. Perhaps she would pour the rest out before she went to bed, if she could remember by the time she went to bed. Lydia closed her fingers around the glass, holding it tighter than she might have if her hands hadn't been shaking. She didn't want to waste the alcohol, or to let the glass slip from her fingers and shatter. For some reason she couldn't name at that moment, she had a strong fear of letting a glass shatter. She downed the drink in one, something she hardly ever did, and poured herself another glass before crossing in to her bedroom. She took the bottle with her, setting it on the bedside as she climbed into bed without bothering to change into a nightgown. Lydia pulled a blanket around her shoulders, placing the glass to her lips and letting the burning sensation hit the tender skin just where her lips turned to the inside of her mouth. Her nose twitched with the uncomfortable chemical sensation of the drink beneath them, like inhaling rubbing alcohol. Lydia downed the glass and set the glass down next to the bottle, rubbing her temples in circular motions and trying not to cry. She did not have a clear sense of what was causing her tears, just that it had something to do with how things had just happened with Severus. After pouring and drinking her third glass, feeling tears on her cheeks, she realized she had never really considered that she might be partially to blame in her fights with Severus throughout the years. She had always considered them a product of his being unreasonable, but she closed her eyes to the stinging of tears and thought of how harsh she could sometimes be to him, how much she demanded without saying a word. No matter what they had agreed, kissing Remus and then turning around and kissing Severus was a hard thing for him, and to rub Lily's death into the mix while they were already fighting, while feelings were already raw? What good could possibly come of it? What was the point? What satisfaction could she get out of tormenting the one friend she had left? Lydia tried to tell herself that standing up for herself was what he wanted, but she knew this was more than that. This was worse than that. How had it never occurred to her that she was hurting him just as much as he hurt her, possibly more? After all, she had always had more than him, even when she had less. After all, he'd had parents when she hadn't, but she had freedom and peace of mind he could never have with his father in the house. And when he had freedom and peace of mind in his house, she had friends and people to spend the time with, people who actually cared about her instead of just fellow Death Eaters. She realized they had probably spent much of their lives wanting what the other had, even though both had nothing in their lives that wasn't far from perfect. She poured and downed her fourth drink and the room began to swim. Even in the state she was in, Lydia knew better than to pour any more, so she set down the glass and rolled onto her back, leaning against her pillows and pulling her blankets over her shivering body. Was she cold? She couldn't tell, but she was shivering, so perhaps she was cold. Lydia couldn't seem to close her eyes, so instead she stared up at the ceiling, tears rolling down the sides of her face. She didn't like the feeling of crying while lying on her back. She'd never really thought about it before, but it was uncomfortable, not like crying normally. The feel of it was wrong. Eventually she did manage to get her eyes to shut, although she could not immediately find sleep. Tears stung the insides of her eyes even when they struggled to leave the captivity of her lids. They would gather until they leaked out of corners, gathering against the bridge of her nose before spreading across her face. She feared she would never get to sleep, with such strange sensations on her face and a massive knot in her chest that she couldn't name. But there was the factor of exhaustion that she did not account for in her tired mind. Lydia's fingers twisted through the sheets as she did her version of counting sheep. She would begin with the base equations of Arithmancy and run through them and all their derivations and inversions as she sank closer and closer to sleep. Usually she liked to do this with a calm mind so she didn't forget anything, but she assumed that tonight her night was not calm, between the fight and the alcohol and the tears still stinging at her eyes. She only had the most vague memory of the fight and what it was about as she sank into the third set of derivations. Although by the time she hit the fourth set of inversion she could no longer recall any details of the fight, she did retain a maddening and actually painful sense of guilt as she slipped into a muddled state, unable to maintain the presence of mind required to go to the fifth set of derivations. Slightly frustrated and entirely unsettled, she finally did slip into sleep, a sleep devoid of peace or dreams or anything that could have taken away the guilty feeling in her chest. When she awoke to find her bedroom still quite dark she thought for a moment that perhaps she was dreaming, or still drunk. But the room felt too clear for her to be drunk, and she had never felt this way in a dream. A candle beside her lit suddenly and she saw Severus's face in the darkness. "Severus," she whispered, feeling the places where tears had dried on her face very keenly. Could he see that she had been crying in this light? "Severus, I'm so sorry. I should never have said-" Before she could finish apologizing, Severus pressed his lips to hers and she realized this was their reconciliation. Lydia didn't mind a wordless reconciliation, she decided. She wondered vaguely if he could taste the firewhiskey on her breath even as she tasted a hint of mead on his. Perhaps it was the exhaustion or the last vestiges of alcohol, but there was something about this kiss that was dizzying, and the room did seem to spin around her again. She wasn't wholly sure she was sober until his lips began to trace down her neck and she took a deep breath. No, she was sober, but perhaps this was a dream, the way Severus's cold lips almost felt like fire against her skin. Had he removed her blankets from her while they were kissing, or before she was fully awake? Did it really matter? His eyes glittered in the candlelight and she wondered what was going through his mind when he saw that she was still wearing her robes. He leaned in and kissed her again. Lydia let her fingers trace up his cold neck, barely noticing that his hands were undoing the fastening of her robes. It was suddenly warm in her bedroom. How had she ever thought it cold? Lydia shrugged the robes off, barely noticing as Severus tossed them aside, and she thought from the faint flush of his sallow cheeks that perhaps hew as warm as well. She used fumbling fingers to undo the fastenings of his robes as he placed hungry kisses on the curve of her neck, down to her collarbone. Her mind was dizzy, buzzing, something she couldn't remember ever feeling, even when pleasantly drunk. Was he undoing her buttons? She didn't know. Was she undoing his? She must be, if she could feel his bare chest beneath her fingertips. His pulse was racing under her hands, on fast forward like the whole room around her. She only had a vague sense of what was happening as it was happening, only barely recognizing that they were skin on skin, that the fine hairs on his legs were tickling her knees, that he growled with frustration and not a moment later she had a sense of fullness that she had almost forgotten the sensation of. Her body sent her signals to her mind that good things were happening, but she did not mentally process what they were. She simply found her body acting, thrusting her body back and forth to increase friction in places that had forgotten the delicious feeling of friction. Their voices were strange, as if from some far away part of the room, out of someone else's mouths. Although she could taste his moans and growls and gasps of her name as their mouths were rarely more than inches apart, her mind could not connect the fact that it was truly his voice, his lips pressing those words into her mouth, her lips. Nor could she realize somehow that her own voice was sighing, whispering encouragements. Although an increasingly distant memory, Lydia still sometimes thought of sex with Sirius and how at its best it was a rapturous sensation, something she could hardly imagine living all her life and never experiencing. This moment, this feeling, was not like that. For one thing, Severus had none of the finesse that Sirius's experience and natural grace had given him. In spite of the slow-motion fluidity in how Lydia experienced this moment with Severus, when it was over (remarkably quickly) and he had left her panting in the dark, covered in their sweat, she thought of how they were a bit fumbling, a bit halting. Lydia shivered, pulling the sheets back up to her chin, closing her eyes as she realized just how long it had been since someone had touched her like that, since she had last come undone. Her lips formed a smile unconsciously, and she took a deep breath, smelling the scent of potions ingredients. The last time she could smell potions ingredients in her bed, she had been a teenager waking up after Severus comforted her from a nightmare. She sat up abruptly, looking around at the room, seeing her robes on the floor in the light of the barely-risen sun. The full weight of what had just happened hit her, knocked the breath right out of her chest. Lydia blinked at those close, replayed in her mind the events of the last hour or so, and her hands began to shake. It was not a dream. The smell of her sheets, the feel of her body, the sight of her clothes on the floor… She had not dreamed this. She and Severus had sex, strange as the concept seemed to her sleepy mind. Her alarm sounded and her body tensed at the sound. She sat up, pulling her knees to her chest and shivering slightly. So strange, that not so long ago the room had felt as though it were on fire. Lydia closed her eyes and rested her chin on her knees. She and Severus had, without a word beforehand from either of them, broken a barrier they could never rebuild. She had no idea where this left them or their agreement, no idea how she was going to look him in the eye at breakfast for that matter. Toying with the idea of another shot of firewhiskey before her shower, Lydia dreaded leaving bed, and at the same time wanted to be away from reminders of her life's latest complication. A/N: Chapter is dedicated to reader Mu-Nition, whose regular proddings have gone a long way to get this chapter up! I hope you guys are all pleased with this event FINALLY happening. Don't worry, things will normalize between them soon, and she'll have other things to take her worry and attention. VERY soon. Not like, ten chapters soon. -C
"Good," Lydia said absently, watching her students produce results to the equations she had put on the board. "Very good. You're all progressing wonderfully." And they were, but Lydia could not summon her usual smile she used when she complimented her students. Her mind had been preoccupied for some time with the unspoken of event that had happened between her and Severus, of their having sex in her bed. They had spoken since then, carried on conversations, even shared a cup of tea in the staff room while alone, but they had said absolutely nothing about the event and done nothing that might lead to its repeating. "Professor," one of the Oakfoot girls said, waving her hand in the air. By the action, Lydia knew it must be Izabella. McKenzie was much more reserved than her sister. "Professor, could you explain the Starling Principle again? I don't think I understand how the couplings lead to regeneration." "That's because they don't," a Slytherin boy hissed from the back corner of the room. Lydia quirked an eyebrow at the boy and he looked up at her, sheepish and abashed, perhaps worried she would report his behavior to Severus, who was very hard on members of his house who did not behave in her classes. Not that she had the issue often, since the first few problems were punished so severely other students seemed to be afraid of angering Severus. She had wondered if he did this with all teachers, or if he had made a special effort when she began teaching. She knew, as he did, how Slytherin students could be toward new teachers, especially ones who had been in Gryffindor. "That isn't entirely true," Lydia said, smiling kindly at Izabella Oakfoot. "While they don't lead directly to regeneration, without the couplings, regeneration would not occur." She began to map out what she meant for the students on the board, explaining once more the details of the Starling Principle for Regeneration. She didn't mind being asked to show this particular principle again, as it was one of the more difficult concepts to grasp properly, and also happened to be essential for moving forward into the next years' materials. No one passed an Arithmancy O.W.L. without having a firm grasp of the Starling Principle. As she graphed out the principle and its mechanics, Lydia's mind wandered, as it had been doing recently, to the feel of Severus's skin on her skin. She thought it was strange and even a little funny how the sensation almost burned in her memory was that of the hair on his legs against her legs. She hardly had any memory at all of Sirius's leg hair, always too focused on something else, but the focus of her mind during sex with Severus had been fleeting and random, and somehow leg hair was the thing that stood out once it was over. Even stranger, she seemed to recall thinking that the hair was a good compliment to the strange cold of his skin. "Right," she sighed, turning back to the class. She hoped the burning in her cheeks was only in her mind. "Who thinks they have an idea of what to do next?" A few hands shot up and she called on a Ravenclaw boy, trying to bring her mind back to the class, away from the confusion and slightly guilty feeling that plagued her mind. If the students thought her absent and distant, they said nothing of it, seemed completely unfazed by it. When the bell rang, they gathered up their things as usual. "Don't forget to hand in your essays before you go," she said over the din. "And I want each of you to apply the Starling Principle to three equations of your choice from the last quiz to show comprehension. You'll be graded on effort. It's for me to see how well you're grasping, to find any holes in understanding. Just do your best." She watched the students file out, setting their essays on her desk as they left, and then she sighed, rubbing her temples as she looked at the daunting pile of essays on the desk. She could ignore them for the moment, set them away for the evening, or she could use her free period to begin marking them. She thought it might clear her mind, refocus her thoughts somehow, some way that might make the rest of her day a little easier. Especially with a staff meeting that evening, she wanted to be able to be in the same room as Severus without blushing like a fool the whole time. She wondered what he would think if she did blush through the whole staff meeting. He would know she was thinking of him, of course. But how would he act? How would he approach her after? Her cheeks flushed again and she shook her head as if to clear it physically, pulling McKenzie Oakfoot's essay toward her. Clearly, she had been celibate too long, if one night was going to occupy her thoughts so viciously. She hadn't thought about sex much before that night, but now it seemed to be all she could think of. Was it all Severus could think of? Not that she would ever ask, but she was curious. She managed to get through a few essays before standing and stretching, a little frustrated with how her students seemed to struggle with the idea of couplings. These things hadn't been a problem for her at their age. Granted, she had to keep reminding herself that she hadn't exactly been the average Arithmancy student, even if she wasn't ready to call herself a prodigy as so many of her coworkers named her. She opened the window and took in a deep breath of the damp air and freshly cut grass. The chill of the Scottish breeze bit at her sensitive nostrils, but it was a welcome sort of discomfort, augmented with the beautiful scent of the breeze, crisp and fresh and familiar. A knock at the door jarred Lydia out of her thoughts and she closed the window abruptly. "Come in." The door opened and there stood Severus, looking a little bit out of sorts. "I thought you would be in the staff room," he said without preamble. "But you weren't there, or in your quarters. I supposed you had to be here." He had been looking for her? Lydia felt her heart racing and she prayed silently that her cheeks were bright red once again. "I thought I'd do some marking," she said. "Before the meeting tonight. It was quiet here." Severus nodded, glancing at the mostly unfinished stack of marking. Lydia clasped her hands together to keep them from shaking and crossed to sit at her desk again. Severus, to her surprise, grabbed one of the other chairs and sat down beside her, looking a little bit nervous. "Lydia, we need to talk," he finally said as she picked up her quill to start marking again. She sighed, setting down the quill again and facing him. "Yes." One of his eyebrows twitched as she watched him as levelly as she could manage. There was a small fire in his eyes, something she had never seen before in those black eyes. Usually they were icy obsidian, unfathomable, impenetrable. But sitting there, Lydia saw them as burning coals, boring into her very soul. "I hope it wasn't…a negative experience." Lydia wanted to laugh at that, but it seemed like an inappropriate reaction to his words. She shook her head and smiled sadly. "Severus, it was a…" What word? Pleasant? Agreeable? Those were the sorts of things he might say. But somehow, they didn't quite fit, and she knew they would feel wrong in her mouth. "Beautiful," she finally said. "It was beautiful." He blinked at her, but his eyes still had that strange burn in them. "I was rather hoping," he said slowly, "that we might do it again." Lydia frowned, her eyes darting around the room, wondering if she'd heard him correctly. "Not right now," he spluttered, his face flushing pale pink. "But…in the future." Once she grasped his meaning, Lydia could feel her heart racing furiously in her chest, her mind flashing back to the feel of his fingertips on her skin, the hairs of his legs against her thighs. She swallowed. "Severus, I…. Don't you think that would make things even more complicated?" He actually did raise an eyebrow at this, and laughed a little. "Lydia," he said, almost condescendingly, "how many hundreds of times did you sleep with Black? Don't answer that," he said quickly, a brief flash of self-loathing in his eyes at the question. "My point is, you and I are not in love, and as you very well know, all the intercourse in the world cannot change something like that." He made a good point, but Lydia struggled not to giggle at the fact that he seemed unable to say sex. Lydia sat back slightly and said, "Right, how do we move forward, then?" "Do we have to have a plan?" he asked. "I may not be an expert in such matters, Lydia, but I do find that such things do happen without previous consideration." "You find?" she teased slightly, enjoying how he turned pink again. "Be honest, Severus, was that your first time?" "Not the first," he said, shrugging. She knew perfectly well from his body language that he didn't want to talk about it, and from his behavior she also had the sense that he hadn't had sex more than maybe a handful of times before being with her. Probably not relationships, probably nothing she wanted to know about anyway, but she was curious. Her earlier question of curiosity came to her mind as they stared at each other, and she could feel her own cheeks flushing under his gaze, heated once more. "I will say," he said softly, after a long moment staring tensely, "that I don't believe I have ever seen you looking more…attractive than you did while…" His words trailed off and her whole body seemed to be flushing, stunned and pleased and slightly confused. They both quickly looked away from each other and Lydia took the opportunity to clear up the essays and slip them into her bag. They walked to dinner without another word about it, and Lydia realized during dinner that her hopes that her mind would be clear once they spoke were absolutely foolish. Every time his hand brushed hers as they reached for ham, ever time his leg touched her knee under the table, her mind would flash back to their bodies intertwined. Her pulse would race, she would become confused about where she was and what she was doing, and then she would blush when she remembered herself again and she wondered if the students could see her blushing. Had it really been so long since sex with Sirius that she turned into a blushing schoolgirl once more with the first man to touch her? She felt like she had when Sirius had first touched her breast and she couldn't think of hardly anything else for weeks. She was an adult now, she had to be able to think of more than one thing. Severus certainly seemed capable. But then, he had always been better at compartmentalizing his life than she. They sat beside each other on the sofa in front of the fireplace as the teachers grabbed armchairs in the staff room for their meeting. Lydia liked sitting on the sofa, because it allowed them to be close, almost sitting physically touching without there being anything improper about it. They were the only teachers close enough for this to be nothing, and so no one said a word about it. "Very well," Albus said brightly. "Three months left. Exams on the horizon. The most critical question, of course, is if anyone needs anything to help for exam preparedness, particularly for our N.E.W.T. and O.W.L. students." Lydia was glad she had a subject that required absolutely no financial output beyond her own salary. For one thing, it was probably one way Albus had managed to procure her such a large salary. For another, she never had to quibble over remaining funds for projects that cost more than anticipated, like so many other professors had to do so frequently. This allowed her to sit quietly and wait while others made their petitions. Not all professors were as careful with their resources as Severus, obviously, who knew the price of everything and the amount required, and was only caught off his balances when prices changed, which few could predict. She really had nothing to report and nothing to ask for, so Lydia let her mind wander through the meeting, and it was only at the very end that anyone addressed her at all. "Lydia," Theia Engberg said kindly, "I was wondering, if you're not busy, whether I could have a quick word with you." Of course, Lydia was always busy, in a sense, but as nothing needed to be done right then, she figured it was better to find out what Theia wanted and deal with it now. As the other teachers filed out, going back to their marking and lives, Theia made tea for two and Lydia simply waited. "There are some things I'd like to tell you," Theia said, "that I think you'll be very interested to hear." While Lydia couldn't deny that the woman's tales were often interesting, she hardly understood why now seemed the right time for sharing stories. Still, in order to be polite and respectful, Lydia took her tea and blew across it gently. "I had a sister," Theia said, "a very long time ago now. She died maybe…more than two decades ago now." She laughed nervously. "It feels like longer, to be honest." She sighed and continued, "She had this terrible, mouthful of a Latin name, but we always called her Joy, her middle name. She got married, had a son, spoiled him rotten." Theia shivered. "He really was rotten, you know. I always thought nothing good would come of him. But I was wrong." Lydia listened, respectfully. She had the sense that whatever Theia's reasons, the woman needed to talk about this. Interrupting might disrupt her train of thought. "Decades ago he met this lovely woman, Janna." The name stirred an old memory, a smile, a laugh, the feeling of soft hair between Lydia's fingers. "A beautiful woman," Theia said with a misty expression. "He never deserved her. She was Muggle, you know. Even after she found out what he was, despite the fact that it made her nervous, she stayed, she married him. And together, they made the most beautiful little girl." Lydia felt dizzy suddenly, like the room around her was spinning slightly and she was fighting to sit still. She didn't know why, but she felt afraid, very, very afraid. "I was there for the first four years of the child's life, and I never loved anyone more. And then I went off again, working on the continent, having my reluctant adventures. I knew that their marriage was having problems. Joy would tell me from time to time, but then she died, and I heard nothing. Albus never updated me. I heard nothing until I came home to take the job at Hogwarts." Theia's eyes were brimming with unshed tears as she said, "When they told me you were orphaned, that Albus didn't even know you were orphaned until it was too late to call me back, my heart broke." Green light, screams, a gunshot. Severus's voice telling her to stay upstairs. "If I had known, I would have come home right away. I would have been here for you. I can't imagine what it must have been like, living alone in that house." Waking up screaming, sweating, crying. Nothing but emptiness and the creaking of pipes. "Your mother was a wonderful woman, Lydia. She deserved so much better." Did she really, Lydia wondered? Janna Rowe through her lot in with a terrible man, and when he showed his colors she stayed. Lydia possessed a spirit compassionate enough not to instantly say that her mother deserved such a life, but she wasn't so quick as Theia to say that she didn't deserve it. "Here," Theia said, pulling an old tea tin out of her bag, sliding it across the table to Lydia, who pulled open the lightly rusted lid with shaking hands. Dozens upon dozens of pictures, a few old rings, a lock of dark blonde hair that matched that of the small child in the pictures. Lydia couldn't recall the last time she had seen pictures of herself as a child. She had moved all the albums to her vault when preparing the house for sale, and she hadn't opened a one. There was one of a three-year-old version of herself toddling along in her grandmother's house, falling over at the end of a corridor. Lydia found the corners of her mouth tipping up on their own, and she looked up at Theia to find the image of the woman blurred and misty. "You will never know how proud I am of you," Theia said. "Of the woman you have become." Lydia wasn't sure there was much to be proud of, but she just let the tears leak onto her cheeks. As the spotted, veiny hand of the woman touched hers, Lydia thought of all the things she had in common with this woman, right down to the way they bruised and how they took their tea. She was overwhelmed with the strange, flying emotion filling her as she realized that as impossible as it seemed, this woman was family. After all this time alone, Lydia was no longer alone in the world. If someone had told her even that morning that she still had family somewhere she would have expected to feel resentful, but all she felt was the best sort of overwhelmed. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader anita03. I hope this helps to satisfy some of your eagerness for the story! Hoping to have more for you all soon! -C
Dear Lydia, No matter how many times you say it, I don't think I'll ever get used to you having a great-aunt. I wonder why Albus never told you that you two were related. Maybe she asked him not to? I can only imagine how you must feel, after so long alone. To be perfectly honest, I haven't done much of anything interesting. Work goes on as usual. I saw an article the other day about the werewolf colony in the Black Forest. They're having issues with the local government. I had a bit of an urge to write and recommend Canada, like you said so many years ago. I had thought of moving a while back, you know, but I do still have a few things here. It seems a bit daunting, picking up everything and starting a completely new life. It's been hard enough to build the one I do have. I think you know what that feels like. While I'm thinking of it, I don't think I'll be able to make our lunch next week, but perhaps we can reschedule. In order to get the days off I need later this month I'll have to switch with some people and it's looking like I won't be off next week after all. Don't worry, I'll keep you updated. Make sure you're taking care of yourself. I know you when you get deep into your work, and I can just picture you running yourself into the ground, trying to prepare your students for exams. Don't take it all on yourself, Lydia. You're their teacher, not their mother. Remember, McGonagall didn't stress herself out over our exams. She didn't coddle anyone through. It might be hard for you to step back, but I think you can do it. Thank you for the chocolate. Honeydukes always brings back the best memories. Love, Remus Lydia rolled the letter and unrolled it, smiling absently to herself as she gazed out the window at the surprisingly good weather. Yes, she was slightly annoyed that she would have to reschedule their lunch, but these things happened. It was better he was in work and rescheduled on occasion than his being out of work and going months without seeing her for shame of his condition. No, she was especially pleased that he seemed to think there were things worth staying in England for. Obviously he had a few friends from the Order left. But she was there as well. In some ways she could tell herself he was staying in England for her, even if she knew it wasn't true. She brushed out her hair, feeling the soft locks between her fingers. Lydia closed her eyes and tried to recall her mother's face with a smile on. She could recall the face, and recall the smile, but she had been struggling to put the two together. Even with the old pictures Theia had given her, it was difficult to pull up the memories without a picture in front of her. Mostly, having Theia in her life was a pleasant, positive change. Theia did not pry too deeply into Lydia's past or personal affairs, but offered up her own stories of Lydia as a child, of Lydia's mother before the wedding…. Any happy memories she could share. Lydia did have to remind herself frequently that it wasn't Theia's fault that Lydia had grown up alone after she was orphaned. After all, Lydia had opted, as Severus suggested, to tell no one, thinking that she would be taken away from Severus, who needed her, and put in some sort of children's home. She had no knowledge, no memory of a Great-Aunt Theia who loved her and cared for her. Perhaps, had Theia returned to England, Lydia's childhood would have been a happier one, but it was very likely that Lydia would have been taken out of Cokeworth, away from Lily and Severus, and there was no telling what would have become of him without her right across the street. In a way, she thought was actually rather fortuitous, because even if she'd had Theia to raise her, without Severus in her life she didn't know where she would have landed after the war. Lydia was jolted out of her thoughts as the clock chimed teatime and she hissed out loud, rushing to get ready a tray of biscuits. Severus was going to be spending tea at hers, and much of the afternoon and evening if he'd gotten much of his marking done. He would be arriving any minute, and she didn't want him to think she'd been zoning out all day. As soon as the biscuits were out and the kettle was on, Lydia stashed the letter from Remus in the workbox he had given her during the war, somewhere Severus never would think to look for anything. She hated having to hide anything from Severus, but she had long since learned that it was safer to overestimate his jealousy than to provoke a fight over something that hardly mattered and could easily hide in a corner of her bedroom undetected. She tried to ignore the whistling kettle for a moment as she ran her fingers across the top of the workbox, but the whistling only grew louder, so she sighed, stepping back into her front room, pouring out the tea with slightly shaky hands. She noticed her hands had begun to do that more and more, and most of all when she was tired. When the tea was prepared and set out, Lydia did a quick charm to keep Severus's warm while hers cooled and she settled down on the sofa, waving her wand to stoke the fire she had started earlier. It wasn't cold, exactly, but she did have a strange shiver down her spine. Anticipation, perhaps. Anticipation of exactly what, Lydia couldn't be sure. She had almost dozed off in the warm room when a knock at the door announced Severus's arrival. Shaking her head to fight away the drowsiness, Lydia hopped up and let him in. No words of greeting were necessary, and they rarely exchanged them anymore. Severus followed her in, sat down on the sofa, lifted the steaming cup of tea to his lips as Lydia rested her head on his shoulder. Just as when they were children, she marveled at how comfortable they could be with each other, in ways that they never were with anyone else. As children they had been awkward, quiet, and in Severus's case often sullen. But together everything was natural. Words were hardly necessary, and sometimes, sometimes he even smiled. After he finished his tea, while Lydia was taking one of the last sips of her own cup, Severus said, "I am pleased for you, Lydia. I think you expect me not to be, but I am truly glad that you have family, and family that care about you." "It's just Theia," Lydia reasoned, setting down her mostly-empty cup. "It's not as though I have family crawling out of the woodwork. Just one kindly old woman." "It's more than I have," Severus said, quirking an eyebrow. Lydia sighed, touching his cold hand with her fingertips. Perhaps he was jealous. It seemed that every time something good happened in her life, Remus or Severus or both wound up jealous, neither willing to say so. After all, they could be pleased for her and jealous at the same time. Like her brief jealousy of Lily's pregnancy. In a way, Lydia almost wanted to mention it to Severus, but if he didn't realize his own jealousy all that would do was upset him, and that was the last thing she wanted. So instead, she let his arm wrap around her waist as they watched the fire flicker and she listened to him talk about the essays he had been marking. "I am always disappointed," he drawled, "by how many dunderheaded essays can exist in a single stack. I suppose it is too much to ask for that they could improve their way of thinking." "Oh, I don't know that you're being fair," Lydia said, smiling at the fireplace. "I find that students have a way of rising to your expectations of them. And you walk in every year expecting nothing but a room full of stupidity." "If I expect nothing more," Severus said, "then I have the pleasant surprise when one of the students turns out to be worth the air they're breathing." Lydia simply turned her face away from him and rolled her eyes, knowing that she would never get through to him. But there was a difference between having high standards and expecting the impossible and crushing spirits of those who failed. Perhaps someday she could convince Severus to be a little kinder to his students, but she wasn't going to hold out hope. She knew him too well, knew he was very set in his ways. And anyway, from what she could tell, he could be forgiving of the Slytherins at the very least. He poured a glass of mead for each of them and Lydia sipped at her glass, feeling his long, strong fingers at her waist, holding her close against him. She wondered what had possessed him to pour the mead, but she didn't argue. The stack of grading she had sitting in her bag was enough to merit a drink on its own. "I suppose Albus has approached you about chaperoning the next Hogsmeade weekend," Severus drawled when half his glass was gone. "He already tried with me." "How did you get out of it?" Lydia teased. "I had already assigned a detention to a particularly bumbling Gryffindor first year that Minerva has allowed me graciously to administer myself." Lydia rolled her eyes. "I suppose he will ask me, then, but I have a reasonable out, even without resorting to torturing innocents." Severus snorted and said, "I hardly call someone innocent after they've destroyed their fifth cauldron of the year. Go on, then, what is your excuse?" "Oh, Albus, I couldn't possibly," Lydia said, donning the voice she used for such occasions. "I haven't even begun my marking and I still owe my editor-" "You haven't?" Lydia blinked up at Severus, who was looking at her with slight confusion. "What?" "You haven't started your marking?" "No, I haven't," she said, frowning as he pulled away and stood up. "Severus, what are you doing? Where are you going?" "I'm going to brew some potions Madam Pomfrey requested," he said, leaning down to kiss her lips tenderly. "And you are going to do your marking." "Sev-" "No arguments," he said firmly, kissing her lips once more. "You need to work at least an hour, finish as much as you see fit, and then you can come find me in my office. You can help me with the brewing." Trying something she had done more than a few times with Sirius, Lydia wrapped her arms suddenly around Severus's neck, kissing him in what she knew was his favorite fashion, with her mouth already slightly open and her hands caressing the base of his scalp. Indeed, he growled a little in his throat as her lips attempted to coax him into a series of kisses, but he pulled away, obviously more capable of holding the plot than Sirius. "An hour, Lydia," he said, his eyes flashing. "You'll thank me later." She pouted playfully as he removed her hands from his neck, but she knew she'd lost the little mini-battle. Once Severus set his mind on something, he saw it through. And anyway, she did know she needed to get a bit of work done. Her eyes flickered to the clock to check the time as he was nearing the door, and he must have seen this, because he smirked at her before closing the door behind him. Lydia downed the rest of her mead in one and shook her head in a quick motion. She rubbed her eyes as she stood, and then she went into her bedroom to gather the assignments that needed marking. Although she had given it perhaps more thought than it merited, Lydia could never decided whether she hated marking essays or problem sets more. Essays required reading and a lot of nuanced decision-making that she loathed. Problem sets required a very careful eye, tracking down errors in thought through a misplaced number or sometimes even from how the end result differed from the desired end result. Problem sets came more naturally to her, but following someone else's thoughts without their words could be more of a headache than it was worth. She had a stack of problem sets from the third year students, a smaller stack of essays from her seventh year students, and those were the assignments she would be handing back first. Realistically, she ought to do the problem sets first as she had the third years in the morning, but she wanted badly to get the essays out of the way. Then again, she reminded herself, she only had to suffer through an hour and then she could go brew with Severus and escape for a while. Neither task would be finished in the hour, so which would be less painful? Deciding on the problem sets, Lydia grabbed the larger stack and sat down at her desk with a fresh quill, pulling the first set toward her. While it was better in many ways to mark every first problem and then move on to the second one, Lydia would grow easily bored doing this, so she instead divided the stack into groups of four and did all the ones in the first stack, then the second problem and third and on down the line until the whole stack was finished. And then she moved on to the next group. As it happened, she could often practically use McKenzie Oakfoot's work as an answer key on problem sets. Not only was the girl almost always right, but her handwriting was so clear and the documentation of all her work was so extensive and precise that following her train of thought was easy, and finding where other students deviated from her work was much simpler than trying to decipher each set on its own. Lydia always started with the stack including McKenzie's work, in hopes that she wouldn't have to make a key. Someone was watching on with mercy that day, because McKenzie's work was flawless. She carefully went through two stacks using McKenzie's work as a key, marking errors and making comments. She also kept a sheet of notes for herself on each assignment, reminding herself what the students needed further help on. When she found trends, she could address the added help to the whole class, but sometimes she needed to call individuals or small groups to her office for extra help on a topic. She hated doing that, not that she minded helping her students, but because she felt that she was taking up time she and they could use better doing other things. As soon as the clock ticked away an hour, Lydia set aside her work for later and slipped a few of her brewing things from a drawer and into her bag. She felt giddy, like she had as a teenager when she would steal a few minutes from study with Lily to share a bar of chocolate with Artemis and Mary. A few students greeted her on her way down to the dungeons, but none asked her where she was going or what she was doing. She knocked sharply on the door to his office, smiling a little at the irritation in his voice when he said to enter, knowing he put on such a voice for possible students – or even Albus, who often came prying when one least wanted to deal with the man. His face softened when she entered, closing and locking the door behind her. "I see you did not get caught up in marking," he said, allowing her to kiss his lips swiftly as she pulled out her box of brewing things. "I never do," she said. "What are we working on?" "A simple sleeping draught," Severus said, pushing his version of the instructions in front of her station. "I took the liberty-" "Got it," she said, letting her eyes graze the ingredients list before she began to measure. Severus leaned over the cauldron he was stirring intricately to kiss her forehead tenderly. Lydia smiled up at him briefly before turning her attention to finely chopping the valerian root. They worked together in almost perfect synchronicity. When she finished her work with the ingredients, Severus had her measure out a pain potion he had made while she was marking into carefully dosed vials for use in the infirmary. She did her work meticulously, and then they finished up. On Severus's suggestion, she started a kettle while he went to take the freshly brewed potions to the infirmary. She was just beginning to steep the tea when he returned. Lydia glanced up at the sound of the door opening and saw him watching her from the doorway. She smiled at him, stirring a little bit of honey into his steeping tea. He licked his lower lip lightly, still not making a move toward her as he watched her stir. "What?" she asked, raising her eyebrows as he just stared. "The way you look in that light," he said softly, his voice smooth and – if Lydia dared think it – slightly breathless. "You look…delicious." She raised her eyebrows even higher as he crossed to take his tea from her, setting the cup down on the side table before kissing her left temple. Lydia held her breath to hold in a giggle she knew he wouldn't approve of before setting down her own tea, which needed to cool anyway, and he traced his cold, soft lips down her face to the pulse point under her jaw. And Lydia soon forgot about the tea.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my reader/reviewer/best friend Missing Triforce, whom I will be seeing SOON and I'm so excited. All share in my excitement. :D -C Yes, it was a Friday, and yes, it was her birthday. But the N.E.W.T. students had begged for an extra session on the theories regarding alchemical numeracy, and apparently this Friday afternoon was simply the only logical time to schedule it with all of their various activities and assignments considered. Lydia didn't strictly mind. They were good kids. So in spite of her unvoiced (and Severus's voiced) protests to working the afternoon of her birthday on her day off, Lydia resolved to enjoy the morning thoroughly before work came. He poured their tea and set down her cup to cool as she opened the present he had tossed on her lap when he came in the door. She tried not to think about the way he was looking at her, because even with all morning she knew they wouldn't have time for that sort of thing if she was going to be composed and ready to work with her students. Instead, Lydia focused on unwrapping the gift, peeling away paper to reveal the box, which was just a typical packaging box. "What did Theia give you?" Severus asked as she flipped open the box. "She baked me some cakes," Lydia said, smiling as she pulled out a book filled with the top articles on the application of Arithmancy to Potions. "And she gave me a brooch that used to belong to her sister. Sev, are you hinting at a line of research?" Lydia looked up at him with a small smile, quirking an eyebrow as he watched her hold the book with an air of satisfaction in his face. "Merely giving you something to think about," he said lazily. He slipped onto the seat beside her on the sofa and held out her tea for her. Lydia set down the book and took the tea, curling up into him as he wrapped an arm around her. "Well, thank you," she said, smiling as she pressed the too-hot teacup to her lips without drinking, feeling the steam tickle her nose. "I certainly have plenty to think about." They sat mostly in contented silence as they drank their tea, and Lydia was just about to flip through the book he had given her to find something to remark on when he kissed her jaw suddenly. "Severus," she sighed, although halfway through his name she had forgotten what it was she had intended to say to him. His long, cold fingers brushed her chin before turning her face so that he could kiss her lips. She sighed into his lips, smiling as they kissed. They had come to a comfortable rhythm in their relationship, where kissing was as natural as everything else, and when they did have sex it was all perfectly fluid, intuitive, in a way that never felt awkward or boring or even uncomfortable. She supposed that had to do with their long-standing friendship, they way that they knew each other so well that even silences were natural. His fingers began to sneak between her robes and Lydia traced her own fingers along his jawline. She always flinched at the cold of his hands on the sensitive skin of her abdomen, but he never seemed offended by this like she worried he might be, especially when she had explained it to him sheepishly after a particularly startled jump. As usual, even knowing it was coming, Lydia flinched at the feel of his icy fingertips on the flesh of her abdomen, and she hissed slightly into his mouth. Severus pulled away from her lips and began to press kisses against her throat, and she could feel his cool lips smirking against her skin. She wondered what was going through his mind, but before she could organized the words in her mind to ask, Severus nibbled slightly on the flesh of her throat. Lydia heard her own moan as though someone else, someone far away, were making the sound. "Delicious," he muttered against her skin. She hummed contentedly, half-thinking that anything she had planned on doing could be rescheduled if he would just take her to bed already. Lydia was on the verge of pulling him into her bedroom when he pulled away from her neck and said, "You're going to be late." Blinking with confusion, Lydia tried to think what she would be late for, but Severus was pressing her satchel into her hands. The study session with her students. Her cheeks flushed as she realized that she was in absolutely no state of mind to be teaching, and the smirk on Severus's lips told her that this was exactly what he had planned. "You bloody tease," she said in an uncharacteristically accusatory voice, which only made his smirk deepen. Her hand flew to her neck. "Your skin is unmarked," he said in his lowest, most dangerous voice, "but don't tempt me. If you don't leave now, I may not let you." Lydia scrunched up her mouth trying to hide her frustration, but Severus could see right through her and the amusement and self-satisfaction in his eyes was infuriating. But he did promise to come by for drinks after dinner, so she went to the study session with a slightly fuzzy mind trying to focus on anything but what they might do after drinks. If her students noticed that their professor was distracted, they said nothing and showed not obvious signs. Not that Lydia would have noticed anything that wasn't right in front of her face at that point, because it was enough of a strain on her attention to simply review the material and try not to think of the feel of Severus's breath on her neck. She also had the occasional, fleeting thought that she should find some way to get back at him, but she couldn't think of anything he wouldn't see coming. She still had a bit of time before dinner, though, when the study session ended, and Lydia went back to her quarters, feeling exhausted as she tossed her satchel aside and pulled off her outer layer. "Oh," a familiar voice said from by the fireplace, and Lydia turned quickly – a little too quickly – to see Remus standing there, blushing slightly. "I…apologize if I startled you. I expected you to be here since you don't teach Fridays, and I…." His voice trailed off awkwardly, and before Lydia could tell him why she had been out of her quarters, he thrust the parcel in his hands toward her and said, "Happy Birthday." She attempted to hide her excitement as she took the parcel from his hands, smiling. "I scheduled an extra study session with my students," she explained, motioning for him to sit. They sat across from each other. "They're a bit nervous about exams." "I can understand that," he said, smiling weakly. "I remember when the Arithmancy N.E.W.T. came for our year. You were the only person in that class not afraid of it." Lydia could not recall if this was a fair assessment, but it wouldn't be terribly surprising. With an eager nod from Remus, she began to peel away the wrapping from her gift, opening the box with trembling hands. It was just a gift from Remus, one of many he had given her over the years of their friendship, but she decided that today she was going to be bold. After all, he was in a good mood. It was her birthday. Could he really refuse her under such circumstances? Inside the box was a set of premium glass quills, part of a new experimentation with non-feather quills. She shuddered to think of what this must have cost him. "Before you say anything," he said firmly as she looked up at him, "I didn't pay full price. I know someone who knows someone who has been working on the development. Don't criticize me for wanting to share it with you." Lydia picked up one of the quills, feeling the strange balance of the thing in her hands. "They tell me," he said after clearing his throat, "that they aren't as good as feather quills for writing in cursive script yet. They're working on improving the model. But for printing and numbers, results are astonishingly good. They require cleaning and occasional maintenance, but…." He licked his lips and watched her expectantly as Lydia tried to decide what to do. She set down the quill and murmured her thanks, knowing that he had expressly gotten these for her equations. It was an exceedingly thoughtful gift, the kind Remus always gave. She smiled at him, and he smiled back. "Would you like some tea?" she said, standing. "I think I've got some chamomile if you'd like." "Lydia." "Or maybe butterbeer," she said, a little nervous at the shift in his tone of voice, a sort of warning in it. He knew what she was up to. He knew, and he was trying to stop her before she got started. "I think I've got a few bottles here somewhere." "Lydia, please." She didn't turn to look at him as he stood. Instead, she opened a cupboard and began moving around bottles of wine to find the butterbeer she thought she still had. Remus stopped a few feet behind her, and she could feel her pulse in her throat, which felt remarkably dry. "Lydia, I'm here to wish you a happy birthday, and I mean it with all my heart, but don't make this complicated." Not turning around, Lydia smiled sadly to herself. When had anything ever been simple between them? Complication was inherent in their interaction. "It's never changed," she said softly, not turning, afraid to see his eyes, afraid of what emotions she might see or not see there. "How I feel, it's never…. Remus, it's my birthday. Aren't you supposed to be nice to me and give me things I'll want on my birthday?" Even she was not convinced by the sound of her voice as she croaked out the weak joke. Remus sighed. "I am being nice," he whispered. "To both of us. That's why I'm leaving now." Lydia tensed, and he continued, "Happy birthday, Lydia. I hope…I hope you understand that there's nothing I can give you. Nothing that would do you any good." She jammed her eyes shut, waiting as she heard his footsteps retreating. The door closed behind him and she closed her hand around the bottle of butterbeer she had just found. With a deep breath, and feeling a huge wave of disappointment, fury, and frustration, she flung the bottle at the door to her bedroom. She watched it hit the wall beside the doorframe, the glass shattering and the cloyingly sweet liquid dripping on the wall, covering her floor, staining the rug no doubt. Lydia sank to the floor, pulling her knees to her chest. A painful knot in her chest and throat formed and she wanted so badly to cry, but no tears came. She just dug her nails into her thighs and shook. She had no concept of how long she sat there, but at some point someone knocked at the door. "Lydia?" Severus said on the other side of the door. Lydia murmured a response and he entered, looking around the room, concerned. "You weren't at dinner." She said nothing as his eyes scanned the room, lingering on the unwrapped gift on the table, the broken bottle and its mess, and Lydia curled up on the floor. He sat down beside her and said, "Are you hurt?" "No," she sighed. "Remus would never hurt me. I broke the bottle." "Do not lie to me, Lydia," Severus said darkly, wrapping his arm around her and letting her rest her head on his shoulder. "Lupin hurts you constantly. Just because you forgive him does not mean I have to. Go lie down. I'll clean this up and bring you some soup." Lydia nodded weakly, kissing Severus's cheek before crossing the room and crawling into bed, but as soon as her head hit the pillow, she fell asleep. She had no time to dwell on the near constant pain in her chest since Remus pushed her away. With the onset of the exam season near at hand, Lydia and all of the other teachers found themselves in a constant state of frenzy attempting to prepare their students and write their exams. The former certainly took most of the time and effort, but Lydia felt unsatisfied with her tests from the previous year, so she was taking time for both. "You are going to run yourself into the ground," Theia warned one afternoon, although her own eyes were bloodshot and she was walking with increased difficulty. "You need a break, Lydia." "I have breaks," Lydia said, although she was not being entirely truthful. Severus immersed himself more and more into torturing his students into shape the closer they came to exams, and Theia had a lot of work to do, what with writing all of her exams for the first time and preparing five years worth of practicals as well. In truth, when Lydia scheduled herself breaks, she used that time for research and reading, running equations and drafting up possible explanations of her latest corollary. She had some ideas to expand her previous theories on event prediction that she thought might make for an interesting paper. She wanted to be careful she didn't get too deep into any single section of Arithmancy, or she might be forced to write a book. That was hardly an appealing thought for Lydia. To stave off boredom and loneliness, as well as to kill two birds with one stone, Lydia had taken to doing her marking and research in her office and inviting students to drop by her office at any time for extra help and practice. Several students had taken her up on this offer, particularly O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. students, and a few anxious third years, like the Oakfoot twins. One afternoon, however, when she rubbed her eyes after finishing marking a set of seventh year essays, Dumbledore crossed the threshold into her office, smiling at her. "I see you are making yourself available to the students," he said, looking at the stack of essays. "I do hope you are making time to sleep." "Severus is the one you should be worrying about," Lydia said, raising an eyebrow. "I don't think he's been sleeping." "He hasn't," Albus said loftily, sitting down across from her. "But I assure you, Lydia, I can worry about you both at once. I know Remus visited on your birthday, but he never said how it went." A sharp stab of pain ached in Lydia's chest at she rubbed her eyes again, knowing full well that Albus knew well enough what had happened. He knew almost everything that happened in Hogwarts. No doubt he had plotted the whole thing. What did Albus think of her affair with Severus? Would he prefer she be with Remus? Was that the reason he kept letting Remus into her quarters for holidays? Was he trying to push them together? Or was he simply attempting to make up for ripping their lives apart by using their best friends to fight a war? "It went as well as can be expected," she said softly, trying not to sound too cold. "It was good to see him." And it was, until it wasn't anymore, until the inevitable happened. Was that pity in those sparkling blue eyes, or was it satisfaction? No, of course it was pity. But Lydia did not want Albus Dumbledore's pity. She wanted to have Remus. She wanted her friends alive again. She wanted to have a normal childhood with loving parents and a safe place to play and neighboring children from happy normal homes to play with. She closed her eyes tightly, suddenly dizzy from the wave of emotions making her throat tight. "Lydia," Albus said softly, "some things just take time and patience." "Yes," she said. And some things took miracles and a force of will she did not possess. But time and patience, she had those things. Perhaps he would turn out to be right and everything would be fine. Perhaps one day, Remus would be hers, he wouldn't be afraid to love her. "Is there something I can do for you, Albus?" she said finally, confident that she could speak without her voice shaking. "I just thought I would check in," he said merrily. "This is a difficult time of year for everyone and the last thing we need is collapses from stress or some such thing. Be certain you are getting your rest, Lydia." Lydia murmured that she would and watched the headmaster leave the room. Even after he had been gone a whole minute, she could not shake the feeling that he had been trying to tell her something important, something he hadn't said anything explicit about. She could no longer focus on her work and called it a night, returning to her quarters and pouring herself a glass of mead. If nothing else, she would feel a lot better knowing that Remus was at least safe and employed. She realized as she curled up in bed with her alcohol that she hadn't bothered to ask. She sighed heavily, taking a healthy swig of mead before rubbing the heel of her hand into her temple. Perhaps Albus was right. Perhaps the timing was simply wrong. She was so eager, so desperate, that she had let herself get carried away with excitement and didn't bother to think about where they were at the moment. It was the sort of mistake she might have made as a teenager. Exams were something to focus on, she told herself as she finished off her mead. When those were done, she could think about what to do next. Until then, it was only one day at a time.
Lydia watched her final set of students – the fourth years – as they scribbled away at their exams. A Hufflepuff boy in the back row kept tapping his quill against his nose and Lydia had half a mind to beg him to stop. The inkblot on his face was only growing larger. Perhaps she would mention it to him quietly before he left. She was looking forward to the end of exams that evening. Severus had hardly spent any time with her since the exam season begun, and he still owed her a bottle of her favorite mead for Gryffindor's winning the Quidditch Cup. If they won the House Cup in a few days, which looked likely, he owed her an evening of sex however she wanted it. She already had a few ideas, and she smiled to herself as she thought of them. A girl in the front row appeared frustrated to tears over one of the problems, and Lydia supposed it was probably the one about historical misapplications of the number seven. She knew that the fourth years had struggled with anything to do with history, but it was a critical thing for them to learn, as it would be on their O.W.L.s and she had no room for it in the fifth year curriculum. Perhaps she ought to give it more attention during the fourth year curriculum. Lydia stretched her legs under her desk, glancing at the clock, fighting the urge to scowl at it. The students ought to be out enjoying the sunshine, as she wanted to do, before it grew too dark to enjoy. Alas, that exams had to come during the most distracting and inconvenient time of year. Why couldn't they be in winter when no one wanted to be outside, anyway? The scratching of quills was a sound she was more than faintly glad she would not be hearing again in such volume for some time. It was one thing when she lectured over the sound. It was another thing entirely when it was the only sound in the room. The blot on the Hufflepuff boy's nose was now covering the entire left nostril. The girl in the front looked close to hyperventilating. What was Lydia supposed to do if a girl fainted during her exam? That wasn't something Albus had ever covered during staff meetings regarding exams. Surely it happened sometimes during the O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s. Lydia quietly tapped her thigh under the desk and decided on a course of action. "You have five minutes left," she said. "Finish those thoughts. Double check that you have answered every question. If you finish early, set down your quill and I will collect your exam." Mercifully, the Hufflepuff boy set down his quill very quickly after her announcement, and she went to the back of the room, conjuring him a tissue and collecting his exam. He looked at the tissue, bewildered for a moment before touching his nose. When his finger came away black he blushed, mortified, and began wiping off his nose and finger. The girl in the front row seemed to only increase her panic, however, as Lydia picked up a few more exams. She looked close to tears when Lydia crossed in front of her, and when the bell finally sounded, the girl threw down her quill in a fit of frustration and covered her face as Lydia collected her exam. "I'm sure you did fine," Lydia said gently. "Now go enjoy the sunshine and try not to think about it." The girl nodded morosely, following her classmates out as Lydia shuffled the papers into a neat stack. She would grade them in the morning. For now, she was thinking of was that she could soak up the sunshine and maintain her professorial dignity. She rested her head on the window frame, watching a few students running through the shallows of the lake. She remembered her own final days at Hogwarts, laying beside the lake, feeling the sun on her skin and watching the Marauders splash each other. What she wouldn't give to be that carefree again. "Lydia!" She turned to find Theia smiling at her from the doorway. "Just finished my last as well," Theia said, crossing the room with a pained smile and a slow shuffle. "Albus tells me I need to take more breaks, but I think—" Whatever defiant remark she had planned when unexpressed. Theia Engberg collapsed in the middle of Lydia's classroom floor, and Lydia hurried across to her great-aunt, horrified at the sight of the kindly woman's body collapsing. "Aunt Theia?" she said, checking for a pulse. It was faint, but she could feel it. "Aunt Theia, wake up, please." But nothing Lydia did accomplished anything, so she hurried into her office where a portrait of a young girl – daughter of one of the former headmasters – hung, smiling at her. "I need you to go to the infirmary," she told the portrait. "Tell Poppy that there's been an emergency in my classroom, a professor has collapsed." The girl murmured her understanding of the order and slipped out of the portrait. There was nothing Lydia could do but wait. Theia had still not come to when Poppy arrived moments later through the Floo in Lydia's office. "Oh, dear," Poppy said when she saw Theia. "Tell me what happened, dear." Lydia recounted everything she could remember, every step, every detail of posture, anything that might be relevant. Poppy nodded, taking note of everything before she said, "I'll take her to the infirmary and see what I can do for her." Watching Poppy levitate Theia out of the room was surreal, and Lydia sat on the cold stone floor once she was alone, feeling a strange pain in her chest that felt familiar, but something she couldn't quite name. She took deep, calming breaths, and tried to think about the exams she had to grade instead of her ailing relative. After all, Theia had been working herself very hard. It was probably nothing, lack of sleep and proper nutrition, perhaps. An abundance of stress. Lydia was called in to the infirmary twice over the next week, every time Theia was conscious. Theia would ask for Lydia. Lydia would be brought in. Theia would put on a show of being fine, simply tired, and then when she fell asleep while Lydia told her about the marking of her exams or her latest breakthrough on some of her theories, Lydia would leave again with assurances to be called back in whenever Theia was conscious. Sitting in the scarlet-and-gold clad Great Hall didn't feel as good as it should have. Theia's empty seat at the high table distracted Lydia from how proud she was of the Gryffindors, how pleased she was at winning her bet with Severus. How could everyone else be so normal? How could Albus smile like that? How could Minerva enjoy her House's victory over Ravenclaw? Almost as soon as the feast was over, Poppy entered the Great Hall and hurried up to the high table. Lydia held her breath as Poppy leaned over the table, saying something discretely to Albus. Severus took Lydia's hand and squeezed it under the table. He squeezed it again, harder, when Albus stood and motioned for Lydia to follow. "Come with me, Severus," she whispered. "It would not be appropriate," he began slowly. "Please," she whispered. "Please, I can't be alone this time." Severus pursed his lips and nodded, following her and Albus out of the Great Hall, up the stairs, and to the infirmary, where Poppy ushered them toward the cot that held Theia Engberg. She looked so peaceful, eyes closed, lips slightly parted, her frail and spotted hand resting atop the blankets that draped her torso. Sleeping, perhaps. Maybe dreaming of the sunshine. Lydia felt the urge to gently nudge Theia awake again, but she knew it would be impossible. "I will contact the Ministry," Albus said softly, leaning over Theia's face and frowning. "They'll be able to handle her will very quickly. She only has one beneficiary." One beneficiary. Lydia knew he meant that she had just inherited whatever worldly goods her aunt had owned. She inched forward, but Severus stood in the doorway, staying clear of the corpse. Perhaps he was sick of bodies. Perhaps he felt Lydia needed space. Perhaps he simply felt he did not belong there. "Let me know if you need anything," Poppy said gently to Lydia, who sat down and took Theia's hand. "I have to fill out a certificate." Lydia nodded and continued to look at the peaceful, kind face of her aunt. She never looked at it properly before, and now there were creases, spots, folds that she had never noticed. She should have paid better attention, should have memorized Theia's face while she had the chance. Albus placed a hand on Lydia's shoulder and said, "She died peacefully, Lydia. In her sleep. We knew her time was near, and even if she hadn't pushed herself so hard in this last month, she would have died within the next six months anyway." "She never told me," Lydia whispered, caressing the soft, saggy skin of her aunt's hand. "She didn't want to upset you." Albus excused himself and Lydia heard Severus come further into the room as she watched her aunt's face. "I didn't get a chance to say goodbye," she said softly. "The first time it wasn't a complete shock, and I still didn't have a chance to say goodbye." Severus sat down across from her and she looked up at his unfathomable black eyes. She knew he understood her frustration, but she doubted he knew the wave of fury rising up in her chest. For the first time she would have had a chance to know someone was dying before they were truly gone, not simply discover a body or be told of the death after it happened. For the first time, she would have had proper closure. But to protect her from more pain, no one told her. "I should have seen it coming, shouldn't I?" she choked out when Severus said nothing. "I should have realized. She was so old, so frail…. Nobody lasts more than a year in this job." "They don't all die," Severus said quickly, but she ignored him. "I should have realized when she collapsed," Lydia said, ignoring the blurring of her vision at the corners. "I should have started preparing myself. I should have said my goodbyes when she had a conscious moment. God, I've done it again. I didn't…. I…." Lydia wiped her eyes, dropped her aunt's hand, and paced across to a window, gazing out at the night sky. Severus was still and silent for a long moment, letting her compose herself again. Then he followed her, resting a hand on her shoulder gently, his long fingers cold even through the fabric of her robes and shirt. "She loved you very much," his low, smooth voice said just above her ear. "She would never have accepted your goodbyes. She didn't want to hurt you, to let you think she was dying." Lydia nodded, resting her face against Severus's shoulder, feeling his arm snake around her shoulders to hold her closer to him. She didn't want to leave in the morning. She didn't want to be alone again. As though he read her mind, Severus whispered after several minutes of silence, "Come with me tomorrow, Lydia." "Come with you where?" "Spinner's End," he said softly. She shivered against his chest. "You don't want to be alone, and I don't want to wonder how you're sleeping. Stay with me this summer, Lydia." He pressed a kiss to her temple. "I'll make it worth your while." Her lips twitched into a small smile in spite of herself. She did like the idea of spending the summer with Severus, but what if Remus came looking for her at her flat to apologize? Not that he would show up in the middle of the night or think anything strange about her visiting Severus, but…. "Alright," she whispered, smiling up at him. "When do we leave?" Severus arranged to meet Lydia in her quarters to Floo to Spinner's End just before lunchtime, which gave her enough time to finish her packing. She had been putting it off, and she still had several books to put in her trunk. At half past ten, someone knocked on the door to her quarters and she frowned. Severus said he would be rearranging some pickled organs in his office. He shouldn't be done yet. "C'min," she called, brushing a bit of hair out of her face as she straightened up, her hand automatically going to her sore back. She really shouldn't do all her packing at once. To her surprise, Albus entered a moment later, smiling sadly at her trunk, then at her face. "There won't be a formal reading of the will," Albus said, "as you are the only beneficiary. I have a copy, and the contents of her Gringotts vault will be transferred to yours. She had a small house in Yorkshire—" "Thank you, I'll be selling it," Lydia said quickly, forcing a smile. "Anything else, Albus?" His sad smile turned to a frown as he said, "Severus tells me the two of you will be spending your summer holiday in Cokeworth. Are you sure that is wise, Lydia?" "Whatever do you mean?" she asked loftily, taking the copy of the will from him and sticking it in her satchel without even opening it. "I have been trying to convince him to sell that house since he was hired," Albus said darkly. "The pair of you are constantly surrounded by memories often enough. I can't imagine Spinner's End holds any happy ones." Lydia raised an eyebrow and said, "Perhaps not, Albus. But it is home." "Not your home." "As good as," she sighed. "It's the closest thing I have left." Albus took a step forward and said, "Lydia, I know it can be tempting to lose yourself in memories, even unhappy ones. Perhaps especially unhappy ones. But there comes a time when it is best to let go." She closed her eyes, still able to see a flash of eerie green light, blood dripping off Mary's pale toes, the look on Petunia's horse-face as Lydia begged to just see her best friends' son. "Maybe so," she said, opening her eyes and looking up into Albus's eyes. "But it's not time yet. Good day, Albus. I'll see you in September." His blue eyes searched her face for a moment before he nodded and took his leave without another word, without so much as a goodbye. With gritted teeth, Lydia haphazardly tossed the rest of her things into her trunk and steadied herself in the time she had left before meeting with Severus. She arrived with her trunk at his office right on time and he smiled tightly at her. "You have everything?" he asked. "I only arrange for the Floo connection to be open twice a year for several hours apiece, so be certain you haven't forgotten something." "I haven't," Lydia said with a smile. "I triple checked. Let's go, Sev." He pressed his pale lips to her cheek for a moment and said, "I'll go through first, then. You know the way." She watched him toss powder into the flames, watched the flames burn emerald. He took a handful of powder and stepped into the flames, holding his trunk tightly with one hand. "Spinner's End," he said precisely, tossing the powder down to the bottom of the grate, and she watched him and his trunk vanish. Seeing people vanish into a fireplace never got easier. Lydia pulled her own trunk toward the emerald flames. She grabbed a handful of powder and stood as Severus had done, clearing her throat before saying as clearly as possible, "Spinner's End," and dropping the powder into the flames as he had done. When she opened her eyes after the disconcerting flurry of motion and grates, she was stumbling out into the sitting room of Spinner's End. Severus was waiting for her, grabbing her elbow to steady her. "Why don't you go to the kitchen while I put your trunk away?" he said firmly, his face saying quite plainly that he would not take any argument on the matter. Lydia agreed, going downstairs to the kitchen while he levitated her trunk down the hall to what she remembered to be his parents' bedroom. She raised an amused eyebrow as she went, wondering if he actually expected them to share a room. When he joined her in the kitchen, she had put the kettle on and was sitting down to wait for him. "I've put you in my parents' room," he said, kissing the top of her head. "I'll be in my old room if you need anything." "You're still in that old room?" she asked, wrinkling her nose slightly at the few memories she had of his childhood room. "I have redecorated," he said, frowning as she poured the tea. "There are only two rooms in the house, and I don't recall you moving into the master bedroom when you were alone." Lydia nodded, understanding. He didn't want to sleep in a room where his parents had slept, fought, maybe even conceived him. For all she knew, it was where he'd killed them. His childhood bedroom had bad memories, but they were his memories, not the phantoms of someone else's unhappy life. "I have tried to make the room comfortable for you, but if you require anything, let me know," he said. "I'm sure it will be perfect, Sev," she said, squeezing his hand as she waited for her tea to cool. He scowled his disbelief at her word choice, but she didn't mind. Whatever Severus or Dumbledore thought, it was enough for her just to be back in Cokeworth, to be home.
Lydia thought it was almost too easy to fall into a rhythm with Severus at Spinner's End. She pulled her knees to her chest as he scribbled out changes to his lesson plans based on updates in accepted practices in Potions. She felt a bit strange, watching the family across the street, the family inhabiting the house that used to be hers. "They look happy," she said softly, more to the room at large than Severus in particular. "Hmm?" "The people across the way," she whispered, watching a girl of about six tumble over her feet, much to the joy of her younger siblings. "They look…happy." Severus snorted, but Lydia ignored him, watching a small child with curly blonde hair pick up the hose with an expression of wonder. She guessed that the child was three or four years old. Harry would be four soon. Lydia closed her eyes, resting her head on the window frame and wondering if he ever made that face. She wondered if his cheeks were still so chubby, if his fingers had worked out how to hold a spoon without his mother's patient care. He couldn't be happy, not with Petunia and Vernon raising him, but perhaps he would be alright. "Lydia, could you pass me the parchment?" "Hmm?" She opened her eyes to turn and find Severus watching her, gesturing to the parchment at the far end of the table, near her ankles. "Ah," she murmured. "Right, one second." She picked up the entire stack and passed it to Severus, debating with herself whether she should go back to watching the children play or actually get to work. With a sigh, without turning around, she pulled the cord to close the blinds and crossed to the table. "You'd better be turning on the light," Severus said, scowling. Lydia clicked her teeth together, half annoyed, half amused as she reached over to the lamp and turned it on. Severus blinked as the light came on, looking very much like a cat displeased at its slumber being disturbed. She swallowed a laugh and crossed to sit beside him, resting her head on his shoulder as he worked. "Ugh," she muttered, frowning as she picked up the first year lesson plan he had finished while she was at the window. "Swelling solution the first day? Sev, this is terrible." "I don't believe in coddling the students at any stage," he said sternly, which she was sure was some kind of hint that she did coddle her students. And what if she did? Lydia really didn't care if she coddled her students, as long as they passed their tests and came away understanding Arithmancy. She knew it was different, that mistakes in Potions were usually much more dangerous than in Airthmancy, but she still saw no need to instill terror so long as the students had a healthy respect of what they were doing. She knew he simply enjoyed having the students be afraid of him, the only sort of power Severus really understood. "Have you heard back from Albus?" she asked. "He's hired someone else," Severus said curtly. Ah, that explained it, Lydia thought, raising her eyebrows. She excused herself to the kitchen, where she began looking for ingredients, pots and pans, and that damned packet of cocoa powder she'd been saving just in case this happened. Eventually, she knew, Albus would have to hire Severus for the Defense Against the Dark Arts position. It was only a matter of time before the supposed curse on the job would scare of every sane person, and then the insane as well, and Severus would be the only person left who wanted the job. She licked her finger as she finished stirring the ingredients, running her wand along the pan to solidify the gooey contents. She frowned. Lydia had never managed to get the fudge just right, but it was as close as it would ever be. She carefully cut two large pieces and set them on a plate. Then she carried the plate back in to where Severus was frowning down at the third year plans he was amending. "What's that?" he asked without looking up, obviously smelling the fudge. Lydia said nothing, trying not to smile as she sat down beside him. She broke off a piece of fudge from one of the large pieces with her thumb and forefinger and held it up to his lips, raising an eyebrow. Severus looked down at the fudge and raised his eyebrows back at her, letting his eyes slip up to her eyes as she gently pressed the fudge against his lips. At first he just stared at her, hands still on parchment and quill as she pressed the sweet at his mouth. After a moment, though, a long moment, he let his lips wrap around the piece, around the tips of her finger and thumb. She let his tongue caress her fingers, knowing full well he only did it to try to increase the heat of the situation. Lydia, though, had other things in mind, pulling her fingers away from his lips. Severus copied her action, breaking off a piece of fudge from the full piece and offering up for her to eat from his fingers. Lydia leaned forward slightly, taking the fudge from his fingers with her teeth, then quickly retreating as his eyes lit up with frustration and desire. "Finish your work," she said firmly, placing her hands on his chest as he leaned forward to kiss her. "Then we have to do our lists." "Lists?" he said, confused, frustrated, trying to reach her neck with his lips. She smirked, trying not to let him ruin her focus. "Book lists," she said, pushing on his chest a little more firmly, fighting a giggle as he growled with frustration when his lips left her neck. "They're due in to Albus in the morning. I can't believe you've forgotten." She set the fudge plate on the table and left the room as slowly as she could without making it look unnatural and she covered her mouth just outside the room to fight more giggles when he called after her, "Damn you, Lydia!" Still, she had never known him to work so quickly. Perhaps she saved his students from extra essays and slightly more difficult potions, because it was the only explanation for how quickly he went through years four through seven. "Book lists," he grumbled, finding her in the kitchen, holding up a blank bit of parchment and a quill. "Let's get this over with. Are you keeping the same books?" "Yes, mostly," she said, watching him begin to scribble out the letter to Albus. "I do need to add a book for my N.E.W.T. students, unfortunately." "What's that?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. She tried not to smile as she reached into the bag at her feet and grabbed the book on top. Her fingers gripped it almost painfully tight as she set it on the table. She slid it toward him and his eyes widened as they took in the cover. "The Essential Collected Theorems and Corollaries of Lydia Rowe," he read, opening the cover to flip a few pages in and stare at the title page. "Edited by the pig at your publisher's office, I see." "Saved me from having to do it," she said, shrugging. He was running his fingertips across the title page, his lips slightly parted as he took in this development. "Why didn't you tell me?" he asked. "I honestly wasn't sure if the project would ever be finished," she said, laughing nervously. "They had financial issues that almost stopped it about six times. You don't think it's too…conceited, do you, assigning my own work as required reading?" Severus snorted and said, "Hardly. What better text is there to cover the greatest developments in the field in the last decade?" Lydia shrugged, looking down at the book as he began scribbling the information Albus needed to add it to the book list. He was right, of course, but it didn't make her feel any less awkward about the whole thing. She then took the book and closed it, knowing he would already have seen that she had signed and written a note for him in the copy. He would put it in his library later, she was certain. No need to say any more about it. "Are you keeping the same books, then?" she asked, desperate to change the topic. "Oh, yes," Severus said. "But I do need Albus to order more classroom copies of the beginning text. The dunderheads keep destroying them and destroying their own copies. How students can manage to destroy so many books is beyond my ability to understand." She smirked and said, "That's impressive." "Hmm?" "There's so very little beyond your ability to understand," she clarified, and he looked up from the letter with questioning eyes. "Oh, come, Sev, you've always been intelligent, perceptive…. It's what kept you alive in the war." He raised an eyebrow before turning back to the letter and saying, "Well, I suppose the same could be said for you." Lydia frowned, turning her back to Severus as he scrawled the rest of the note. She hadn't survived because of any great skill. She survived because Sirius wanted her to survive, because he kept her in a box. And perhaps he would have killed her, if he hadn't been caught for killing Peter. She closed her eyes, able to draw up an image of his face during their fights, aggressive and gaining on her, with almost disturbing ease. She broke a bit of fudge out of the pan, eating it almost absently while he finished the letter to Albus. No doubt Albus would be unsurprised to receive one letter from the pair of them, but she could only imagine what disapproval he would feel at her choices. Had he tried to talk Severus out of taking her to Spinner's End, or had he simply tried to exert his influence on Lydia? And if she hadn't come, what would Severus be doing now that he had been denied the job he wanted once more? Sulking, no doubt. "There," Severus muttered, setting down the quill. "I'll post this. Will you make some tea?" Lydia made an affirmative sound as he left the room. She put the kettle on and grabbed their cups from his cupboard, the only two cups they had ever used since they graduated Hogwarts. Hers had a light blue pattern, and his was a plain white, incredibly thin cup. She tossed a few bags into the teapot and pulled out the honey and a spoon for Severus. The sound of his footsteps reentering the room caused her to turn around to find him considering her, his eyes grazing her figure. He didn't look at her like that very often, and when he did she found her stomach tightening with nerves. She froze, worried that if she moved even an inch she might break his concentration, like he was on the verge of realizing something and if they stood there long enough, motionless, he would make a breakthrough. Something was on his mind, but he never told her what it was when he finally did move again. This time, he crossed the room in three swift strides and wrapped his arms around her waist. She expected him to kiss her, but he simply looked at her, his eyes darting this way and that across her face until finally she grew impatient and rolled onto the balls of her feet, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. His face didn't respond, but his fingers tightened on her back. Lydia pressed several kisses onto his mouth before Severus's lips began to kiss back, eagerly responding to each touch. She could still taste the chocolate of the fudge on his breath as their lips opened just a touch. Lydia smiled into the kiss, pleased that she had succeeded in distracting him from dark thoughts of how he had failed to get the position he wanted once again. Work seemed the last thing on Severus's mind as he began to trace kisses down her jaw. Lydia leaned her head back, giving him easier access to her neck. His lips always seemed warmer after a few minutes of kissing, but against her flushed skin they were still eerily cold. He surprised and confused her when he backed away from the kisses, but he took her hand and she followed him upstairs, letting him lead her for the first time since they'd come to Spinner's End into his bedroom. It looked different from childhood, the few posters he'd had gone, the walls completely bare. The creaky bed he'd slept on in school was replaced with a reasonably comfortable-looking queen bed, right in the center of the room. A few books rested on the bedside table, and a lamp. The wardrobe was small but serviceable, right in front of the window, blocking about two thirds of the sunlight, and blocking the bed from view of the street. "I see you never bothered putting in curtains," she said, sitting down on the foot of the bed and looking around. He'd fixed the crack in the ceiling, the one he'd never felt comfortable telling her how it got there. "What would be the point?" he muttered, brushing her hair back over her shoulder as the door swung closed behind them. "They're east facing windows." "Explains why you're always up at the crack of dawn," she teased as he began pressing kisses down her neck. Her eyes still searched the room, taking in the taupe sheets, the nearly flat pillow, the grayish carpet beneath their toes. As his lips reached her collarbone and continued downward to the neckline of her dress, however, she found it increasingly difficult to form coherent thoughts about the room. Lydia felt his fingertips tracing up from her knees and she pulled away from him long enough to pull off her dress. It hadn't even reached the floor yet when Severus began to hungrily kiss from her collarbone down to her breasts. She shifted, shuffling back on the bed toward the headboard, and he followed her eagerly until he had rolled on top of her, crawling toward her between her parted legs. He surprised her by rapidly throwing his hand onto the pillow as she was lowering her head back. Severus's eyes had a surprising burn to them as he sat up slightly, pulling off his shirt. Lydia could feel her heart pounding against her ribs as she traced her fingers up his sides, ignoring the marks of malnutrition from youth, marks she herself still bore. He ignored hers, she ignored his. There was enough she liked about his body to help her ignore the things she didn't, like the scars and marks, and the fading black scull on his forearm. She'd had years of ignoring scars from being with Sirius, but nothing had prepared her for the Dark Mark. To avoid looking at it, Lydia traced her fingers up his chest, watching his face twitch as her fingers reached his collarbone, tracing along the hollow of his throat. He placed a hand on her abdomen and she felt her stomach contract at the cold touch. She sighed, and an odd shiver passed over his face. Lydia sat up slightly as he began to peel off the rest of his clothes quickly, turning away from her to do this, perhaps to cover the twitch of his face. She took the opportunity to sit up and unhook her bra, something he sometimes struggled doing. When he turned back to see her whole torso bared she was surprised to see him absently lick his lips, quickly leaning down to cover her breasts with his mouth. Lydia sighed again as his tongue began to flick against her sink, and she wrapped her legs almost reflexively around his hips, pulling him closer to her body. Technically it was only the late afternoon, but Lydia closed her eyes in rapture and soon forgot about the light streaming through the top third of the second story window. She lost track of time altogether as their bodies melded and mashed together hungrily. Losing herself in the feeling of fullness came easily, and there was something natural and comfortable about the warmth that came from feeling desired. For the first time, Severus spoke during their coupling. When his thrusts were slow he muttered a stream of hoarse, barely audible swear words, and when he came he actually groaned out her name with such deep, guttural cry that Lydia was startled and impassioned by the sound. She closed her eyes as he collapsed on top of her, placing kiss after kiss after kiss on her sweat-soaked skin. Her fingers traced his upper arm as he hummed against her skin. He was right, of course, when he had said that she had grown used to having someone to lay beside while she was with Sirius. She felt more complete when she had Severus holding her like this. Perhaps it was a weakness, but it was one she didn't mind. Severus lifted his head and met her eyes, resting his chin between her breasts. "Are you cold?" he asked. "I often keep the room cold." "A little cool," she admitted. "It's probably the sweat drying." To her mild surprise, Severus grabbed his wand from the bedside table and conjured a blanket that wrapped around their bodies like a cocoon. She licked her lips as he shifted so that their faces were level, his forehead pressed to hers. "If I have not been as attentive as you perhaps anticipated," he said softly, "it is because this house…." Lydia nodded, understanding his hesitation about having sex in the house that held so many negative memories for both of them. Hopefully, though, they managed to purge the house a little bit. She pressed her lips to his and felt the strange coolness of his skin as she ran her fingers gently down his back. Always more memories to purge.
A/N: Ah, I see how to get reviews/response out of y'all. Sex scenes. ;) I'll keep that in mind. Sorry, no sex in this chapter. Maybe sometime soon. I think I'll hold you in suspense. This chapter is dedicated to new reader/reviewer Annathebooklover. Thanks for your support, Anna. And a big thank you to all the regulars. While I'm blown away to how close to 350 reviews I am, I can't help but think that if more of you people following this story left regular reviews we'd have blitzed that a long time ago. You can consider yourself kindly nudged. You know who you are. I don't. I don't keep a list and keep track of your reviews, although I have been tempted. -C Nothing about Severus and Lydia doing shopping together was odd. They had been regularly dropping by Flourish and Blotts or the apothecary for things they needed. Their back-to-school shopping was no different, and the shopkeepers greeted them without any special, knowing smiles. As far as anyone in Diagon Alley was concerned Lydia and Severus were very good friends and colleagues, the same as they had always been. There was no hint in the apothecary's eyes that he knew what they sometimes got up to when the mood took them. "That's half my list done," Lydia said, walking beside him. While she felt comfortable walking arm in arm with him at Hogwarts at night, after students had gone to bed, she did not feel wrong about walking next to him with no physical contact. Both were equally natural, and she was actually pleased that he had no desire for public affection. Sometimes when she walked on Sirius's arm she had felt like a possession, and she didn't like the way people would look at her, like they were appraising Sirius's status by what they thought of her. "You don't honestly expect me to go to that ridiculous ice cream parlor with you, do you?" Severus said, frowning as a few of his young students scampered by, obviously afraid of seeing him in public. Lydia felt faintly grateful that he couldn't take off points for running in Diagon Alley and said, "Now, you know I would never do that to you. But maybe we should get some more ink…." He raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. He knew how much ink she went through in the course of her work. They went to take care of their stationary needs, and Lydia tried not to miss saying hello to any of her students. Severus simply sneered at any of his students, scaring them away before any words could be exchanged. "It's your fault," she teased after they'd made their purchases. "I told you if we put it off until this week there would be students everywhere. We should have come before they mailed the letters." "My shopping list was not finalized until yesterday," he said, scowling as a few third year students of his paled at the sight of him passing. "You know perfectly well that I could not have come earlier." Lydia shrugged, pausing to look at a set of chopping knives for potions that looked fairly nice. Severus let out a sound of annoyance as he realized she was stopping yet again to look at things. She had barely begun to look at the knives before he told her all the reasons why they were hardly worth the price asked for them and dragged her on to their next stop. The rest of their shopping went on in much the same way, Lydia pausing to look at things that weren't on her list and Severus getting tetchy about it, attempting to keep her on task, reminding her that they hardly had the time to become distracted by baubles, as he called everything she paused for. "What's the point in making a list if you're going to stop to look at every little thing?" he grumbled when they neared the end of her list. "What's the point of shopping if you don't browse a little?" Lydia countered. "You never know what you might get use of until you know it exists." "You don't need a new broomstick, Lydia." "Of course not," she sighed, paying for the books she had selected at Flourish and Blotts. Seeing her work on the shelves was very surreal, and a few people had pointed at her as she and Severus shopped. "But I like to keep an eye on the models and prices. I don't fly as often as I would like, and if a reasonable model comes up I might like to get a new one." Her last broom she had sold to help with finances when she was moving out of Sirius's house, not that she would have wanted all the reminders that came with that broom. "What do you have left?" she asked, knowing that they had only done a few items off his list. "Nothing I want you helping with," he said, frowning slightly. "Why don't you go back to Spinner's End and make tea or something while I finish up?" Lydia raised her eyebrows, questioning, but he just let his eyes dart toward Knockturn Alley and she understood. Certain ingredients and tools for Potions could be found nowhere else in England. She scrunched her nose, but nodded and said, "Hurry back, will you?" Severus nodded, breaking off on his own without a word. Lydia watched him until he was no longer in sight and then she held her shopping bags a bit tighter before turning on her heel, Disapparating to an alleyway just up the street from Spinner's End. She let herself into the house with her key and had just set down her bags when she heard the insistent tapping of a beak on glass. "Oh, for goodness sake," she hissed, crossing to let in the irritated owl. "What on earth is it?" She took the letter, surprised with the owl took off in a flurry. She hadn't even looked at the handwriting on the outside of the letter and the bird was gone. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw her name carefully written on the outside of the letter, a familiar, measured hand. Remus. Lydia took a deep breath and put the kettle on before sitting down and opening the letter with shaking hands. She had wondered what would happen if she didn't write him before she took off for Cokeworth, but she hadn't allowed herself to dwell on it. Severus hadn't allowed her to dwell either, and she and Severus had made quite an effort to make certain that neither of them had too much time to ponder. She flipped open the folds of the letter and began to read with eager eyes. Lydia, I wish you would have told me you wouldn't be around. I went by your flat every day for three days straight before I started to get worried and contacted Albus. He told you that you and Severus decided to take a vacation together. Naturally, I was surprised, but I'm glad for you. It's healthy for both of you to take some proper time off, get away from the past, from routine. You're somewhere nice, I hope? Somewhere warm? I remember how Sirius used to talk about taking you to the south of France on holiday when the war was over. If that's not where you are, you should go sometime. I bet it's lovely this time of year. Let me know when you get back and perhaps we can get lunch or drinks. Make sure Severus doesn't keep you from having fun. He's allergic to it, as I recall, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself. At any rate, I got a copy of your book. I wish you would have told me you were publishing a book! I've been reading through the book and I'm astonished all over again at how brilliant you are. I only hope that your students will be sufficiently impressed by how illustrious their professor is. And Lydia, I wanted to apologize for how brusque I was on your birthday. I have thought of my behavior constantly, and while I don't apologize for leaving, I do apologize for how harsh I was. There was no need for me to treat you so bluntly on your birthday, and nothing would have been lost for humoring you a bit. I hope you can forgive me. -Remus Lydia felt a pain in her chest as she reread the words at the end. Leave it to Albus to let Remus believe that she and Severus had gone away somewhere for holiday, to withhold the bulk of the truth. Before she realized what was happening, she put a hand to her cheek to feel tears on her skin. She almost laughed that she couldn't find any tears when she was so upset on her birthday, and yet here she was, after a perfectly pleasant day, and all she'd done was read a mediocre apology and tears were flowing. She heard the front door opening and she desperately tried to wipe her eyes, hurrying to make tea, not even bothering to hide the letter in her sudden rush of anxiety as Severus entered the kitchen. "Did you get everything?" she asked, internally cringing at the artificial sound of her own voice. Severus frowned as she turned toward him. She set down the fresh made tea on the table and tried to hide her face, but he put his hand under her chin and forced her to look up at him. A cool thumb traced under her left eye, feeling the heat of what she knew was puffy, red skin. "What happened?" he demanded. "Sev—" He narrowed his eyes and his eyes fell on the letter. Lydia closed her eyes, sinking into the nearest chair as he read Remus's letter. She could feel herself beginning to cry again as Severus snorted after about a minute of silence. She buried her face in her hands and tried to stop, but it did not good, and she sat like that until she heard the sound of ripping parchment. "What are you doing?" she said, breathless. She looked up at him in horror as he ripped the letter into thin strips and let them drop to the table. Before he said a word, though, he waved his wand and the pieces burst into flame. Lydia begged him to stop, but his flames were always abnormally quick. Nothing was left but ashes in a matter of seconds. "Not in my home," he snarled. "If that filth wants to hurt you, he's not doing it here." "I wanted to keep that," she gasped, feeling the stinging of her eyes, the choking sensation at her throat. He shook his head and said, "No, Lydia. If you want to keep putting yourself through this, you're going to have to do it on your own. I am not letting you do this." She clenched her fists under the table, wanting to throw something, to scream at him, to tell him that she was going to leave and that she never wanted to see him again. But she knew that she didn't mean any of it, that she needed Severus, that he really thought he was helping her. She struggled to control her tears, to control her anger and pain. She didn't know if she was more upset with Severus or Remus or herself, and the whole room seemed to spin. There was the sound of an explosion, sparks out of the corner of her eye, and then Lydia lost consciousness. She awoke in her bed in the master bedroom, tucked in and with something that smelled like burn paste on her face. The toaster had exploded, because of an overflowing of accidental magic Lydia hadn't had since she was a small child. While she knew they both had so much still to say to each other, they had still not spoken several days later when they went to bed, knowing that in the morning they would be returning to Hogwarts to prepare for the start of term. As soon as they got to the castle, though, Severus asked if she would want to have tea with him that evening, and Lydia said that of course she would, and they went their separate ways. Lydia unpacked in near-silence, still wondering if she shouldn't say something to Severus. But what? An apology? Thanks? Some sort of expression of how angry she still was? She didn't know what good any of it would do. Someone knocked at the door and Lydia called for whomever it was to enter, almost hoping it wasn't Severus. "Minerva," she said, puzzled and relieved to find her former teacher standing in the doorway. "What brings you here?" "I thought perhaps you would like some help unpacking," Minerva said, glancing around the room. "I saw Severus scowling at a teacup in the staff room, and I figured I might as well offer my services." "It's not strictly necessary. I pack very light." Lydia did not argue as Minerva began taking books that had congregated in a pile on the floor, arranging them neatly on the bookshelf. Instead, Lydia smiled to herself and turned back to the papers she was unloading from her trunk, setting them in their separated piles on her desk. "Your year was always of particular interest with the staff, you know," Minerva said, and Lydia frowned, not really sure what she meant. "Oh, generally we paid no interest to student gossip and drama and relationship. Some years the Head Boy and Girl date and then everyone in the staff takes interest, but usually we ignore all those things. But your year, we talked about you all constantly." Raising her eyebrows and unfolding some robes from her trunk, Lydia said, "I suppose the Marauders were always a very interesting subject of information." "They were," Minerva said haltingly. "Although, you and Lily and Severus were spoken of even more frequently." Lydia's hands froze over her trunk as Minerva continued, "Once Lily and Severus were no longer speaking Horace and I would make bets every time you and Severus spoke to each other in public on how long it would be until the next time." Lydia turned to see Minerva smiling as she carefully arranged books. "Really?" Lydia asked, puzzled. "I mean… I always thought Slughorn didn't care for me much." "Of course he didn't," Minerva said, actually twitching her lips into a sort of smirk. "He lost almost every bet because I was much better at deciding how you would act than he was. After all, anyone with any attention to detail would know that it was always your wishes that determined whether you or not Severus would start speaking again." Lydia realized what Minerva was trying to do. She was trying to bring the conversation around to Severus's sour expressions, to figure out what sort of fight they'd had. Perhaps she was trying to persuade Lydia one way or another on how to treat Severus. Perhaps there was some truth in their reconciliations usually being determined on when Lydia was ready to talk again. She didn't feel that there needed to be any significance attached to it, but that was beside the point. "Well, I'm glad you won," Lydia said slowly, attempting to be diplomatic. Yes, she hadn't been invited, but Minerva was helping with the unpacking process. "I would never have expected you as the gambling type." "I'm usually not," Minerva said, turning back to the bookshelf. "However, I never saw the harm in taking advantage of an opportunity to use Horace's vices against him. Even men as careful as Horace should not win at everything in life." "Perhaps especially men that careful." "You know," Minerva said, setting the last of the books on the shelf. She turned and gave Lydia a sad smile. "Horace may not have been the most attentive or kind teacher, but he was a good man on the whole. He might have preferred running away to standing, but when there was nowhere to run he would do the right thing." Lydia did not have to ask what Minerva meant by that. The unspoken words were clear in enough in tone and expression: Horace Slughorn was many things, but he could never be accused of being Dark. Unlike a certain other Potions Master they both knew. "I'm sure," Lydia said, smiling. "Forgive me, Minerva, but I believe I'll try to get to sleep early tonight. I hadn't realized how tired I was until I started unpacking. Thank you for your help." "Any time, Lydia," Minerva said, smiling back. "If there's anything else I can help you with, let me know." As Minerva was leaving, Lydia muttered some absent words about how she would, but she knew there would be no need for Minvera's help. She continued to unpack until her trunk was empty and then she made herself a cup of tea. Lydia closed her eyes, waiting for the tea to cool, wondering if Severus was still pouting over a cup of tea somewhere in the castle. They would make up. Eventually. Their feuds never lasted too long, and in the same castle, attending staff meetings and the like, there was only so much ignoring they could do. She half expected Albus to knock on the door, making some banal excuse to have a chat, if only to give a look or a thinly veiled hint that he really dropped by to say "I told you so." She didn't know what she would have done if he had, what she might have said. Thankfully, she was left in silence for the rest of the night, drinking her tea and trying not to think about the almost cold way Severus had read the letter before burning it. Unfeeling. Uncaring. She almost rather he was angry with her, or with Remus. Maybe he was. Lydia rubbed her eyes and tried to cry, but no tears came. Perhaps she'd used them all. Maybe she would apologize or mend bridges in the morning. Or maybe not.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my loyal reader/reviewer/correspondent Mu-Nition. Thanks so much for all your support and interest in this story, your suppositions and projections and insights that help me form my thoughts on these characters from one chapter to the next. And welcome back, everyone, to another year at Hogwarts. :D -C The start of the school year went on much the same as always, but that first weekend, Lydia was ready for a bit of a break. She had written Remus, and he agreed to come by for a cup of tea and a chat. She spent the hour before he was due to arrive preparing her quarters, as if he would notice tiny things like moving the table three inches closer to the fireplace. She kept throwing charms at his cup to keep his tea warm, and she changed the spoon in the sugar bowl three times because she saw spots on the handle that might not have been there. Finally, a knock at the door. Lydia took a deep breath and put on a smile before letting Remus in, asking him to have a seat, motioning that he should help himself to the tea with steam billowing off the top. He smiled graciously and sat down, putting the cup to his lips and inhaling the steam for a long moment before taking a careful sip. After a few minutes of silence, Remus set down his cup and said, "So, how was your holiday? Did you and Severus have a good time?" Lydia had a quick flash in her mind's eye of Severus inside her, moaning her name, nothing between their skin but sweat. And then another quick flash, this time of Severus seen through tears, just after he burned Remus's letter. "Oh, you know us," she said cryptically, trying to keep her smile from looking too bitter. "As much as you might expect." Remus smiled, shook his head, and said, "You know, Albus seems to think it wasn't healthy for you to spend your holiday together, but I really don't understand why. It's good for you, both of you, to have such a strong friendship." Lydia felt her cheeks flushing and she wondered vaguely what Remus would think if he knew how many hours she had spent in Severus's bed, if could have watched as Severus licked and nibbled parts of her body no one but Sirius had touched. Lydia quickly took a few gulps of tea, trying not to think about such things. "So where did you go?" Remus asked after a while, accepting a biscuit from the tray Lydia offered him. She licked her lips, trying to decide how open and honest to be. Saying that she spent the summer at a guy's house might be an obvious way of saying, "Oh, Remus, I'm shagging someone else." On the other hand, it was Severus. And she and Severus had always been close. Maybe he would just think…that they were having a lovely summer. Like she might have done with Lily or Artemis or Mary, had that ever really been an option. "Oh, nowhere in particular," she said, setting down her nearly-empty cup and picking up a biscuit. "Nowhere special or glamorous or anything." "But where?" he pressed, amused. "I mean, a whole summer away from your flat? Did you at least leave London?" "Of course I left London," she said, laughing nervously. "No, we went up north." "Scotland? Lydia, you work in Scotland." "No, north of London," Lydia said softly, looking down at her fingers. Perhaps she should paint her nails before the second week of classes. "Cokeworth, actually." She glanced up at Remus after a few moments of silence to see his scarred brow knit, deep in thought. She looked back down at her fingers quickly as he said softly, "Cokeworth. That's…that's where you grew up, isn't it? With Lily?" "And Sev, yeah." She felt her stomach flopping all over, felt her heart racing and her palms sweating. He would disapprove, just as Albus had. He would tell her it wasn't healthy to indulge the past like they had done, especially all summer. Maybe he was right, in a way. But if she had it to do over again, she wouldn't have changed a second of it. In fact, she would even want to do it again, if Severus planned to invite her again. Remus, though, picked up the teapot, tapped it with his wand, and poured himself a fresh cup. Then he said, "Well, I can't say it would have been my first choice for a holiday, but I suppose it suits you." Lydia jerked her head back slightly, to get a better look at him as he lifted the cup to his lips, letting the steam tickle his nose. He didn't seem to be disapproving at all. In fact, he almost seemed…pleased. Part of her wanted to ask why he thought it suited her, but she was afraid of the answer, so she said nothing. They finished the pot of tea, and many of the biscuits, but they had very little to say to each other. Remus had done almost nothing over his holiday, and Lydia had done almost nothing she cared to share with him. To say that tea was awkward would have perhaps been stretching things, but it was the best work that came to mind as he was lingering at the door not much later. "This was nice," he said mildly. "I'll write. Maybe we could do something like this again. Or lunch. Something." "Sure, that would be great," Lydia said, slightly breathless, and she watched him leaving her room with a racing heart. She didn't really feel hopeful, not yet, but she was relieved in a way. Any meeting with Remus she came away from not feeling hurt was a step in the right direction, a step toward what could eventually be a future together. Tea wasn't a stride, but perhaps a shuffle toward that goal. Lydia was early for the staff meeting, but so was Severus, so it wasn't such a bad thing. He raised an eyebrow, no doubt wondering how things had gone with Remus, but Lydia just shrugged and sat down beside him. He seemed to understand that there wasn't much to say about the matter, and they sat in companionable silence as they waited for the other professors. Being honest with herself, Lydia really despised the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. It wasn't anything to do with personality or behavior or even the fact that the woman had Severus's job. It was all down to the fact that Irene Tesar – a couple years ahead of them in school, in Ravenclaw – was so utterly attractive that her existence was unfair to the human race. Irene walked in with her floaty silver robes, probably the latest fashion, Lydia thought bitterly. Perhaps she had been spending too much time around Severus, but Lydia was really hoping that this year the curse would enact some hideous end for the annual purging of the position. The woman's espresso curls fell softly around her exquisitely featured face, with her perfectly shaped eyebrows and perfectly shaped eyes and perfect complexion and perfect lips. Lydia curled her fingers into her palms under the table, wanting so badly to hit the woman, and Severus's lips twitched with amusement. They had never, either of them, said a word about her issues with Irene Tesar, but she knew he was well aware of the situation and found it all very amusing. As far as Lydia was concerned, there was nothing amusing about daydreams of turning someone's face into a living version of cubism. And of course Irene sat across from Lydia, smiling that perfect smile, resting her perfect hands with her perfect fingers and perfectly manicured nails on the table in the most perfectly elegant way. Thankfully, before she had a chance to say anything in her perfectly melodious, almost sensual voice, Albus called the meeting to order. Lydia hardly listened to the meeting. They covered the same mundane ground every year, basic concerns of which she had none. Things Filch added to the list of items banned from the grounds, which she wouldn't bother confiscating even if some student were bold or stupid enough to pull them out in class. Nothing that ever concerned her. Instead, she was focusing very hard on not thinking about her desire to maim one of her fellow teachers. She had not felt such pure hatred for someone since school, since Organza Oldington. But Organza she had reason to hate, and even in her moments of blind rage and bloodlust, Lydia knew that her hatred of Irene Tesar was completely unsubstantiated. Irene had been nothing but nice, helpful, and even a bit worshipful of Lydia. Irene was in the process of trying to get an article published, but was having a hard time getting a publisher to take her work seriously. She was trying to argue that werewolves weren't dangerous as members of society, but should be treated equally in hiring practices. By all counts, Lydia should have liked Irene, should have worked to become her friend, given her tips on getting her work published. Perhaps she should have even invited her over for tea. She tried to justify her fury as loyalty to Severus, but when she looked the issue in the eye she knew it was jealousy. Irene Tesar was beautiful, graceful, well-liked, and very intelligent and talented. She was qualified to teach several subjects, and even had a N.E.W.T. in Arithmancy, the only person on the staff who really truly grasped Lydia's theories at their highest level except for Albus. No, nothing but blind jealousy. When the meeting cleared out Lydia hardly noticed, and Severus placed a surprisingly gentle hand on her shoulder. She startled, realizing that she was still glaring at the table, hands still clenched into fists, and that she had been imagining Irene falling to her death from the top of the Astronomy Tower. "Tea?" he asked, not bothering to hide his amusement. "Oh, shut it," she said, her voice full of her unvented exasperation. Severus simply smirked at her, leading the way back to his quarters. Lydia sat on the sofa, well aware that she was pouting, but unable to make her lips form any other shape while Severus put the kettle on. "She's absolutely dreadful," Lydia said. He did not turn, but she could hear that he was still smirking as he said, "Indeed." "So smug and condescending. I can tell she hates me, you know. Why else would she go out of her way to be so…friendly?" Severus said nothing, simply snorted. "And anyway," she said over the boiling of the kettle, "I could never approve of someone in that job, except for you." "Of course," he said, turning to glance at her out of the corner of his eye. "I would expect nothing less." Lydia went back to pouting again while he poured the tea, and she glared at him as he handed her a cup. He sat down, not bothering to hide his amusement. "She's a terrible woman," Lydia continued as he put his cup to his lips. "I bet the students can't stand her. I bet she assigns massive amounts of homework and makes their lives miserable. I'll bet she's a terrible teacher." "No doubt," he muttered, the corners of his lips upturned around the edges of his cup. She felt the urge to smack him, but she simply sighed and turned to her cup, pouting. Her antipathy toward Irene was hardly something to start a fight over, and he was obviously not in a fighting mood. About halfway through her cup of tea, Irene was forgotten, and the pair had fallen into their usual comfortable, companionable silence. Severus poured himself a second cup and said, "I believe you had tea with Lupin today." Lydia's fingers tightened reflexively around her cup. She nodded, then took another long sip to avoid speaking right away. Things with Severus where Remus was concerned were always tense, but after their altercation over the break, Lydia wasn't sure how to approach the subject. "I did," she said, setting down her cup when it was empty. "Before the meeting." Severus shifted on the sofa, his eyes fixed on the fireplace, his hands resting on his knees. His dark eyes were blank, and Lydia wondered what he was thinking. She wondered if he was trying to control his reactions, or choose his words. She had the sense that he was worried about upsetting her again. "The whole thing was uneventful," she said, shifting to sit closer, placing her hand on Severus's arm. He tensed, but no more so than any time she touched his left arm. She thought of the Dark Mark, inches from where her fingers were resting. His arm relaxed, and she was surprised when he placed his right hand over her hand. He was still staring at the fireplace, though, his eyes blank and his face expressionless. After a long moment he said, "He is well?" "He seems to be," Lydia said, feeling almost relieved. She rested her cheek on Severus's shoulder. "As well as can be expected. He's in work, at least." "Something interesting this time?" "He didn't say." She took her left hand and began tracing shapes absently on the back of Severus's cold right hand. "But he's always sullen when he's out of work, and he was perfectly personable, so things must be going okay." Severus said nothing, staring at the fireplace. After a bit of silence, Lydia closed her eyes, listening to the rhythm of their breathing. She was mildly surprised when Severus turned his head and kissed her forehead. His cool lips felt strange on her skin, but a pleasant kind of strange. "He'll never deserve you," Severus whispered. Lydia opened her eyes, startled, and she had just opened her mouth to say something – she hadn't yet decided what – in protest, but Severus shook his head. "Lydia, you have given him every chance in the world to have exactly what he wants. And we all know he wants you. Everyone knows it. Even in school, it was never a secret." Lydia felt her cheeks flushing, but when she tried to look down at her fingers Severus put a finger under her chin and lifted her gaze to his eyes. "If he can't act on that, even after all these years, he does not deserve you and he never will." She could feel tears stinging her eyes. There was no judgment in Severus's voice, no disgust or disdain. Perhaps he did not feel right judging Remus because he had always felt that he hadn't deserved Lily. But at the same time, she felt as thought the wind had been knocked out of her chest. "It's not that simple," she rasped. "Nothing ever is, is it?" he sighed, and he kissed her forehead again. "You will continue to meet with him, and to convince yourself that there is a future beyond the back and forth you already have established, and every time he pulls you closer you will rejoice and every time he recoils you will be devastated. And I will refrain as much as possible from telling you that I told you so." Lydia scrunched her mouth tightly. Severus didn't understand. Remus would change his mind eventually. Things would change for werewolves, the world would progress, and when it did they could be together. If she was only patient enough, they would be together. She could have said many things to Severus, but it would do no good, so she chose to say nothing. Instead, she wrapped an arm around Severus's back, pressing her face into his shoulder, putting her left hand on his left arm, this time closer to the elbow. She breathed in the smell of potions ingredients and ink on his robes. After a long pause, Severus asked if Lydia wanted to go down to dinner. She certainly was hungry, but she didn't feel like eating. For a day where almost nothing happened, she had the distinct sense that she was emotionally drained. "No, not really," she admitted, recalling the face of Irene Tesar. She couldn't stand the thought of seeing that smiling face again after the day she'd had. The way Severus's lips twitched told her he knew exactly why she gave that answer, but he called a house-elf to order food to his quarters for them, and put the kettle on once more. Lydia gratefully accepted the shepherd's pie and steamed vegetables he ordered, and they ate in companionable silence. Severus did not continue to pressure her on her meeting with Remus, and she did not attempt to justify herself any further. When she set down her plate, however, Severus said, "You know, Irene doesn't really hate you. In fact, she said she quite admires you." Lydia's nostril's flared at the mention of Irene, totally out of the blue. She didn't know what to say, trying to find a way to respond without exploding. "I suppose she told you that," Lydia finally said. She sniffed. "Indeed." Lydia had many ideas of things to say at him about how he had chosen to speak to the woman who took the job he wanted, but he was giving her a look that said his amusement so clearly that he thought she was being unreasonable. "I find that she is an intelligent, pleasant woman," Severus said. "And I believe you would find, as I do, that she is good company." "I'll bet you do," Lydia muttered, and Severus snorted. She knew the insinuation was low, but the anger in her chest was rising up in a wave again. Severus could have retorted when she was insinuated interest in Irene, but he said nothing. Instead, when she stood to go, muttering her leave as politely as she could with how angry she was, he crossed the room, stopped her before she could leave, and kissed the corner of her lips gently. "Sleep well," he said. "And try to feel less angry at breakfast."
Lydia knew she had truly become a teacher when she was actually excited to go to class. In particular she was excited about a student, a student so promising she hadn't been this eager to teach since Cassandra Barbary graduated. His name was Bill Weasley, and even Severus had to admit that the third year boy was promising, intelligent, polite, talented. Lydia never had any problem with the Weasley family, as blood traitors had never been an issue in her social circle the way they had in Severus's, so she was not at all bothered by the fact that he was easily the strongest Arithmancy student in his class. She handed back the problem sets, setting Bill's in front of him face-down, knowing he would be pleased when he turned it over to see all the comments she'd left. He was not the only promising student, if she was being fair. Cassandra's younger sister, Cayley Barbary, and her friend Tryphaina Poole were the best Slytherin students. The McYates twins, Joe and Felix, were both very good, and Sallie Hanson of Ravenclaw might not have been especially talented, but she worked about six times harder than anyone Lydia had met since Lily, and had enough raw talent to be a force. In spite of the talented students, several students were a bit…lacking. Lulu Mortimerson of Gryffindor, for example, struggled with basic maths, and getting her up to speed would take special effort, if it were even possible. And she wasn't even the worst in the class. Mia Wolf of Hufflepuff cried quietly in the back of the room every time an assignment came back, and Lydia didn't really blame the girl. If she'd ever been that bad at something, anything, she might have cried too. "Obviously there is room for improvement for everyone," Lydia said as the students read over their grades and comments. Sallie was already scribbling in the margins of her class notes to include Lydia's suggestions from the assignment. Riika Burton of Gryffindor looked a bit pale, and Mia was already wiping her eyes in the corner, brushing off the tissue her friend Klara Lucas was shoving at her. Cayley's hand went up and Lydia called on her. "Professor," Cayley began, in a self-assured version of her elder sister's voice. "How much of this will be on the exam?" It was all Lydia could do not to roll her eyes. She'd hated those sorts of questions as a student and she hated them even more as a professor. She wondered if she had a disproportionate amount of that question, as the teacher of a subject that so many over-achievers took. "Honestly, Miss Barbary, I don't know yet what is going to be on the exam because I haven't written it yet." The students all stared up at her, wide-eyed. Obviously, they were under the false impression that nothing changed from year to year. "Last year, some of these things featured prominently, but what goes on this year's exam will depend on many things, including the progress you manage to make as a class." Many eyes widened, including all six of her Ravenclaw students, and the usually-silent crying Mia actually gave a bit of a hiccup-sob and a few of the kinder students winced. Bill Weasley actually frowned at the sound. Lydia knew he had been tutoring Mia, not that it was going very much good. The bell rang and Lydia dismissed the class, although she was surprised when Bill stepped forward. "Can I help you with something, Mr. Weasley?" she asked. "I'm sure you have class." "Transfiguration," he said, frowning. "But I needed to ask you something, Professor." She raised her eyebrow, smiling at him. "Ask away," she said. "I'll write you a note." He took a deep breath and said, "I need a professor to sponsor new student groups, and I was hoping you would sponsor my attempt to start a tutoring group for Arithmancy. A few older students are in on it. The Oakfoot twins were particularly eager, and Alice Hardy mentioned that she was very worried about having enough extracurriculars beyond Quidditch to be considered for Curse-Breaking." Lydia was certainly surprised, especially that it was a third year student suggesting the idea that Alice Hardy could have just as easily addressed. In all actuality, Lydia wasn't sure if she would be able to give Alice a particularly good recommendation, especially considering Gevin Barbary and Logan Redfriend were both applying to the same program, and they were far better students. "I think it's a good idea," Lydia said slowly. "I assume you've begun your proposal?" "Yes, professor." "Well," she said, "why don't you finish that, and I'll take a look at it…tomorrow? By dinner?" "I'll have it ready tonight." "And then I'll let you know if it's viable and we can work from there." He thanked her, a grin so pleased with himself and charming that Lydia felt a bit winded for a moment, reminded painfully of a young Sirius Black. She quickly scribbled out a note for him to Transfiguration and she closed her eyes, trying not to think about such things, but there was no point. Halloween. The feast was only hours away, and she'd insisted to Severus that she didn't want any sort of sedative this year. She needed to learn to face this day like every other day of the year, no matter how many painful reminders it held. Easier said than done, however, and when Lydia left the feast with Bill's proposal in her work bag, she felt strangely lost and empty, watching students giggle and laugh and squeal with delight about childish things on their way back to their dormitories. She jumped when Severus touched her elbow discretely, looking concerned. "I'm fine, Sev," she muttered, almost wishing she'd asked for the sedative. She probably looked like death itself. And the thought of death made her feeling overwhelmingly nauseous. "Come with me," he said gently, and she followed him past the Slytherin students, down to his quarters. "I have work to do," she said in weak protest as he put the kettle on. "You always have work to do. You procrastinate chronically." Her lips twitched, and on any other day she might have smiled. She saw him unstopper a potion, however, and she sat forward. "No," she said firmly. "I said no bloody sedative. It's not like I'm going to see anyone until tomorrow anyway. There's no way I would embarrass myself." Severus turned, raising an eyebrow, the tiny vial still between his fingers, unpoured. "I am surprised at you, Lydia," he said coolly. "I would have thought you could discern a mild pain potion from a sedative simply by the smell. You complained of a headache all through dessert." Lydia frowned. She had been complaining, but it was more that she was sick of listening to Irene Tesar speaking, not that her head felt particularly bad. It had shut the woman up. Still, she didn't want to admit this to Severus, and the potion would not do any harm. Perhaps it would dull the ache in her chest that had been there all day. "Oh, right, go on then," she muttered, rubbing her eyes. She accepted her tea and curled up against Severus when he sat down beside her. Another year had passed without a visit to Lily's grave, but Lydia didn't think Lily would mind. After all, Lydia had been busy with classes, the feast, her duties as a professor. Perhaps she would go on Lily's birthday instead, have it be more of a celebratory occasion. Or…or on her anniversary. When the tea was finished, Lydia was disappointed to find that the aching in her chest had not dulled at all. Severus was running his fingers through her hair rhythmically, and she turned her face into his shoulder. Severus did not allow her this sulking act, however, and he asked if she felt any better. When she gave no reply but a shrug, he gently pushed her head back to look down at her eyes. "Your head?" She shook her head. "What hurts, then?" Lydia felt it would be corny, cliché even, to touch her chest, so she just shook her head, feeling tears welling up in her eyes. Severus seemed to understanding, his thumb grazing her jawline gently. His rough thumb felt colder than usual on her skin, and she felt something like relief when he pressed his lips softly to hers. He obviously meant it to be a quick, gentle kiss, but Lydia had other plans. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him closer, and he did not object. His free hand touched her waist, tracing up to her breast but staying above her robes. She parted her lips to invite him to deepen the kiss, and he did so. If he had decided it would be a good idea for them to engage in passionate sex on his sitting room sofa, she would not have pulled away, would not have hesitated. Severus did not take this action, however. They fell into a comfortable level of kissing, touching, and occasional sighs fro Lydia, but hands and lips stayed above clothing, and the small, slow burn between them did not catch and turn into something out of control. Severus was a remarkably controlled person, even during intimate moments. Lydia might have expected this to be a disappointment, as it meant that she could not use such moments to distract him as she had sometimes done with Sirius. Kisses were not adequate to change the subject. She found, however, that there was something exciting about knowing Severus was always in control. Lydia could lose her train of thought, lose her plans, lose every thought in her head, and know that she was safe with Severus. He knew what she wanted and what she didn't, and he would never do anything intentionally to hurt her. If he thought this was not a good night for sex, then she would trust his judgment and not push the matter, instead enjoying the way his teeth grazed the tender skin of her neck. There were plenty of things to enjoy with clothes still on. When the fire burned low enough for the room to be quite dark, however, and a bit chilly, Severus and Lydia and slowed to almost a stop, exchanging occasional soft, lingering kisses as they faced each other, now gazing in each other's eyes, now touching their lips together, now gazing again. "I have some work to do before the morning," Lydia finally said. Severus nodded, but neither of them moved. The simply stared in each other's eyes both waiting for something, something Lydia could not have articulated, even in her mind. After a long pause, he pressed his lips to her again. Eventually, though, she did pull away, and he did straighten up where he sat, and she said once more, "I suppose I ought to get to work. Well, goodnight, then." "Good night," he whispered. She realized, as she finally stood to go, that it was not for her that he was so hesitant to let her go. Of course she was certain he did not want her to be alone with her thoughts tonight, but she also realized that he didn't want to be alone either. She almost lost her resolve to leave in order to keep him company. But even in her mind, it felt a bit too much like pity, and she knew he would not thank her for such a gesture. So she kissed his forehead gently and took her bag, taking leave and walking back up to her quarters, step after step after step. She arrived back at her quarters, kicking off her shoes and pouring herself a glass of butterbeer. It didn't seem right to drink anything stronger when she had classes in the morning. She lit a small fire in her fireplace and curled up in an armchair, opening her workbag. She pulled out several stacks of essays, setting them aside for grading over the next few days, and she pulled out three letters and the paperwork from Bill Weasley. Lydia started by glancing over the proposal from Bill, which was surprisingly eloquent and thorough for a thirteen-year-old. She would give him a few words of advice on the power structure of the group, things she knew would be more viable and acceptable when he turned the paperwork in to Minerva, but otherwise she would be perfectly happy to endorse the formation of this group. She wrote a few notes in the margin and then began drafting her letter of endorsement in her head. The first letter was from her publisher, letting her know about her royalties from the initial sales of her book, and discussing the possibility of further articles for her column based on topics that have generated the most interest. They all sounded terribly dull to Lydia, but she made a note on a few things to look into them further, knowing that if she didn't look at them someone else might, and there was no telling what some of the irresponsible arithmancers she had met would do with topics such as Genetic Arithmancy. She could just picture articles proving that Muggle-borns were inferior or some such rubbish. Sometimes she felt more like an intellectual babysitter than a scholar. She set it aside and opened the second letter, an appeal from an American to look at some of his equations on event prediction theory. From what she could tell from his letter, his entire premise was flawed, and she had half a mind to send a missive back telling him not to waste his time on things he obviously didn't understand, but she stopped herself, deciding to set the note aside and not answer until she could think of a polite way to guide him away from research that was so obviously above his head. Then she opened the third letter, one from Remus, and she could feel her heart racing just at the glimpse of his handwriting. She felt rather proud of herself, waiting all day to open the letter. It was a small thing, but it felt like such an accomplishment. She took a sip of butterbeer as she unfolded the letter, and then she set the bottle down as she began to read. Lydia, Maybe you would like to not think about it today, and if so, forgive me. I find myself unable to sleep before Halloween, and you are the only person I have to talk to about these things. Some days, good days, I can think of the good times we all had and stop there. Like, do you remember when Artemis bought those random-exploding water balloons and had that fight with Sirius? I don't think I ever saw Professor Kettleburn mad except when he broke up that fight. Artemis said it was worth it, but I think she was just being stubborn. That was a particularly tough detention set. Or Mary's seventeenth birthday party. Do you remember that? The first time James ever saw Lily get buzzed, and I thought he was going to lose it; he was so excited. If you had told me then that they would end up married, I never would have believed it. But to his credit, he stopped Sirius from trying to serve her more drinks, tempted as I know he was see her drunk. I wonder what she would have said if she'd have known. And Mary, she was so happy. She had such a beautiful smile, do you remember? Even when her life was a mess, there was never anyone kinder, more generous, than Mary. I don't know if she ever told you this, but I gave her itching powder I nicked off Sirius and James once and she put it in Organza's shoes. I don't think Organza ever found out. But most days, most days thinking of those things always culminates in a reminder that I'll never see any of them again. Today, though, every Halloween, I can't help but think of not only their deaths, but of all the death and torture I saw during the war. I won't burden you with the details. I know you'd be happier not knowing about them. But I think of these things, and I think of Sirius, and I wonder how much of it was because of him. I can't even begin to imagine how you must feel, thinking about him. Again, I'm sorry if it hurts you. But I have to tell you how sorry I am. I know it was my fault, pushing you toward him all those years ago. Maybe you would have ended up together anyway, but I can't help feeling somewhat responsible. When I think of what might have happened, what he might have done if he hadn't been caught for killing Peter…. Lydia, I'm sorry to bring it up, even, but I need you to know how sorry I am, how guilty I feel whenever it crosses my mind. I hope that at least one of us can manage sweet dreams tonight, but if not, I hope you at least don't have nightmares. -Remus Lydia licked her lips and set the letter down with shaking hands. She would never hold Remus responsible, never blame him, but she understood why he would feel that way. Like how she felt responsible some days for the deaths of her friends. She rubbed her eyes again, recalling with alarming ease the blood dripping off Mary's pale, bare toe. A wave of nausea rose up in her chest and she went to her potions, sifting through for one for dreamless sleep. No point having nightmares when she didn't have to, she told herself. She thought it fairly clear that there would be no sweet dreams tonight. She poured the potion into her butterbeer and quickly finished off the bottle. Lydia hurried to bed before the potion made movement difficult and she curled up, closing her eyes, welcoming the emptiness, the freedom from memory for a few short hours. A/N: This chapter is happily dedicated to reader/reviewer/PMer/friend Mu-Nition, whose PMs helped see this chapter to completion. Always good to chat with you! Also, we are VERY close to 400 reviews! So exciting. The 400th reviewer gets a coupon for a free copy of my novella and the right to ask for ANY spoiler their heart desires. Single spoiler only. I have a feeling I know who it's going to be…. But you never know! Could be you! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my newest friend/reader/reviewer/PMer, MissRoseAlanaHorton, whose commitment to reviewing every chapter of this story is both laudable and massively appreciated. She is also the 400th review, so a big congratulations on that prize! :D Also, if you like long-haul Riddle era Riddle/OC stories (as I do), you should go check out her work! She's got some great stuff started. So a big thank you, and on with the chapter! -C Lydia tried not to feel too excited as she sat with Remus at the Three Broomsticks. It wasn't anything they hadn't done dozens, maybe hundreds of times before. Just lunch. Nothing special. She wasn't even wearing her best sweater. They were just…having lunch. "I'm struggling," he said, smiling slightly, "to imagine you running a club." She shrugged, poking at her salad. "I don't do anything. I just sit there, make sure they have supervision during their provisionary period. Honestly, Bill Weasley does most of the running. He might be a third year, but I guarantee that boy will be a Prefect, very take-charge, very good at managing and organizing." "So he just makes you look good," Remus said, teasing, cutting into his mostly raw steak. Lydia tried not to look at the blood that oozed out of the center, but it drew her eye anyway. "Something like that." He looked up and she carefully looked at her drink to be sure he didn't see her watching the blood. If he caught her at this involuntary response he always became self-conscious about his eating habits, and that would spoil everything. The two talked and joked, discussing work, Lydia's idiotic publisher, and how frustrated she was with Alice Hardy. "I don't think we ever knew someone half so lazy at school," she sighed. "Oh, I don't know, James was pretty lazy with everything but Quidditch and wooing Lily," Remus said, smiling fondly. "Do you remember when Professor McGonagall asked him if he ever bothered to open a textbook?" "Yes," she said. She laughed, recalling very clearly the amused smirk James had worn at the question. "He told her he wasn't sure he had any textbooks, but that he thought he recalled opening one to write his name in it, but that it might have been in first year." Remus laughed uncharacteristically loud, and she felt her insides twist and somersault with excitement. He was in a better mood than she had realized, and anything was possible. Sometimes, reminiscing in this manner would lead to bad thoughts, but so soon after Halloween, they were both eager to recall only the best memories. And with seven years of school before they had to worry about things like Mary's death and Lydia in Sirius's bed, there were plenty of memories untarnished by tragedy. Lydia felt a particular pleasure in recalling Artemis's parties, knowing that Artemis would be pleased to know that people were still talking about the parties, no matter what the reason for the discussion. Lunch was over, and they could come up with no good reason to continue sitting in the pub, so Remus walked out into the rain with her. He mentioned how nice it felt, and offered to walk her to the castle gates. Who was Lydia to argue with such an offer? They walked to the gates. Perhaps it was closer together than they usually walked, but Lydia knew full well that this could be her imagination. She struggled to tell the difference between fantasy and reality where Remus was concerned, and even when she told herself it could all be in her head, she wanted so badly for it to be true. She was losing the battle with herself, the battle to be reasonable and try to look at the whole afternoon with a critical eye. How could she be critical when he smiled at her like that? How could she form any thoughts at all? He caught her a bit by surprise with the kiss, just outside the Hogwarts gates in the pouring rain. At another time she might have thought about how romantic it was, but she was a bit preoccupied with the feel of his lips burning against hers, the way his hands actually gripped at her waist. Her head was spinning, and her whole body seemed weightless, breathless, as she realized that the kiss wasn't over yet. In fact, Remus was gripping her ever more tightly, his lips nudging her lips apart, and she felt a pleasant sort of woozy as she tasted his breath, felt his air mingling with hers. If she moaned – which she thought she might have – it couldn't be heard over the sound of the rain and the pounding of her heart in her eardrums. One of his hands slid up her side, brushing her breast on its way up to her neck, his rough fingers caressing the soaking wet skin of her neck. The kiss was over and he was gone so suddenly that she half wondered whether she had dreamed the whole thing, but he left her with a very memorable sensation of his fingertips against the skin of her throat, a very real echo of his lips against her lips. She stood, trembling, in the rain, for several long moments after Remus had gone before letting herself back onto the grounds, walking in a daze, her mind lost in the sensations of kissing Remus. The whole event, the whole episode had been so passionate, so intense. Was it really over? Was it real in the first place? Lydia decided that it must have been real, that her imagination wasn't that overactive, and she continued walking around in a daze for the whole of the weekend, struggling to focus on anything but her memories of the kiss. Severus said nothing to her about the matter, and she hardly noticed that he was sulking, so high she was on the memory of the kiss. Grading was an almost impossibility in her mental state, she learned on Sunday morning when she finally convinced her body to bend over the essays she collected on Thursday. She reminded herself how hard the students worked on this, and that they deserved a timely response. She told herself that the longer she put it off, the more she would have to do later, when the high wore off. She even told herself that Irene had no doubt already finished her grading for the weekend was likely trying to engage Severus in some sort of conversation on…on…well, anything would be bad, whatever it was. But nothing seemed capable of stirring her to action, not even her burning hatred of Irene Tesar. Nothing got through her haze, except the eventual sound of an owl tapping its beak at her window. She dropped everything, hurrying across to the window, ignoring the owl as she ripped open the letter that had Remus's handwriting all over it. This was it, this had to be it. That kiss…. Her heart pounded in her ears as her eyes lapped up his words. Lydia, Lunch Friday was agreeable. I know we initially planned to have tea next Saturday, but I've had to take someone's shift that day and I won't be able to make it. Perhaps we can reschedule. I will let you know when I have a better idea of when I can reschedule it for. I hope you didn't catch ill. I shouldn't have kept you out in the rain any longer than necessary. Stay warm. -Remus She frowned, reading the letter a second, a third time. The needing to reschedule that wasn't anything strange. Remus had to be flexible with covering for people at work, building up favors that would give him the flexibility he needed for his own health concerns. Moving an afternoon tea in the big scheme of their friendship, their relationship, was hardly worth batting an eye at. It was his words about the rain, about how he shouldn't have kept her out in the rain. Was he saying he shouldn't have kissed her, or that he should have kissed her somewhere warm and dry? She was desperate to believe the latter, but that final phrase caused her whole stomach to turn uncomfortably. Stay warm. Like a motherly figure reminding a child to put on a sweater before going out in the cold. No love, no passion, no endearments. The letter was cold, distant, nothing at all like the way his breath had mingled with hers in that downpour. The owl was still watching her expectantly, so Lydia decided the only thing to do was to carefully craft a reply and hope for a speedy response. Any response. Something to tell her one way or another where they stood, because the way she felt, this uncertainty, was ripping at her insides. And just minutes ago she had been indescribably happy. Remus, Thank you for the letter. That's perfectly fine, I understand. We have a staff meeting scheduled that night, at any rate, so the extra time to get work done beforehand won't go amiss. Just let me know when something opens up in your schedule, as usual. I'm perfectly well, honestly. It takes more than a bit of rain to get me down, you know that. I'll do my best to stay warm, but you know, if I could have done it all over again I think I would have stayed there longer. It was never a great fantasy of mine, but I can't deny that there is something quite romantic about kissing in the rain. Love, Lydia She read the letter over several times, contemplating changes. Should she temper her honest? Should she add some flirtation? There were so many possibilities, and so many ways for things to turn out either exceptionally well or catastrophically bad. Finally, though, she convinced herself that there was nothing to do but send the letter as it was and hope for the best, so she set the owl back to Remus and tried to return to her grading. But if she thought she'd been distracted before, this was five times worse. She couldn't make her eyes focus on the words, so busy she was wondering how long it would take for a reply. It was an odd time for post, which might prompt a reaction. She lost all track of time, trying to read the essays, trying to think about anything other than what Remus might have meant by it all. With all likelihood, she wouldn't hear anything until morning anyway. Lydia wrinkled her nose. No matter how things turned out in the reply, she didn't want to teach this distracted. She needed something to give her at least momentary clarity. The lack of understanding was the agonizing part. Lydia paced a room a few times trying to clear her head, but it did little good. She drank a bottle of butterbeer. She paced some more. She tried to grade essays again, and managed to make a few comments on a fifth year essay before pushing the whole stack aside and rubbing her eyes. It was no good. Her concentration was virtually nonexistent. Instead, Lydia decided to change out of her robes and get ready for bed. For some reason, she had the mental concept that it was late, although a glance at the clock would have told her that it was only four. She hadn't had dinner, but she forgot about the meal entirely. She pulled on pajamas, brushed her hair. She had given up – at least told herself she had given up – on receiving a reply that night, so she climbed into bed, but she did not blow out her candle. She watched the flame for what felt like an eternity. However, when a sound jarred her out of her reverie she glanced at the clock and it had only been a few hours. Time had flown by faster than she expected, but she looked around, trying to recall the sound that had caught her attention, trying to figure out what it was. Not until the sound occurred again did she realize it was a beak on glass once more. Her heart began pounding in her ears and she rushed to the window, letting in the owl, ripping the letter off its leg, tearing into it. She licked her lips, catching her breath, trying to focus on the words on the page, to make sense of them. Lydia, A fantasy, fairytale. And just as impossible. Forgive me. -Remus She felt her stomach drop and she turned the parchment over. This couldn't be all there was, couldn't be all he had to say. The words, they didn't match up to each other in her head. Hoping it would give her that much needed clarity, she tried reading it out loud, in a few different inflections, but that only made things worse. The words separated into letters, sounds, meaningless and strange, foreign in her mouth, bitter on her tongue. Lydia balled the letter up in her hands, knowing in the pit of her stomach that even though she couldn't seem to make the words make any sense, the words were rejection. Even as she tried not to get her hopes up, she found that such an effort was impossible. Every time she was with him, a tiny bit of her hoped that this would be the time, and the longer she went without rejection the more out of control that hope became. The corners of her eyes began to sting and she curled up in bed once more. The owl flew away, out the open window, but she hardly noticed. She was feeling the compacted parchment poking at her hand, straining to expand in open air. She clutched it tighter, the room spinning around her in a strange, wave motion. Time did strange things once more, passing at a rate her mind couldn't comprehend, because when the sound of someone knocking on the door to her quarters brought the world partway back to focus, it was nearly eight thirty. "Lydia?" Severus said on the other side of the door. "Are you alright? You missed dinner." In her head, she told him she was fine, just tired, and would see him at breakfast. He wouldn't think twice, and maybe she could even mention that she'd lost track of time working on some equations. None of those words happened, though. What did end up happening was a strangled sort of sound emanating from her throat. She thought it was too quiet for him to hear, but he must have heard it because a moment later the door to her quarters unlocked and he was hurrying inside, wand out. "What happened?" he demanded, coming through to her bedroom in just a few long strides. He sat on the side of her bed, touching her face, examining her eyes. No doubt they were red and swollen and disgusting. Lydia found no words once more. She simply whimpered, unable to bring herself to look Severus in the eye, squeezing her hand a bit more tightly around the letter. He noticed, perhaps hearing the parchment crunching together, and he pried the letter out of her hand. Lydia did not fight him. She didn't have the energy. Severus smoothed out the letter, frowning as he read the words. She heard him snort, and she rolled over, a tear rolling from the inner corner of her eye, over the bridge of her nose, onto her pillowcase. He balled the parchment back up again, by the sound of things, and she heard it hitting the wastebasket. She whimpered again. "Lydia, you need to eat something." She moaned, and perhaps he took this as her saying that she wasn't hungry. In a way, she wasn't. Food didn't matter, not when every part of her felt pained and disoriented. What good was food? What would eating solve? "Just some soup. I'm not taking no for an answer, Lydia. I'm going to order soup, and you are going to eat it, no complaints." He did so, ordering a bowl of broth with vegetables from the kitchen and carefully propping her up on her pillows. Lydia just frowned at the soup, so he sighed, dipping the spoon in and offering it up. She continued to frown at the spoon. "Lydia," he said, his jaw twitching with impatience, "regardless of how you feel right now, you need to eat. Now either you open your mouth and eat this soup or I will force you to eat this soup. Either physically unpleasant or illegally pleasant. Your choice." She blinked. Surely he wouldn't actually use an Unforgivable to make her eat soup. He had to be joking. Was that the corner of his lip twitching at her hesitation? Still, she knew he would force her to eat the soup, so she did sit forward and allowed him to spoon the broth into her mouth. She tasted nothing, and the vegetables were so soft that they disintegrated in her mouth. She frowned again, knowing that Hogwarts soup was of a better quality than that. Severus kissed her forehead. "Just a sedative," he said, his voice uncharacteristically gentle. She tried to fight as he gave her another spoonful of broth, but she was growing even further disoriented. "Nothing to worry about, Lydia. Just relax." In the morning, she could be mad at him, she decided. She couldn't bring herself to feel anything close to anger, and he was already coaxing a third spoonful into her mouth. She was still crying. Her vision was blurring with tears. But she couldn't feel them, couldn't feel anything but the broth going down her throat. "Forgive me," Severus whispered. She had closed her eyes, although she couldn't tell when. He must have vanished the rest of the soup, because she didn't hear him set down the bowl. He kissed her forehead once more, and she caught the vague scent of vinegar before her senses gave out on her and sleep took over.
A/N: Happy 100th chapter, everybody! I can't believe how far we've come, and how far we have left to go. This is a huge milestone for me as a writer, something I couldn't even begin to conceive when I started writing fan fiction. This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer/PMer MissAlanaRoseHorton, whose rush of support for this story is responsible for the recent influx of chapters. -C Lydia stood in the center of the Great Hall, surrounded by the trappings and trimmings of Christmas, staring up at the ceiling as snow fell from the pseudo-sky, not reading the candles hovering between her and the ceiling. She was perfectly warm, but she had her arms folded for warmth anyway, hugging her robes to her chest as she admired the sky. "What do you think, Lydia?" Filius squeaked, coming into the room levitating the replacement star for the tree in the back corner, the one some second year student knocked off accidentally with an illegal item of some sort. "Beautiful as always," she sighed, smiling as she looked around the room. "I should help more often. Something about knowing you put time in to make something makes it look even more charming." He beamed up at her when the star was in its place and said, "I would certainly welcome the help."' Lydia nodded, looking around at the trees Hagrid had put up, the ones she had spent several hours helping to decorate. If she had gotten over her anger with Severus about drugging her a bit earlier, she wouldn't have agreed to do the decorations in the first place. She would have had plans leading up to Christmas. But they took days to apologize to each other properly, and by the time she wanted to spend time with him again in a capacity that involved him making her a drink, she had already agreed to help decorate. "Oh, it's lovely." Turning her back on the entrance hall, Lydia fought the urge to curl her fingers into her palms at the sound of Irene Tesar's voice. The chirpiness in it grated. She sounded so bloody pleased with herself. Three sets of footsteps, which meant she wasn't alone. "Oh, Lydia," said Minvera's voice. "I do believe this is the best this hall has looked in all the time I have taught. I do hope you intend to continue helping on the decorating committee." With a forced smile, Lydia turned to thank Minerva and tell her she was exaggerating when she saw Severus standing there, right next to Irene, and she felt the urge to throw a knife at him. That is until she saw the way he was looking at her, his face totally blank but his eyes grazing her lazily, hungrily. He reserved that look for when they were alone usually, but she realized they hadn't really been alone properly since he drugged her soup. She forgot that Irene was even there as she met his gaze. When did breathing get so hard? "Wonderful," Albus said, strolling through the door, his blue eyes going straight to the star that had been replaced. "Very nearly ready. The house-elves assure me that the goose was no trouble." Lydia's lips twitched and she broke eye contact with Severus, who appeared to have the urge to roll his eyes. In breaking eye contact, though, she caught sight of Irene Tesar and felt like she would like to rip out the woman's perfect hair. She settled for crossing to the single table set out for the Christmas feast, staking her spot, toward the end, away from where she knew Albus would be sitting, for Severus's sake. As she expected, he followed her to the table, sitting down beside her. What she hadn't expected was for his fingertips to graze her knee over her robes. She looked up at him, but he was not looking at her, his eyes tracing the walls. "You did a very good job," he said, his voice so low that only she would be able to hear it. "I suppose it was worth not seeing much of you. You appear to have a talent for this sort of thing." Lydia snorted. "Hardly," she said, rolling her eyes. "You know perfectly well that it's mostly Filius." He was about to say something when the sound of a small explosion came from the entrance hall, and every head turned. Lydia's eyebrows flew upward, and Severus's eyebrows narrowed. The first of the students were approaching, not only early, but obviously doing things they weren't supposed to be doing. "I told you this would be a bad feast this year," Minerva muttered as Albus and Filius went to see about the problem. "I know perfectly well it's Mr. Weasley and Miss Tonks. It is hardly ever anyone else. When I found out those two would be staying…" Lydia's eyebrows went up so far onto her forehead that it actually hurt. "Bill Weasley, causing explosions?" "No, he's a wonderful child," Irene Tesar sighed, sitting on the other side of Severus, much to Lydia's horror. "His brother…Charlie." She and Minerva shared looks of frustration. "He's very intelligent," Minerva explained. "But he is attracted to things that cause destruction, and naturally this drew him to befriend Miss Tonks. She is a walking storm path." Severus's lips twitched, and Lydia wondered what was so funny, but the other two women must have missed it. Before any further discussion, however, food and dishes began appearing on the table, and various Christmas trappings. Lydia was surprised that Severus took this distraction as an opportunity to slip his hand between the opening of her robes and trace his fingers up her leg. She would have raised an eyebrow at him, but that would have drawn attention to his behavior, and that was the last thing she wanted. What would Albus say? Students began to enter, although there were only a handful of them. The only one Lydia taught was Bill Weasley, and he sat down next to Professor McGonagall, smiling his bright, happy smile. "Happy Christmas, Professors," he said, and there was a chorus of responses as the other students and professors began sitting around the table. The other redhead must have been the other Weasley, Lydia decided, but the girl sitting across from that boy, with her bright pink hair, had such familiar gray eyes that Lydia felt disoriented, guilty, and terribly, terribly sad. "Miss Tonks," Professor McGonagall said sternly as the girl started flicking peas at the younger Weasley boy. The girl hesitated, opening her mouth, perhaps to say that she hadn't done anything (how many times had Sirius donned that smirk before saying those very words?), but she caught sight of Severus's stern, disapproving gaze and she dropped her fork. "I'm very sorry, professor," she muttered, folding her hands in her lap in a contrite way that disturbed Lydia. She'd never seen Sirius look like that. Minerva seemed surprised as well, obviously never having seen this particular response. Lydia's stomach turned as she tried to ignore the Tonks girl, this girl with Sirius's eyes. "How has your holiday been, Bill?" she asked as she dished up some mashed potatoes, scooping them generously onto her own plate. "Oh, fine, thank you, professor," he said, shrugging. "I've gotten some of my work done, and it has been nice to have some peace and quiet in my dormitory. Some of my dormmates are…rambunctious." Minerva's eyebrow quirked, and she obviously had some idea who he was referring to. Lydia did not want to begin to guess what her expression meant. "I don't believe I've met your brother," Lydia continued. "Are you very much alike?" "In some ways," Bill said, shrugging again. "He's smart, when he cares enough to try." That made Lydia think of a few people from school, most specifically Sirius, and when she glanced down the table for another look at Charlie Weasley, she caught a glimpse of those gray eyes once more, and she almost excused herself from the table. Severus's hand squeezed her knee firmly under the table just as the room was beginning to spin. The feast had never been so difficult, not for Lydia. She had never struggled so much to keep her composure, not even in her first Halloween as a teacher after Lily and James died. She kept her mind as busy as possible throughout the meal by talking with Bill and Minerva about academics. While Minerva might have understood why Lydia was put off by the company at the table, Bill simply seemed flattered to have so much attention from his teachers. Once the younger Weasley and his friend scurried off several minutes into dessert, however, Lydia could focus once more on the rest of the table with a clear, coherent mind, and she grew very angry. Irene Tesar was chatting with Severus, perfectly calmly, perfectly cheerfully, and Severus was actually…pleasant. Or, pleasant for him, anyway. "That is fascinating," Irene cooed. "You know, I was never very good at Potions myself. My hands were too shaky for precise measurement." "Lydia was always excellent with measurement," Severus said smoothly. "When we work together she does all of my measurements. She has very steady hands." As he said this, his fingers were tracing to about halfway up her thigh, and Lydia struggled to decide whether she was pleased and flattered or so furious she wanted to rip every silky strand of hair out of Irene's scalp. Both emotions were so powerful, so tempting. "Oh, you brew together? That is fascinating! It seems to me that would be a thing to watch, wouldn't it, Minerva?" "No doubt it would," Minerva said, amused. Pomona moved closer to have a chat with Minerva once Bill took his leave of the table, and Irene focused her attention once more on praising Severus, all the extra work he took on, brewing for the infirmary. All the effort it must take to keep students from injuring themselves in his class. Oh, what great acuity of mind! Oh, what wonderfully sturdy spirit he must have! Lydia decided to channel her urge to destroy Irene's cells one by one into a more productive endeavor. She took her own hand and lightly placed it on Severus's thigh. If he noticed, he made no physical indications of it, his face and voice unchanged, the pressure of his hand on her thigh unaltered. Lydia decided to put a bit more pressure on the situation as Irene continued to sing his praises and Minerva continued to look amused. Lydia traced her fingers up his thigh and rather boldly cupped him through his trousers. Again, he made no sign that he acknowledged this act, although she was certain he had noticed it. His mental discipline was truly astounding, but Lydia had no time to admire it. She was on a mission. Although Severus's face did not respond to her rubbing him through his trousers, she could feel him responding underneath her fingers, and this only made her more interested. Perhaps he was finding it harder and harder to concentrate on Irene's words. Lydia had never been so brazen before, but there was something intoxicating about it. She knew she had triumphed when he stood abruptly, adjusting his robes around him and saying that he had things to attend to and he would unfortunately be at the staff party. Lydia took a brief moment to soak in Irene's look of confusion and Minerva's utter amusement before making her own excuses and taking leave of the table before someone could draw her into a meaningless conversation. As she walked into the entrance hall she toyed with the idea of both finding Severus and walking back to her own quarters, letting him suffer on his own. She was surprised when he pulled her into a broom cupboard, of all places, locking the door. "Merlin, Sev, we aren't teenagers," she said, teasing. "Aren't we?" his silky voice said back in the darkness, dripping with warning and danger. "That was a rather childish thing you did." "Was it?" she said, attempting to sound innocent, but she merely sounded breathless as his hands traced up her side in the darkness. She had never had him touch her without being able to see anything, and there was something strangely erotic in it. "Were you jealous?" he asked. Oh, yes, she was definitely jealous, but she didn't want to say so. After all, how often had she pointed out that he didn't have much right to be jealous of Remus when he was still attached to Lily? And what right did she have to be jealous of some horrible woman talking to him when he wasn't even interested in her? And he wasn't, was he? She didn't realize just how important it was to her until Severus was dragging his hands up her sides, his cold lips tracing kisses down her neck. "Sev," she said, trying not to giggle. He hated giggling. "Sev, we're going to be late for the staff party." "That hardly matters," he said, lips against her skin. Her fingers traced up the back of his neck to his scalp and she fought the urges to both push him away and pull him closer. "If we show up late and together," she finally managed to say, "Albus will know where we've been." "He knows everything anyway." "Minerva will know." This gave Severus some pause, and Lydia was both annoyed and relieved when he pulled away from her slightly, probably considering the issue at hand. Lydia knew he had some sort of rivalry with Minerva that was born out of their being heads of Gryffindor and Slytherin, but had become so much more than that. Every little thing they could be competing over, they compared themselves, even when no one else cared. "Very well," he finally said. He kissed her forehead. "We should arrive first then. We should grab a Potions journal to discuss so there is no question of our behavior." Lydia rolled her eyes, tempted to mention the teenage behavior again, but she knew he wouldn't take it so lightly twice. They stopped at his office to grab a journal and hurried to the staff room in order to get there first. They settled in on the sofa, and Lydia had to fight the urge to rest her head on his shoulder as he opened the journal between them. They sat in comfort, reading, for what felt like hours before other professors began shuffling in. Kettleburn greeted them warmly and took a spot by the champagne. Albus gave them that knowing look. Minerva, Pomona, and Irene entered chatting away about some student, and Lydia balled her hands into fists, glaring down at the article on pufferfish eyes in potions. "She behaves well enough for me," Minvera was saying. "Which is to say, with her inability to stay on her own two feet or in a chair for longer than twenty minutes, not especially well." "I presume you are discussing Miss Tonks," Severus said, almost unnaturally loud. Lydia jumped slightly at the volume, and the group of women turned to look at him. "I imagine she must be a terror in your class, Severus," Irene said, smiling that awful smile of hers. Lydia imagined peeling away Irene's lips. As morbid as the thought was, it felt surprisingly good to imagine. "What with all the potential for dangerous accidents." "On the contrary," he said. "She is remarkably well-behaved." Minerva looked unconvinced, raising an eyebrow and narrowing her eyes behind her square spectacles. "But surely she has caused accidents," she said. "After all, in my class, she behaves herself just fine and still manages to cause an accident a week." Severus looked very pleased with himself, that satisfied smirk on his lips as he said, "Actually, Minerva, Miss Tonks has had not a single accident in my class. Unlike most of her inept classmates, she has yet to knock over or explode a single cauldron. She has not burned herself or even put a speck of extra ingredients into her potions. She's quite an exemplary student, and works especially hard to please me. I imagine that she will be the top of her class in Potions, if she continues to learn at such a rate." Lydia had never seen Minerva more surprised, and she half expected to see her former teacher's mouth flop open like a fish. The whole situation was interrupted by Filius, who came over with a tray of champagne, offering it to everyone in the conversation. "Oh, thank you," Irene said, bemused. Even she seemed to recognize that something very bizarre had taken place between Severus and Minerva, and she seemed keen to change the subject. "Lydia, tell me, have you been working on any new research lately?" "Yes." Her expectant expression did not faze Lydia, who simply stared back at her, back to imagining pulling every hair from Irene's head. Lydia suspected that Irene had a small head, as people with big hair often did. There was a grim sort of satisfaction in that thought, that Irene had a smaller head, a smaller brain perhaps. Any little thing to feel superior. "What about?" Pomona prompted, and Lydia felt that she couldn't be rude any longer, particularly because it wasn't Pomona who incited such thoughts of rage. So Lydia explained the basic premise of her research, wishing she could come up with some way to leave the party already. Severus must have sensed her wish, because at the next available lull in the conversation he leaned very close to her ear (ignoring the raised eyebrows of several teachers) and whispered, "Finish your champagne and I'll make our excuses." Although she would rather not finish her champagne, she knew he made a good point. Albus would insist they stay if her glass wasn't empty. So as quickly as she could manage she finished off her drink, and in the middle of one of Irene's inane sentences Severus stood, holding his hand out to help Lydia to her feet. She grasped it, standing. "Come," he said. "We have work." Albus did try to protest, but Severus gave Albus a look that said quite plainly that nothing would keep him at the party and he was welcome to waste his breath trying, and Lydia gave Albus an apologetic smile she didn't really mean. As soon as they left the staff room, Severus began to walk faster, pulling her along with him. Lydia actually squealed with surprise as Severus led her to his quarters as quickly as they go. She didn't even notice that they'd left the potions journal at the party until Severus was unfastening her robes in his bedroom, and she did not think about it long.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my wonderful reader/reviewer, MissRoseAlanaHorton. Thank you for your continued reviews and readership of this story! -C Lydia rubbed her eyes. Severus kept his office far too dark for any real work, but there they were, labeling potions for the infirmary en masse to avoid the rest of the staff. Her hand was cramped and her eyes ached so regularly that she could almost set a watch to the pulsations. Severus did not appear to notice, bending over his own set of vials. "Albus will be very upset with us," Lydia said, breaking the long silence for something to do other than stretch her hand or rub her eyes or write. "We worked right through the New Year's Eve party." Severus snorted. "That was the point, Lydia. Don't tell me you wanted more champagne and at least an hour spent in company with Irene." A wave of anger washed over Lydia every time Irene was even mentioned, and she knew he didn't really want a response by the tone of his voice. She was grateful, because she didn't trust herself to speak, attacking the labels with her quill with renewed vigor. "At any rate," he said, raising his eyebrow, "we ought to take a break." Lydia turned her head so quickly that her neck ached near the base of her head. She rubbed the spot, still wondering if she'd heard him correctly. "Sev, you don't believe in breaks. What exactly are you talking about?" "I may not typically take them," he said, setting down his quill and pushing away the completed set of vials, not pulling toward him the next set. "But you do. And I see no reason not to take advantage of the opportunity." She might have laughed, but she didn't think he would take well to laughter, even if it wasn't making fun of him. Lydia curbed her laughter, and she didn't even flinch when Severus came around his desk, leaning down to kiss her. She reached up and touched his cheek, feeling the chill of his skin on her fingertips as he gently wrapped his own hands along her jawline. He pulled her out of the chair, to standing, kissing all the while. Had the New Year already come in? She didn't know, but this was at least as good of luck as kissing as the year turned. She didn't know what had gotten into Severus lately, but the haste with which he was unfastening her robes wasn't something to argue about. He traced kisses down her jaw and neck as she shrugged off her robes. They traded off, layer by layer, until she was trembling slightly from the cool of the dark office. Severus moved his chair so that there was space between his desk and the fireplace, and he conjured some sort of blankets. He helped her down to the ground, waving his wand to stoke the fire. Lydia tilted her head back to bask in the warmth, and Severus covered her exposed neck with kisses. She enjoyed the sensation, running her hands along the back of his neck and down to his back, feeling the familiar topography of his skin, his shoulder blades, the scars just beside his spine from altercations with his father. They no longer bothered her the way they had when she was young. Everyone their age had scars of some kind. Severus lifted his head and looked down at her, his face unreadable but his eyes seeming to burn in the firelight. "Maybe I should not speak to you more often," she teased as his fingers began to circle her breasts. "If this is how I'm repaid, it's worth the wait." His eyes darkened at her suggestion, and she could see him struggling. He still believed he'd done the right thing when drugging her, and they hadn't finished arguing about it, but he obviously did not want the argument to ruin the moment. She could almost see him setting it aside mentally before he leaned down and kissed her. Lydia savored the taste of his lips, feeling her pulse race as his hands caressed her torso, as his legs nudged hers further apart. She had half a mind to stop him and try to finish the conversation, but his fingers dipped between her legs and she decided it could wait. When he filled her, Lydia felt a moan vibrating her throat, and Severus made a sound she couldn't think of a word for. Not that she tried very hard. Her brain didn't seem to work very well when they were building up friction. The room that had seemed so cold minutes ago felt blazing in short order, and she had the vaguest idea that the fireplace was too hot as he hit a spot inside her she hadn't known existed. She gasped, her voice sounding loud, but far away as he groaned in response. Lydia found herself in so much pleasure that it almost hurt, and she gripped at the blankets madly, feeling a wave of climax building. When she finally reached her peak, Severus was still building the friction levels, and he did not slow his pace, prolonging her climax as she writhed beneath him. She rode the wave for what seemed like an eternity, and he came as she was coming back down. This gave her the opportunity to appreciate how his face contorted as he climaxed, and how the firelight played off his familiar features to enhance the moment. When Lydia caught her breath she lifted herself slightly to press her lips to Severus's, feeling his lips mold to hers lazily and comfortably. The cool of his lips no longer struck her as strange, but as sort of comfortable, almost expected. She would have been more startled to find him warm. Severus rested his head on her breasts and turned his face to watch the firelight. Lydia brushed her fingers through his hair and let her head rest on the blankets. She closed her eyes. As comfortable as they both were, she knew she had to say something. "You shouldn't have drugged me," she whispered. At first she waited for a response, either physical or verbal, and she waited so long that she wondered if she had perhaps not said it out loud after all, or if Severus had fallen asleep on top of her. Finally he said, "You needed it." "My choice." "You weren't even capable of speech, Lydia. You were in a frenzy." "I was not," she said, feeling a bit indignant. "I was perfectly calm, Sev, I just really didn't feel like speaking." He lifted his head off her breasts and she felt her whole torso going a bit cold. He narrowed his eyes at her and said, "If you are in denial, there isn't really much point in us fighting about it." "Me?" she snorted. "Me in denial? Don't lecture me about how I should behave when I'm upset, Severus. I seem to recall you locking yourself away for an entire week without speaking, eating one meal a day because one of your roommates forced you to go to the kitchens every night." Severus clenched his hands into fists, and for a brief moment she was afraid she'd pushed him too far on Lily. She had always known that Severus's emotions where Lily were concerned were violent and erratic, just below a surface of forced calm. Her heart began to pound as she waited for some sort of reaction. "That was one fight," he said slowly. "Our first big fight. Our…our last. I had lost her, and we all knew it. It isn't the same." Lydia frowned, trying to find a way to point out that it was, actually, the same, but he shook his head and said, "No, Lydia. Lupin will follow you around like a puppy wherever you go, forward and backward, getting carried away and then pushing you away, for the rest of your lives if you let him. Lily was never like that. When she was done, she was done. And only you could have changed her mind, and you refused." Lydia snorted. "Sev, I could never change her mind." "You never tried," he said, almost bitterly, moving off her and sitting up. Lydia admired how his skin almost looked unmarred in the firelight, and she wanted to trace the dusting of hair on his chest, but now was not the time. "You never exercised any of the power you had in your friendship." "What power?" Lydia sat up beside him, placing her hand on his elbow, just above the Dark Mark, but he did not flinch away from her touch, did not tense. He was becoming more comfortable with her being around the mark, as it wasn't as though it were going away. "She cared about you, Lydia, and she respected you. I believe she was the only one in that group who ever truly respected you." She licked her lips, resting her head on his shoulder as she thought back. "No," she said. "Mary did, and…and as much as I know you don't want to hear it, James always did." Severus did tense at that, and after a pause, probably to keep himself from bursting out with a mass of vile things to say about James, he said, "He respected your Quidditch abilities." "No," she said. "Well, yes, he did, but he respected me as well. When people picked on me, he stood up for me. He always spoke up against Organza, and Slytherins who picked on me. And when I was living with Sirius, he didn't treat me as Sirius's girlfriend. He respected me as much as he respected Sirius, sometimes even more." Severus's jaw worked as they sat in silence, and she knew he was biting back words about James, things she could easily imagine him saying. Something about James pitying her, not respecting her, perhaps. And he might have been right to suggest it. But she was glad that he didn't. She didn't realize she was crying until he kissed her head and wiped the tears off her cheek. All the talk of Lily and James, it made her chest feel tight and her head feel dizzy. Sometimes she would wonder what Harry looked like, if he was more like his mum or his dad, and how things would have been if she'd agreed to be his godmother, if she'd been able to raise him. Merlin forbid, but sometimes she thought of such things, when she was particularly grief-stricken. But no time for such things, she thought, shaking her head and looking up at Severus again. "So you won't drug me again?" "I don't make impossible promises." "You won't drug me again without my permission?" "Lydia, I dislike repeating myself." "Sev." His jaw tightened, and she knew she would get no promise out of him, and while it was vexing she supposed she couldn't expect him to make promises he knew he would not keep. He would never ask her to do such a thing. "Happy New Year," she sighed, pressing a kiss to his shoulder. Severus smirked. "It is almost noon, Lydia." Her head jerked up to check the clock, and she felt stunned and horrified to find that he was right. They had worked through the night, had sex through breakfast, and they were likely to have lazed right through lunch if he hadn't said anything. "We have to get dressed," she said frantically. "We've wasted the day, we're going to miss lunch—" Severus punctuated her rant with a kiss, holding her down from standing. For a brief moment she forgot what she was about to do and she instinctively reached out for his shoulder to steady herself. When the kiss broke he said, "Are you hungry?" "N-no." "Then there is nothing we need to dress for." "But Poppy is expecting the restock potions, and—" He kissed her neck and said, "They aren't urgent. Poppy can wait." Before she could say anything, as he was beginning to nibble gently on her collarbone, someone knocked sharply at the door. Lydia pulled away from Severus abruptly, feeling very much like a guilty teenager, like when the other Marauders walked in on her and Sirius after the Quidditch match. Severus looked puzzled, but he held a finger to her lips as she crouched behind the desk. He said nothing, though, and she heard a slight scraping sound, by the door after a pause. When whoever it was left – by the sound of retreating footsteps – Severus stood, crossed to the door, and quickly came back. "Mail, apparently," he said, turning over a letter and handing it to Lydia while he opened a note. "Albus," he said, bitterness in his voice. "Naturally. He must have known somehow that…. Well, he says we were missed at the party and breakfast and he expects we will be missed at lunch, and he wanted you to receive your post. How bloody thoughtful." Lydia was not listening as Severus continued to read and give his irritated commentary on the note. She was too busy reading the letter. Lydia, Maybe it goes without saying at this point, but forgive me. I won't burden you with excuses. No doubt you have already guessed what I would say, anyway. But I will say that I let things get out of hand in more ways than one, and I never should have written that last letter. I don't have a right to even ask, but I was hoping to see you. Maybe we could reschedule tea, or get drinks, or something. My schedule has…opened up. So just say the word. I hope your holiday has gone well. Happy Christmas (late, I admit), and Happy New Year, and maybe by Easter I will have redeemed myself enough for lunch or something. -Remus Lydia didn't realize that she was smiling, but she must have been, because Severus's voice stopped her from rereading the letter. "That had better not be what I think it is." She looked over the top of the letter feeling slightly abashed. After all, she was sort of in bed with Severus and reading a letter from Remus. That had to be crossing some sort of boundaries. She went to set the letter aside, intent on apologizing, when Severus snatched it out of her hand. His eyes grazed the short letter smoothly and quickly. "Pathetic," he snorted. "I can't believe he thinks this is an apology." "Oh, you don't know anything about apologies," Lydia said, trying to snatch it back. Severus held the letter behind his back, but he pressed his forehead to hers and said, "You know, I rather thought you enjoyed my apology." She could feel her pulse race, but she said, "Funny way of apologizing. I'm not sure I would have accepted it if I'd known that was how you meant it." His face contorted slightly and he pulled away from her face. She hadn't meant it to sound quite so harsh, and if she tried to take it back he would think she was only saying it out of pity, so she chewed on the inside of her lip, waiting for him to formulate a response. His jaw stiffened and his fists clenched again, almost dangerously tight. "Excuse me," he said, standing, grabbing his trousers off the floor. "I suppose that trying to do what was best for your health is a worse offense by far than upsetting you to the point of not being able to form words. Apparently I don't… I…" Lydia shook her head and said, "Sev, that's not what I meant and you know it." She stood and his eyes grazed her figure for a fraction of a second before he turned away to pick up his robes. "Sev, please, they're completely different and you know it." "The only difference," he said, buttoning his shirt, "is that you will forgive that wolf of practically anything, and yet no matter the seriousness of what I have done you hold me to exacting standards." "I think you've confused me with Lily again," Lydia said coldly, knowing it was the wrong thing to say, but she couldn't stop herself. "In case you forget, next time remember that I'm the one who actually will sleep with you and she's the one who died hating you." "Don't you dare," he said, clenching his hands so tightly that veins protruded on his arms, around the Mark, which seemed darker for some reason. "Don't you dare mock Lily." "She was human, Severus. She had flaws." "Your beloved Lupin isn't even that!" he said, pulling on his robes and fastening them, his eyes flashing with rage. "He's something quite a bit less. I bet he lies awake on the full moon and hungers for your flesh." The sound Lydia made, the unearthly shriek that came from her overwhelming frustration, anger, and shame startled both her and Severus. All pretense of control was gone from his face and he looked at her as if he'd never seen her before. Before she even began to cry he adjusted his robes and left the office, slamming the door behind him so that some of the jars on the shelves reverberated, rattling against each other. Lydia slid to the floor again, shaking, burning with anger and shame. They had taken things too far this time, and she knew it. She didn't know if it was his fault or hers, or if it mattered. In that moment, she really didn't care. All she wanted was just to figure out how to breathe, how to stop crying. She needed to get out of his office, needed to put distance between herself and his space, but she couldn't even control herself long enough to dress. She felt a horrible, stabbing pain in her chest, in her head, and an aching in her limbs. She was mad at Severus, she was mad at Remus, and she was furious with herself. And she felt more alone than she'd done since she lost Lily and James and Peter and Sirius all in one night.
A/N: Once again, this chapter is dedicated to the fabulous MissRoseAlanaHorton, who has finally reviewed ALL POSTED CHAPTERS. Wow. What a crazy ride that was, masses of updates at a time. Also, we are closing in on 500 reviews with amazing rapidity. I'll have to think quickly of a prize for whoever brings us over that threshold. Should be interesting. :D -C Lydia rubbed her eyes, pushing aside the fifth year essays and pulling the third year stack toward her. She stretched, glancing up at the clock. If she didn't finish for the night soon she'd never manage to wake up in time to get to breakfast. Not that she particularly wanted to go to breakfast, but Albus told her that he expected her to be there no matter if she and Severus were still not speaking. He seemed to think that forcing them to sit by each other at meals would somehow smooth the breech, but Lydia wasn't so sure. She missed him, but the things they had said to each other…. Perhaps some things could not be forgiven. Severus didn't seem any closer to apologizing, and she certainly wouldn't be the first to apologize this time. The things he'd said about Remus, however he felt about him, were atrocious. She picked up the essay on the top of the stack, turning it over in her hands without really reading it. She didn't even have a sense of whose it was. The Barbary girl, perhaps. Maybe Lulu. Their handwriting was so similar. The words on the page bled through her mind, melting and blurring together, not meaning anything of significance. There was a reason she was behind on work. She couldn't work late anymore, couldn't work to the point where the only light was firelight and candlelight, because once that was all that remained she could hear Severus's insults echoing in her head. Less than human. She had never cared much about the politics of blood purity. She never had a problem with Muggle-borns, Muggles, half-breeds. After all, her own mother had been a Muggle, and in spite of her failings she was an immeasurably kind woman. And Remus, Remus was one of the most kind, intelligent, gentle people she had ever known and once a month he wasn't even human. Lydia never judged Severus's beliefs. In a way, she understood them very well, in a way Lily had never been able to see. The Muggle world had been exceptionally cruel to Severus, beaten him down, left him scarred and emotionally broken. The hatred of half-breeds probably grew out of the supremacy of pure blood that had attracted him as a reaction to his father's monstrosity. But then, James and Sirius had been pureblood. Blood traitors, but still. By his own ideology Severus had been less than them. Lydia set down the essay, feeling dizzy with this realization. No wonder he had hated them so much, no wonder he always felt possessive of Lydia and Lily were Sirius and James were concerned. He felt inherently inferior to them, and all he could tell himself where the Marauders were concerned was that at least he was always better than Remus, because Remus wasn't even human. Lydia stood abruptly, feeling a bit queasy as she tried to digest this information, this realization. Severus might not have been lining up to find a way to bring Voldemort back from the dead, but he still held his ideas about blood purity, obviously. And those beliefs were probably very complicated and confusing for him. Bitterly, she realized it was the one thing she would always have over Lily. No matter how much he loved and desired Lily, she would always be a Mudblood in his eyes. Lydia was at least a Half-blood. In spite of her practicalities in staying out of the blood debates, Lydia couldn't deny how sick the thought made her feel, that blood purity was her edge over Lily Potter. It felt disgusting, degrading to her best friend's memory. Did Severus ever think such things when he was balancing his feelings for Lily with his actions with Lydia? Did he ever remind himself that at least Lydia wasn't a Mudblood? Lydia picked up a book and threw it. It skimmed the top of the sofa back and fell to the floor behind the sofa with an unsatisfying smack of the binding hitting stone like a belly flop. She toyed with the idea of throwing her ink well, but she knew she would only have to clean it up, and she was tired. What she needed was sleep, but how could she sleep when she was so upset? She could take a sedative, but she'd not been able to look at them the same way since Severus slipped on into her soup, and she hadn't liked them very much to begin with. She turned back to the essays, fairly certain it was Lulu's essay on the top of the stack, although she couldn't say why. If she was being fair to her students, she really ought to take something to calm herself and continue with the grading, but she knew she wouldn't take something. And staying up to grade as she was invited spiraling into a destructive fury. It was bad enough Albus was forcing her to go to breakfast in the morning. What good did tearing apart her quarters in the meantime do? With a measure of reluctance, stubbornly refusing to put any potions in her system, Lydia gave in and went to bed, curling up and forcing her mind to think of anything other than the things she'd been focusing on, the people that made her feel so angry. Her mind went to Artemis, the way Artemis would smile when she had a plan for something. And she always was scheming and planning something. Lydia closed her eyes, thinking of all of the innocent and less-than-innocent schemes of Artemis. What would she have said if she could see Lydia now? Before Lydia could interpolate any thoughts for Artemis, she did manage to fall asleep, but she woke in the morning feeling terrible. Valentine's Day. It was a day she was already not especially fond of, but of late Severus had been making it bearable. Now that they weren't speaking, how painful would it be? She supposed she could always write Remus, but things were still tender there, and it might scare him into avoiding her again. Even if all she wanted was just someone to keep her company, distract her. No, Remus would be the wrong choice. She supposed she could have tea with Pomona or something. Maybe visit Hagrid after classes. But first she had to make it through breakfast, which wouldn't be easy. Lydia dressed, packed up her papers and books for the day, stooping to pick up the introductory text from the floor, where it had landed after her outburst the night before. She turned it over in her hand, feeling a bit guilty for throwing the book. Madam Pince would have had her throat for such behavior. She'd probably never let her in the library every again if she found out. Lydia simply sighed, pushing it into her bag and leaving her quarters for breakfast. Severus was there, of course, looking pointedly at his eggs as she sat down. Minerva greeted her, and Lydia replied, helping herself to sausage. The sooner she finished eating, the sooner she could leave. "Good morning, Lydia," Irene chirped, and Lydia's usual rage at Irene paled in comparison with the wave of fury Lydia felt at hearing her voice today. "Good morning Minerva, Severus." Minerva responded and Lydia hummed her reply, pouring pumpkin juice as Severus actually said a full good morning. He didn't even look at Lydia, but he greeted this…this…woman? Lydia felt the urge to throw something again, but she looked out at the students and tried to block the sound of Irene's insipid voice from her mind to keep from losing it. She hovered between the urge to throw a knife at Irene's skull and an urge to run right out of the room and vomit in the hedgerows just outside the castle. Sometimes there was a relief after vomiting, a relief that would be welcome after more than a month of growing anxiety and frustration and pain. Small. That was the word, that was how she felt, sitting there next to Severus. Hard to imagine that less than two months prior he'd been touching her leg under the table at the Christmas feast and pulling her into broom cupboards, and now he wouldn't even meet her eye. She felt terribly, achingly distant from him, and while she was still so furious she felt like a small child curled up on the staircase while her parents screamed, like she was looking at herself and Severus from somewhere outside of herself and all she wanted was for them to just stop fighting. She finished breakfast with almost uncomfortable rapidity and hurried to her classroom. Lydia went about her day, teaching without much vigor, struggling to concentrate on the flow of the classes. She had to apologize to the third years for not finishing with their essays and assured them she would finish grading over the weekend and that if they wanted to discuss the essays with her before class on Monday that she would be in her office on Sunday afternoon. She would probably have writing or calculations to do, if she could make herself focus on one thought long enough to accomplish either. The day felt both tediously long and like it was rushing past her too quickly for her mind to keep up with. By the end of the afternoon she was standing behind her desk, trying to decide what to do now that she had no further obligations for the day. She toyed with the idea of calling on another professor, having tea with Hagrid, perhaps even dropping by Albus's office and talking about…whatever he wanted to talk about except Remus or Severus. He could be insensitive at times, but surely he wouldn't be so cruel. But then, she didn't feel she wanted to risk it. Instead she packed up her things, stuffing her bag full, and she left her classroom. There was no point going to her office. She would get no work done with her mind as scattered and frustrated as it was. So she returned to her quarters, tossing her bag aside, rubbing her eyes and crossing to her drinks cabinet. She fished around for something, anything that would make her feel better. But everything seemed to have some weight of memory on it, something she'd shared with Severus or with Remus, something Sirius had liked or something Lily had tolerated. Everything in the bloody castle seemed to be suffocating her with memories, even her own things. Lydia slammed the cabinet shut, sitting down on the sofa, then standing and sitting in an armchair because the sofa felt empty without Severus sitting with her. She thought about starting a fire to stave off the winter chill, but she couldn't stand the thought of the flames laughing at her. She couldn't go to bed because she wasn't tired and she would stare at the ceiling thinking of how Severus had held her in that bed. There had to be somewhere she could go, something she could do to escape the trapped feeling she had. She toyed with the idea of going down to the Quidditch pitch and flying, but even if that hadn't been full of memories of James and Mary, it was too cold for such a thing. She hated flying in the snow even in school, with the wind burning her face. She pulled her knees to her chest at the thought of wind chill and she buried her face in her knees, desperately trying to find something she could do. Before she could come up with something, there was a knock at the door, and she froze, looking at the door feeling mildly terrified. Could it be Remus? Or perhaps worse still, Albus or Minerva come to tell her to get over her pride and pain and apologize to Severus for the sake of employee relations? She could believe it of Albus, but she was fairly certain Minerva would rather try to force Severus to apologize than ask Lydia to give in first. Hesitantly, she crossed the room and opened the door. She felt a numbing shock to find Severus's dark eyes staring back at her. He stood there in the corridor, holding a bottle of mead, standing almost awkwardly as she just stared up at him. He cleared his throat. "May I come in?" Still a bit bewildered, Lydia took a step back to let him in, blinking at him as she closed the door behind him. He set the mead down on the side table and turned back to look at her, his mask of indifference twitching as they stared at each other in silence. Finally he said, "Lydia, would you believe me if I said I didn't mean any of it?" "No," she said softly, watching the pain in his eyes with an almost-satisfaction that made her nauseous again. "Because I know you meant every word." His jaw twitched as he bit the inside of his cheek, his nostrils flaring as they continued to stare at each other. After a long, stiff pause he said, "I suppose it was foolish to come." Before he could take a step she said, "Why did you?" He blinked at her. "Because…because I miss you, Lydia." Her mind went back to breakfast and she felt dizzy with anger again. "What, when you've got Professor Tesar cooing at you?" His eyes flashed with anger and he said, "She is nothing, Lydia. She is simply a pleasant woman who takes interest in the people around her." Lydia opened her mouth to say something acerbic that she'd only half-formed, but he cut her off, saying, "You, Lydia, you are my only friend. My best friend. She is nothing." She should have felt more relieved, more pleased, but she still hurt very pointedly from the things he'd said before, and she still wanted to destroy everything in her quarters with the rage at how he'd treated her. He seemed to realize how conflicted she was, and he took a slow step forward, putting a hand on her arm when she shrank away slightly. He held her arm firmly, though, without squeezing. "Lydia, I won't pretend I didn't mean it, the things I said about Lupin. But I am sorry that I said them. You were already in pain and there was no need for me to make it worse." She fought the tears forming in her eyes as she nodded. Severus sighed, pulling her into a hug, holding her against his chest as she blinked rapidly. Her arms slowly snaked around his torso, clutching him with all the fury still raging through her. For some reason, holding him in that hug provided more satisfaction, more release than all the things she'd thrown in frustration over the past month. "I'm still mad at you," she finally said, not looking up at him, aware her voice was muffled with her face pressed into his chest. He kissed the top of her head. "I know." "Aren't you mad at me?" "It was never you I was mad at, Lydia. I was frustrated. That isn't the same thing." She began to cry in full, twitching with the force of the sobs, and Severus led her over to the sofa, where he helped her to sit and poured her a glass of mead. She looked at the glass he was offering her with suspicion but he said, "I never drug a gift, Lydia, as a rule. Here, I'll take a sip first." He did so, and she could see it actually entering his mouth. She allowed him to press the glass to her lips, took a few sips of the warming drink, letting the natural calming effect of the alcohol spread through her. "I miss them so much," she admitted when he set the glass down, pouring more for both of them. She curled up in his side. "All of them." Severus said nothing, wrapping his arm around her almost instinctively when she pressed against him. He kissed the top of her head again, holding her tightly as she sipped her drink. Lydia closed her eyes as he started a fire and held her silently, like he was worried that if he let go she would leave him alone. "I'm sorry," she finally said after half an hour of silence and two glasses of mead. "I shouldn't have said those things to you." "It is nothing," he whispered. "You had every right." "I had no right at all," she said bitterly. "It doesn't matter what you said to me. There was no reason to be cruel." His lips twitched and she knew he wanted to point out that he was cruel first, but he didn't want to put himself in a position of saying he meant everything he said. If she was being honest, though, she'd meant everything she'd said as well. She couldn't be too harsh on him. "I'm still mad at you," she said weakly as he poured a third glass of mead for each of them, the end of the bottle. "Indeed," he said, passing her glass and raising an eyebrow. "I expect nothing less. Shall I order dinner here?" "Yes, please." He kissed her forehead again and called a house-elf. She paid no attention, pressing her face against his collarbone, feeling his arm reflexively tighten around her, holding her closer. As mad as she knew she still was, she didn't truthfully feel it in that moment. The only think she could feel was relief and peace. She didn't care if he didn't speak to her for a week starting tomorrow, as long as he didn't let go tonight.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/review NanamiYatsumaki, whose lovely review of the last chapter kicked me in gear for starting this one. Sorry to make you sad, dear. But that's the way of life, I'm afraid, those ups and downs. Hope this one makes things a little better. -C They had not truly forgotten their troubles by March, but Lydia and Severus were pointedly ignoring them at that point, and the awkwardness no longer hampered their actions. In fact, Lydia could think of very little with Severus nibbling on her ear, warm water flowing over their bodies. Showering together hadn't been her idea. Lydia knocked a harmless potion on herself while helping him brew. Nothing that would cause any permanent damage, just temporary itching. Severus had graciously offered that she use his shower to get it off her skin quickly and thoroughly, and she thought nothing of it. Until he followed her in several minutes later. Her heart began to race as he pulled off his clothes on the other side of the screen, and she purposefully turned her back when he entered, playing as though she hadn't noticed him enter. She was rinsing some soap off her skin when Severus stepped up behind her, brushing her soaked hair over one shoulder and pressing a kiss to the nape of her neck. Maybe it was too easy to just close her eyes, to feel his hands caress her skin as he laved her neck with kisses. If there was anything she'd learned while with Sirius, though, it was that sometimes conversations could wait for later, especially the painful ones. She took a deep breath, turning to face Severus and smiling at him a little as she wrapped her arms around his neck. With Sirius, hiding in the bathroom, taking a shower, they were things of sanctuary when she wanted to be alone, and she had been a little tense when Severus first stepped into the bathroom. Now, though, she was enjoying that he was pushing her against the wall of the shower, his eyes dark as he carefully pressed into her, tracing his fingers down her body as he kissed her. She was a bit worried she might lose her balance, but Severus seemed to have a good hold on her, in case that happened. Lydia used her tongue to part his lips, touching her tongue to his, enjoying the way their breath mingled in the steamy shower. The sensation of both the water and his fingertips exploring her skin was strange, but not unwelcome, and she did not fight as he adjusted his stance to push her legs apart. She felt a bit off-balance like this, but he held her tightly against the wall, and he seemed confident. He moved his lips to her collarbone and she felt him mumble something against her skin, but she couldn't hear it over the sound of the cascading water. She was going to ask him to repeat it, but then he adjusted his stance once more and inserted himself in her suddenly. Lydia gasped at the shock of being full without warning, and she barely had a moment to process the sensation before he began to build the friction. The idea of friction when their bodies were slippery and wet was strange, but it was obviously possible, because her knees gave out from the overwhelming sensation of him. He held her up by pressing her against the wall, and she wondered vaguely if maybe this wasn't the best idea he'd had. Several moments later, his knees gave out too, and he slipped on the floor of the shower. Lydia could not regain her own footing and fell on top of him, gasping in pain and confusion at how quickly everything happened. Severus growled in confusion and frustration, sitting up slightly. "Are you alright?" he asked, his eyes grazing her body for signs of injury. "I'm fine," she lied, feeling the stinging on her legs. "You?" "I am not bleeding," he said evasively, leaning forward to kiss her again. Lydia laughed into the kiss, but allowed him to pull her closer, noting that the fall hadn't made him any less hard. She closed her eyes as he carefully turned them over, laying her on her back on the cool floor of the shower, water falling onto his back. She had to keep her eyes closed as the droplets covered her face while he kissed her neck, thrusting into her once more. Lydia gasped, feeling the water enter her mouth as he entered her body, and she quickly forgot all about the aching of her legs to focus on a different sort of ache. He kept a hand beneath her head to keep her from injuring herself as she thrashed and writhed. The explosion of warmth in her core when he came was strange and, she decided as she came down from her high, quite nice. They did shower quickly after that, and Severus helped her dry off with a warm towel, leading her back out to his quarters and making some tea. He lit a fire. "You are still cold," he said, frowning. "I'll get you some things from your quarters." "No, Sev, that's really fine," she said as he conjured a blanket and wrapped it around her towel-wrapped body. "The potion should work out of my clothes in an hour or so. Unless you're that eager to get rid of me." He raised his eyebrows and said, "Hardly." Lydia smiled, leaning back slightly as he opened the blanket he had wrapped around her, slipping a hand in to undo her towel, leaning forward to kiss her. She returned the kiss, letting his hand caress her breast under the blanket, ignoring the coolness of his skin breaking into the warmth of her blanket cocoon. They snogged lazily on his sofa for nearly two hours before she began to shiver, the blanket having fallen off her shoulders and the fire going down. "I apologize," Severus said, pulling back. "No, don't argue, Lydia, your lips are turning blue." She clicked her tongue, but she couldn't stop her teeth from chattering, so she agreed it was time to dress again. When she stood, however, Severus made a hissing sound that caused her to whip around, surprised. "What's wrong?" she demanded. "Your legs," he said, looking almost sad, for him. Lydia did look down at her thighs and saw the worst bruises she'd had in years. They were hideous, massive purple welts, several the sizes of large fists, right where her body had come in contact with the floor. He stood to trace his fingers over them, and that was when she learned that she also had some on her back and hips, where he pushed her against the wall, where he grabbed at her. "Does it hurt?" he demanded. "Only a little," she lied. The ones on her back and hips were fine, but the ones on her legs burned when touched. "They look worse than they are, as always." To her surprise, he sat on the floor, touching a pair of large bruises on her left thigh. He pressed a gentle kiss to them. "I didn't mean to hurt you," he said, not looking up at her. Lydia held her breath, wondering if a full apology was coming for all the things they had been avoiding. She didn't want the apology, not yet. She wasn't ready for it. To her relief, he simply pressed a few more kisses on her bruised thigh before standing, insisting that she let him try to heal them. "My bruise paste is in my quarters, Sev," she argued. "Look, I'll dress, I go to my quarters, I'll get some things, and I'll be back, alright?" "Bring work," he said, frowning as he gave in, sitting back on the sofa. "I'll make tea." Lydia agreed that she would, kissing his forehead before leaving. She gathered up some work and stuck her bruise paste in her bag. She knew that he was going heal is own injuries while she was gone, but she didn't mind. If he felt that letting her see his injuries would be an issue for his pride, then she wasn't about to argue. She hurried back down to his quarters and found him pouring tea. Perhaps everything he had was a quick fix, and perhaps he would fix it later. She smiled as he set down her teacup and ushered her toward the sofa. She allowed him to peel off her robes, her dress, and she rolled onto her stomach as directed as he dipped his fingers into the jar of paste. The paste was even cooler than his fingers, and she sucked in a breath when it made contact with her skin. He brushed it over the bruises gently but thoroughly. "That's better," he said after a few moments of work. "The darker ones are starting to fade." "Good," she sighed, resting her head on the armrest. "You know it really didn't hurt much." "Still." Lydia closed her eyes, letting him finish with the paste. When he was done she dressed again, they sat on the sofa, curled up together, sipping their tea. Well, Severus sipped while Lydia allowed the steam of hers to tickle her nose, simply holding the cup against her lips and breathing deeply. "I can cool it," he said, amused. "Don't," she said. "I like this part, waiting, soaking in the experience of holding a hot cup of tea." "You've never said that before," Severus said, frowning at her thoughtfully. "So you really don't want me cooling your tea for you?" Lydia just smiled, shrugging sheepishly as she recalled the way Sirius would always insist on cooling her tea for her. He never could wait for anything, couldn't appreciate the value of letting things run their natural course, without magic. Severus hummed, still thoughtful as he kissed her hair. "Did you bring work with you, then?" "Yes, some grading and a bit of my calculations." "Oh? Did you finally break down and start looking at the numbers Albus was shoving in your face?" "I've taken them, but I'm not looking at them until Easter. I can pretend I'm busy until then." Severus rolled his eyes, but Lydia shrugged. She didn't want to get involved with genetic Arithmancy, and until she could find some excuse to put an end to it once and for all, the best she could do was slow the projects Albus were throwing at her eagerly. Perhaps he had forgotten that there were still plenty of Death Eaters lurking at large, but Lydia certainly hadn't. It wasn't even a matter of fear for her life, but she wanted to continue in her academic work, to avoid unnecessary politics that could shut her down. After all, Lucius Malfoy had friends everywhere, and he was just one man. She'd stayed away from work on creature's rights as well, in a similar way, because Severus warned her that a former Death Eater was in the department. He didn't say which one, just that he didn't advise drawing attention to herself. That was advice Lydia never needed much coaxing to take, so she understood his frustration with how ineffective her efforts were to avoid the numbers Albus kept throwing at her on blood purity concerns. She felt the same frustration. But Severus knew as well as anyone what a force of nature Albus could be. He couldn't really blame her. But neither of them needed much prompt to be frustrated with Albus. Lydia settled on an ottoman around the front side of Severus's desk while Severus sat behind it, organizing the stacks of essays he was going to grade. She always felt a bit sick at the number of essays he had to work with. Even her own stack of assignments usually made her a bit queasy, but he had at least twice the number she did, realistically about three times more. "Go ahead and spread out," he said, moving some books to the floor. "Essays?" "Problem sets, mostly." He hummed his acknowledgment of her answer and they began to work in earnest, falling into a perfectly harmonious silence as only the ticking of his clock and the scratching of their quills on parchment filled the air. After about an hour he stoked the fire and some crackling could be heard in the background. Half an hour after that she made them some tea and she tried not to think about the slight slurping noise he made when he was concentrating on something other than his drink. She was fairly certain she was the only person still alive who had ever heard him slurp his tea. After about two and a half hours of work, though, both of them were becoming a bit agitated. She had taken his invitation to spread out quite at face value. After all, she was used to having quite a bit of space for work, and she used every inch of it. Like someone not realizing they have wrapped the whole blanket they were supposed to be sharing about their own person, Lydia hadn't realized that she had taken up almost two thirds of Severus's desk with her papers, and instead was frustrated that she didn't seem to have enough room for everything. Suddenly, it seemed as though the small portion of his desk Severus actually did use was an unreasonable amount. Based on the way Severus was frowning every time her papers found themselves creeping ever closer to him, he wasn't particularly fond of the way she was spreading and thought that she was the unreasonable one. Finally, he said, irritation obvious in his voice, "Must you be so slovenly with your papers?" The word choice stung, but no more so than his usual diction. "You did tell me to spread out." "I didn't mean monopolize my space," he growled. "Your education was more questionable than I realized if you don't understand basic concepts like how much of someone's desk you can use." Lydia fought the urge to roll her eyes and she leaned back slightly, seeing just how much of his desk she was covering for the first time and feeling a bit guilty. She didn't want to admit she was wrong, but she didn't feel right insisting on staying where she was. "I'll move to the floor, then," she said, forcing stubbornness into her voice. "Plenty of room there." He touched her hand as she moved to gather up her papers in order to move to the floor. "No," he said with agitation in his voice, his neck tight. "Don't be ridiculous, Lydia. You would be horribly uncomfortable down there." "It's nothing, Sev, really." "You say that, but you'll be shifting every five minutes in an effort to keep your legs awake. On the floor you will simply be a distraction." She fought rolling her eyes once more and said, "Well, maybe I should work in my quarters, then." Severus squeezed her hand firmly and said, "No, Lydia. Stay. Don't…. Here." He pulled out his wand and drew it about it the air steadily. She watched a thin chalk line appearing on the table beneath their papers, dividing the desk in half. Lydia licked her lips, sitting back down and pulling her papers onto her side of the line, trying not to show her frustration at how small of a space it was. She really did have half a mind to say that she ought to just go back to her own quarters, but he was still gripping her hand, so she didn't think he would take well to that suggestion. "We're not very good at this, are we?" she said, trying to keep the mood light. He raised an eyebrow looking around at their papers, obviously wondering what she was talking about. "Sharing, Sev. We're not very good at sharing." He frowned slightly, but she knew he agreed. Why wouldn't he? Only children, largely ignored by parents, living alone much of their lives. Even given the years she spent with Sirius, Lydia had lived much of her teenaged years alone to compensate. They did things the way they wanted, without having to think about others very often. For a moment, she thought he was about to say something, but he simply turned down to his work. His face was passive, but by the set of his shoulders, by the look in his eyes before he looked down, she knew he was turning something over in his mind. Perhaps it was her words. Perhaps something else. It hardly mattered. Her work would be just the same, but she couldn't help but feel he was somehow watching her without looking at her as she bent her head over her work, trying to find her place once more. She knew that their fight hadn't been much of a fight. Perhaps neither of them really cared so much, but perhaps they were both too nervous about the fights they'd already had. It was growing difficult, she knew, the way they struggled over the same issues over and over. She knew the stress where Remus was concerned was wearing thin, and she didn't know how long Severus would continue to be as patient as he had been. The thought that he might leave her caused a tightness in her chest. Acting on an urge to make him realize how important he was to her, how much she appreciated his attentions and support, Lydia reached over to where his left hand rested beside a stack of essays he was reading and she grazed his fingertips with hers. He looked up at her, confused. "Thank you," she said softly. His eyes were still questioning, but she just smiled, unable to really voice what she meant and not wanting to try. She lifted his hand to her lips and kissed his fingertips and his face softened. In some capacity, he understood. When she let go of his hand he laced his fingers with hers and they sat there for over an hour, holding hands as they worked.
Lydia wasn't listening to the scratching of quills as her students worked on the problem set she gave them for practice. Her eyes were glued to the article in the social pages that Severus had refused to discuss with a very eager and anxious Irene Tesar. Walburga Black, Matron of the Noble family and the last non-imprisoned to bear the surname Black, had just passed away in the night. Lydia's eyes skimmed the lengthy and meaningless bio of the bitter, awful woman who had made Sirius's life such a hell for so many years. She drove one son to the Death Eaters, where he died, and then Lydia didn't even want to think about how Sirius had been influenced by his mother, in the end. Did Sirius receive newspapers in his cell? She had half a mind to send this story to him. She wasn't certain how he would react, but he might get a laugh out of it. He'd told her once that his mother was too intent on ruining his life to die. Walburga had never approved of his "courting" a half-blood, never mind which half-blood. Was she proud of her elder son before her death, or repentant? The time and date and place for the funeral were listed at the bottom and Lydia entertained the idea of visiting the funeral, just to see who bothered to show. All of the elite purebloods, of course. The Malfoys, naturally. Maybe the Selwyns, the Notts. So many of the old families were either wiped out or entirely enclosed in the walls of Azkaban after the war. Lydia didn't suppose the funeral would be particularly well-attended, even for the sake of propriety. She looked up to see that the time she had given the students had elapsed, and several were finished and beginning to look bored. Teenagers had an uncanny ability to cultivate that look in an instant. "Alright," she said, closing the paper abruptly, setting aside the whole thing and standing. "Time is up. Take a moment to finish the step you are working on and set down your quills." As soon as all the quills were down, she waved her wand to collect the problem set. "I expect you all did fine, she said, noticing a few girls in the back looking slightly sick when she collected the papers. "Remember, we still have three weeks until exams. I know you have a lot of work for your other classes as well, but I am going to make every effort to available to you at all hours." She paused, frowning slightly, and said, "Well, all hours where you wouldn't be breaking curfew to drop by my office." The students laughed, which was refreshing. Seventh year students weren't doing much laughing anymore, so caught up with the oncoming N.E.W.T.s. Several students had already fainted during preparation for exams, and one girl in Slytherin had a nervous breakdown in Severus's class the week before. Lydia wished he would have been a bit more sensitive to the girl, but it wasn't in his nature. "I won't be in my office tomorrow before lunch," she said, "because we have a staff meeting. But otherwise, my door is open." "Tonight?" one of the girls in the back squeaked. "What time?" Lydia asked, thinking of Sirius's invitation to dinner in his quarters. The girl shifted as all the attention in the room shifted to her. "Erm, maybe after dinner?" Lydia pursed her lips. She could hardly say to her students that she couldn't see them because she was having dinner with their Potions Master. On the other hand, she didn't feel she could put off the night with Severus when they'd both been so busy for days. "I'll tell you what," she said slowly, "I want to give you all a chance to think about your notes and assignments, to really form your questions before you come to me so we can get the most out of your time. How about we start the open office policy tomorrow morning after lunch instead." A couple of girls at the back looked a bit nervous about this, but it was agreed with nods from the students and Lydia felt relieved. As she planned, she spent the rest of the period reviewing some of the more complex aspects of event theory that they had covered at the end of the last year, ones that they had particularly struggled with come time for the exam. "I promise you," she told them, "that this will definitely be on the exam. I hope you don't find this conceited, but the Rowe Event Theorems are a major point to be covered in N.E.W.T. study, and if you don't know how to do this, it will drop you a whole grade from where you would otherwise be. So those of you worried about passing, I encourage you to focus on these theorems." Again, the girls at the back paled and one looked as though she might be physically sick. Lydia wanted to feel sorry for her, but it was hard because she knew the girl had absolutely no prayer of passing her N.E.W.T. No doubt the girl's parents would be disappointed, but that was life. Not everyone could be accomplished at Arithmancy. A few of the students at the front scribbled frantic notes about the Theorems, although Lydia pointed out that they already had notes on these topics from the previous year. Desperation, she thought to herself as the students filed out. People did such silly things. Lydia packed up her notes and the assignments she had given out and trudged down to Severus's quarters. She wasn't entirely certain what he had planned, but she knew that he told her not to go to dinner at the Great Hall. As they tried not to miss events together to avoid suspicion from other staff and the students, Lydia did find this request a bit confusing, but she had agreed. She knocked on the door to his quarters, and his smooth baritone voice told her to enter. Lydia blinked at surprise as she saw that Severus had pulled out or conjured a table and chairs like a proper dining room and set up dinner on them. The food was some fish dish she couldn't think of the name of, with rice and salad and finely sliced pears. He was pouring her a glass of mead as she sat down, raising her eyebrows at the candelabra between their place setting, obviously finely wrought without being awkward between them. He poured himself some mead and sat across from her. "What's all this, then?" she said, waving her hand over the table setting as a gesture of astonishment. "I mean, I knew we had dinner plans, but this is quite…more than I expected." "You like it, though?" he said, his voice not betraying the uncertainty she knew he felt. "Yes, but I'm…confused." She laughed a little nervously, but his face relaxed at her admission that she did like it. "You pour yourself into your students, Lydia, and give all your energy to them in exam season. I thought it important to force you to take some time for yourself before you delve into that." Picking up her fork as he gestured for her to do, Lydia fought the urge to point out that he poured himself into his students in different ways. He gave himself a ridiculous amount of extra grading just to make certain his students were suffering through exam season. She simply sat in her office with an open door more hours than usual and if they dropped by she paused her work to help them with their questions for as long as it took. It didn't feel like more work, just different work. Somehow, she didn't think he would appreciate her statement. He would find some insult in it, so she swallowed her thoughts with the fish and smiled at him as he picked up his own fork. "Delicious," she said. "You really didn't have to do this, you know. But, I do appreciate it." He nodded. If he had been anyone else he would have shrugged, but Severus did not shrug, so he nodded. No doubt he had further reasons for setting up this dinner, but he either did not want her to know or was not yet ready to tell her. She would be patient, and if she never learned, she would simply enjoy the meal like she didn't realize that he had ulterior motives. The mead was perfect, she decided, sipping it as he poked at his salad. "Ready for the staff meeting tomorrow?" she asked, immediately wanting to hit herself for asking such a mundane question in what was actually a rather romantic setting. It seemed so silly. Severus smirked. "As ready as usual," he said. "Irene has been asking me about how I write my exams." "Has she?" Lydia said coldly, not missing the amused look he shot her. He was bringing Irene up on purpose, she realized. He thought it amusing or maybe even attractive when Lydia reacted irrationally about Irene. But Lydia was not amused. She said, "Tell me, did you see the obituaries today?" He actually snorted at her inelegant change in topic and nodded. "Walburga Black was a bitter woman all her life, but she died lonely and bitter," he said, tapping his fish thoughtfully, watching it fall apart in flakes of meat against his fork prongs. "Not the most dignified end to a long-standing and noble House, but they always had their issues, the Blacks." "No doubt," Lydia said darkly, wishing she'd brought up something else. She took another drink of mead, trying to think of something else to say. To her surprise, Severus carried the conversation further. "She treated you terribly, didn't she?" he said. Blinking, startled, Lydia nodded. "Yes, I suppose she did." "She saw you as the Half-blood temptress who stole her son away," he said. "He ran away from home about the time he started obsessing over you. Narcissa said that you and Lily were spoken of in the same breath as inferior whores stealing the sons of purebloods from their duty. It was convenient that you were friends, that they could make it out to be a planned thing." Lydia felt a bit uncomfortable, thinking of pureblood matrons sitting around a table, discussing her and Lily specifically as evil inferiors, plotting to pollute the bloodline and ruin everything the elite families had spent generations upon generations building up. "I suppose you want to think of something else," Severus said slowly, watching her face closely. Lydia faked a smile, but he frowned in response. "That was insensitive of me." "It's really nothing, Sev." "No, I… I meant for this to be a positive night and then I—" "Sev, I really don't mind," she lied, smiling and squeezing his hand. She was surprised when he lifted her hand to lace his fingers through hers. She wanted to ask him what was so special about this night, why he was going to all these lengths that felt strange for them, like stepping into an uncomfortably cold shower when just a moment ago the water had been warm. But he gave her a tight smile and she pursed her lips to hold in the questions. Whatever his reason, she would get used to the feeling. The least she could do was try to enjoy herself. Once she focused on the food, the company, and a conversation Severus started up about new uses for salamander blood as an anti-inflammatory when mixed into select potions in the final stages of brewing, she managed to enjoy herself quite well, even feeling at the end of the night that she didn't want to leave, but Severus told her that he had grading to do before morning, so she didn't try to distract him from saying goodnight with a barrage of kisses. She went to bed that night with a feeling of pleasant, gnawing anxiety in her belly, trying to unravel what he could have meant about dinner, and what she might have wanted him to mean by it. Lydia slept through breakfast, showering and going straight to the staff meeting before lunch, not looking at Irene Tesar as she sat down beside Severus, not wanting to allow herself to feel that rage of jealous and hatred that she knew in her heart of hearts was irrational. "Excellent," Albus said, chirping. "Now, exams are upon us very soon now. Minerva, why don't you start us off with our annual discussion?" The words of other people's plans washed over Lydia without really touching her conscious mind. She was focused on the feeling of Severus's fingers as they rested on her knee, feather light, then tracing her knee under the table lazily. She was finding it harder and harder to think about anything else, and she felt a strange rush of satisfaction when she finally met Irene's eyes and realized this was exactly why he had chosen to be so bold. He was assuaging her jealousy. Irene, utterly oblivious as she was to Lydia's hatred, smiled back happily, unaware of Lydia's internal monologue about her. "And Lydia," Albus said, turning to her with those twinkling, knowing eyes. To her surprise, Severus did not let up in his caressing of her leg under the table when she had to think. "I will be opening my office hours after lunch," Lydia said, pausing to chew on the inside of her lip as she tried to focus her mind. "Students will be free to visit me at any hours that are not curfew violations with their questions and concerns. I expect my N.E.W.T. students will spend a considerable amount of time in my office." There was a smattering of chuckles. Irene leaned forward and said, "You really set aside that much time for your students? I cannot fathom spending so much time answering questions!" Lydia bit her lip trying to keep herself from saying something short, but she was saved the task by Minerva saying, beaming, "Lydia is prodigiously dedicated to her students. And we have had a significant increase in students qualifying in Arithmancy since she took over the position." Not expecting such glowing praise, Lydia shifted in her seat, feeling her cheeks burning under the attention of the whole room. She was fully aware that every eye was scrutinizing her. "It's nothing, really," she said. "I spend most of that time alone in my office, working." Perhaps sensing her discomfort, Severus cleared his throat and said, "I believe I am next, Albus." Albus nodded, smiling that knowing smile as Severus began to recount what he would be doing for his students and how he was preparing for exams. Lydia could not focus on the words carried into the air by his smooth, strong baritone voice. She realized, instead, that Irene was looking between Severus and Lydia with thoughtful eyes, pondering. Lydia swallowed, suddenly terrified. What if they were discovered? Irene did get a knowing look in her eye, and she seemed a bit pleased, and Lydia's stomach dropped as she realized that Irene either realized Severus and Lydia were intimate or thought one or both of them wanted to be. Lydia had the horrible impression that Irene was either going to want to chat or would begin scheming, and both things made Lydia feel very uncomfortable. Severus was still caressing her leg as he spoke, and everyone else around the table seemed to be listening to him respectfully. Lydia looked down at the table, hoping she had a thoughtful expression in case someone looked at her. "I believe that is excellent, Severus," Albus said brightly. Lydia looked up again. "Well, I think that is enough for now. I am sure you all have plenty of work to do before lunch. I will let you get back to your work, all of you, and remember Argus wants your full list of banned substances for exam season so that he can be on the lookout." Others began to stand and chatter, leaving the room, but Irene stayed put, and Lydia felt frozen to the spot while she remained. Severus seemed content to laze there, his hand still on her leg. "I hadn't realized," Irene said happily, and Lydia could feel heat flushing at the base of her neck, creeping its way upward. "What hadn't you realized?" Severus asked smoothly. Lydia wished he wouldn't ask. He knew what Irene was talking about. Was he teasing Lydia? What was his point? "You two are good together," Irene cooed, like a doting aunt, or a very pleased best friend, and Lydia got a painful jab in her chest. Lily and Theia were dead, and Irene would not and could not replace either. Lydia felt a flare of anger at the thought that this woman would dare try to fit such a role. Severus must have sensed her anger, because he spoke again. "I really have no idea what you mean," he said smoothly, coolly. Irene raised her eyebrows, but Severus's expression did not budge. Irene got a knowing, clever grin that didn't suit her face and excused herself. "She's going to start plotting," Lydia said bitterly. "She's going to try to be my best friend, thinking she's matchmaking." "So she's a bit slow," Severus said, smirking as he turned to look at Lydia. "She's not going to hurt anything." "How do you know?" He was far too amused by Lydia's anger and annoyance, but she could feel both melting away as he traced his fingers further up her thighs. He said nothing, simply watching her with his dark eyes. "I hate her," Lydia said, weaker than the last dozen or so times she had said it. His lips were much closer than he was a few moments ago. "Naturally," he said, pressing his forehead to hers, and she felt her eyes drawn to his lips. "She's horrible." "Of course." Before she could think of something else to say, half-hearted, she felt his cool lips touching hers and she gave in to the kiss, not caring if anyone entered the staff room to see them.
A/N: To guest reviewer s8xyriska, no, I don't really have an actress in mind when I picture Lydia…. But I'll give you guys one now just for visualization's sake. Imagine Jennifer Lawrence, but thinner and older, with a sort of medium-to-light brown hair. -C Why she was so nervous Lydia really couldn't have said. It was nothing, just tea. Lydia and Remus had tea together hundreds of times in the course of their knowing each other. Just tea. She arranged the tea tray with slightly trembling hands. She could think of his particular scent with such vivid memory that she almost thought he was standing there beside her as she put a spoon in the sugar bowl. She sat and waited impatiently, feeling her hands shake as she wondered what he would bring with him, and what the gift – whatever it might be – could mean. A knock at the door and she told him to enter, smiling as Remus came in looking happy and only a little bit tired, a small wrapped gift in hand. "Lydia," he said, looking almost relieved as he entered, letting the door fall closed behind him. "Happy birthday. You look…." He searched for a word for a while and then shook his head, smiling as she allowed herself to hug him. "Sit, sit," she said, gesturing at the loveseat. She sat with him, pouring the tea. "How have you been?" "Well enough," he said, which was a sign that things were going relatively well. He began to tell her about his latest job, a menial string of tasks for a shop up north, and Lydia listened politely, pleased that he was pleased. She let her tea cool, tickling her nose, augmenting this happy moment with Remus. She mused at how easy it would have been to slip something into his tea today, a love potion or something that would lower his inhibitions enough for him to give in to the desires she knew he had. It would have been easy to seduce him, to make love with him. Tempting, that thought. She'd had it hundreds of times, knowing it would be successful, so easy. Even sitting there with him she wished she had, aching to kiss him, to feel his desire for her. But she did not have the boldness for such an act, and she did not want to think about what he would do or say once he realized what she'd done. Tempting, but not quite tempting enough. She couldn't have lived with herself had she actually done it, never mind what Remus and Severus would think of her for doing such a thing. "Here," he said eventually, holding out the wrapped gift. Lydia took the gift with a smile, pulling off the wrapping and opening the small box. Inside was a locket, and Lydia looked up at him, questioning. It was beautiful, old-fashioned and oval-shaped with pressed silver. "Open it," he said eagerly. She smiled and did so, carefully opening the locket and seeing to small pictures, one of Lily and James, laughing at a party. She knew Sirius was just out of shot, but Remus had trimmed carefully so that no part of him could be seen. The other was of Artemis and Mary at a party at school, fifth year, raising their glasses at the camera and smiling. "They look so young," she said, frowning down at the pictures, feeling a pang in her chest like holding breath too long. "They were so young," he said, scratching his chin as he looked over her shoulder. "We all were." Lydia hadn't felt young, not even then. She was already an orphan by fifth year, and even at eleven she had only partially been a child. Inhaling a shaky breath she closed the locket, feeling its cool weight in her hand. "I know they're maybe not the happiest things, reminders," he said, still scratching, now his cheek. "But still…" She shook her head, looking up at him, smiling. "They're wonderful, thank you." He smiled back sadly. "May I?" He held out his hands and she nodded, watching his fingers unclasp the locket, and she lifted her hair off her neck, letting him pull it around her neck. She felt the clasp hit the back of her neck and the weight of the necklace pulling the chain taut. His fingers lingered by the clasp and she wondered, breathless, if he might do something…something… His fingers left her skin with nothing but a faint burning sensation to indicate they had ever been there. She looked at him, watching the way his eyes changed when he looked at the necklace resting on her chest. She had seen that look before, had seen it when Sirius looked at her wearing the pendant he gave her anonymously. She felt both uneasy and excited to have Remus looking at her like that, but he blinked and looked up at her eyes and it was over. His eyes were just his eyes, friendly and muted with years of careful practice. "The locket was my mum's," he said, frowning thoughtfully. "It looks right on you. I…I should get going. I've got to be at work this afternoon." "Yeah," she breathed, pleased and confused at what he had said. "Well, travel safe. Thanks for coming." "No, it was great," he said, smiling. "Happy birthday." He left without another word or a hug or anything, but Lydia felt very strange and almost…exhilarated. She cleaned up the tea, feeling the locket coming away from her chest and then bouncing back to her skin, reminding her of the great weight it seemed to be around her neck. She almost wanted to take it off, but she also enjoyed having it on. Lydia toyed with the idea of going to her office to grade some essays she had assigned, the last grading before exams began. She was just putting the stack of essays into her bag when there was another knock at the door, and she felt a strange rush as she heard it, a strange kind of excitement she wasn't used to, certainly something she didn't typically adjoin with hearing something simple like a knock at the door. "C'min," she said, making certain the essays were settled in her bag before turning around. Severus was standing there, and she blinked at him, surprised. He had already seen her that morning before breakfast, with two slices of cake and a gift. "I have a meeting with Albus," he said. "I can't stay long, but…" Lydia tilted her head questioningly, but he came in, crossing the room as the door closed behind him. She smiled and was just opening her mouth to ask what had gotten into him when he kissed her with surprising force. She felt herself dizzy from breathlessness and arousal as she kissed him back, her hands wrapping instinctively around his neck, pulling him closer. She could taste firewhiskey on his cold lips and she had a vague inkling that his impromptu visit was a decision made after stewing in his quarters, knowing Remus was visiting her. Perhaps he thought he would find her there with Remus and do something stupidly alpha male. Or perhaps he had waited until Remus left to not give her a chance to feel the mixed emotions she often felt after Remus's visits. Thinking was increasingly difficult and superfluous as Severus's fingers traced down her neck, past the chain, down her front to the fastening of her robes. His hands slipped under her robes impatiently, almost clawing at her breasts in a way that was a bit painful, and she groaned into his mouth, both in pain and arousal as his firewhiskey-soaked tongue pressed against her tongue, mingling the taste of tea and firewhiskey together. His mouth was gone from hers all too quickly, pressing against her jaw as he continued to knead at her breasts, desperately clutching at her. He whispered her name against her skin, against her jaw, as he traced his kisses toward her ear. Her knees were slightly weak. Lydia was beginning to lose track of things and she started to lead Severus toward her bedroom. He muttered something against her earlobe, something she couldn't discern, and he followed her. When she sat down on her bed he pulled away from her ear and his eyes flashed, clouded with lust as he tried to regain his bearings. They both felt vaguely lost, she realized, and he did not fight as she used her fingers to unclasp his robes, pushing them off his shoulders and running her hands along the cool white of his shirt underneath the robes. Like a pillowcase. She felt behind her to where her pillowcase was and led Severus onto the bed, where he crawled over to her, his lips trying to keep up with hers as she let her head find her pillow. Lydia let her fingers go to his neck again when he kissed her hungrily, and she felt the cool of his neck. She sighed into his mouth as he positioned himself between her legs. She let her fingers wander down to the buttons, slowly undoing them as his mouth teased hers with passionate, slow kisses. When she undid the last button she ran her fingers down the middle of his chest with anxious, eager fingers. She felt his pulse racing as she rested her fingers against his ribcage, the hairs on his chest tickling her skin. Severus surprised her by knocking her hands away with surprising roughness, but he quickly unbuttoned her blouse, letting most of her skin feel the cool of the air. His hands went to her lace-covered breasts, gentler this time he teased her nipples through the fabric. Her body was reacting very favorably to his attentions, and the very little breath she had was being breathed in by Severus. She could feel the sweat dripping from his chest to hers, and she could feel his groin pressed into hers, both throbbing against each other. All sense of time was skewed. She wasn't sure what day it was, what she had done all day, even whether it was light or dark outside. All she could feel was the way their bodies touched, the feel of Severus. She felt his fingers trace down to the waistband of her skirt, underneath it, toward the top of her panties. His breath was growing short against her mouth as he anticipated touching her. The clock chimed the hour and Severus froze, dazed, pulling away from her mouth and frowning down at her. He was panting, confused. "Something… I…. I was meant to do something." Lydia frowned, her own head spinning as she tried to think about where they were, what they were doing, what he'd said before they arrived at her bed. "Albus?" she offered, seeming to recall that he had said something about Albus before he rushed to kiss her. Recognition came over Severus's eyes and he groaned, then he growled, dropping his head to her chest. He pulled his fingers out of her panties and kissed the valley between her breasts. "I'm going to be late," he muttered, almost angry, although she couldn't say who the anger was directed toward. Likely Albus. "Fuck." He lingered for several moments longer, kissing Lydia's neck several times with soft, gentle kisses, perhaps trying to calm himself. "D'you want to shower quickly?" she offered weakly, still trying to find her breath. His lips weren't helping. He considered, his eyes still glazed with lust as he looked down at her. He seemed to be realizing something, but he said nothing about whatever it was, just kissing the corner of her mouth before shaking his head, pushing himself off her body, climbing off her bed, pulling on his shirt and robes. "It will be fine," he said. "There are many reasons for a Potions Master to sweat." She noted, silently, that his robes also covered his erection quite aptly, but Albus would know. "I'll be at my office until curfew," she said as he left her bedroom. "I may drop by after," he said, fastening his robes on his way out of her quarters. She gave herself a moment to catch her breath. She decided a shower was on the safe side, considering her own lack of excuse for being so sweaty and disgruntled. After a quick shower, she dressed in fresh clothes and gathered up her things to move to her office, hoping no students showed up anyway. She could not seem to hold her mind on any one thing for more than ten minutes. Lydia settled in at her desk, pulling out the essays to mark, and she began trying to read the essays before her. Five years' worth of essays, all sitting on her desk. She shouldn't have assigned all of them at once, but it seemed like a good idea to her tired mind at the time. Anything to give her an excuse to avoid Irene Tesar, who had been watching Severus and Lydia with a thoughtful, knowing look, like she was about to start pushing them together any day. Any reason to be too busy to meet with the woman. The seventh year essays were painful, and she trudged through them thinking that next year she might even start giving her N.E.W.T. students maximum lengths to keep them from throwing everything remotely relevant at her in one essay in hopes that they were hitting on every possible angle of the topic. Perhaps she would have to teach them how to write a good essay. Not that most of them would need to write many essays once they left Hogwarts, but for those hoping to go into academia somewhere, the skill would be invaluable, and Hogwarts never really made a priority of teaching the skill itself. She trudged her way down through the years, pulling the fourth year essays out, which were refreshingly shorter. The Oakfoot twins both had competent essays, and one of the fifth year Slytherins even managed to insert a sense of humor in a way that didn't take away from the rest of the essay. She knew that all the best essays were students who had joined the club Bill Weasley implemented. They were confident in their knowledge, their abilities, their style. It made a difference, talking and practicing and sharing their knowledge with peers before bringing any considerations to her. Lydia finished out with the third year stack, a little nervous that she wouldn't have enough time to finish before the curfew, and she toyed with the idea of hanging around and finishing or packing up and finishing in the morning. But then, if Severus was waiting for her in her quarters she wouldn't want to keep him waiting or he might come looking for her. Thinking of Severus was a bit of a mistake, however, because she found it difficult to think of anything except the way he had felt just a couple of hours ago, his skin on her fingertips. She gave her head a little shake hoping to clear her mind, but it did no good. She pulled Bill Weasley's essay to her face and tried to have her brain think of the words, to order them into the sentences he had selected and not simply into whatever order her mind thought looked right. After reading the first page four times, she finally understood what approach he was taking in the essay and she felt confident turning it over and reading the next. Tracking with her finger, she managed to get two pages in within an hour of work. Unlike his peers, and much like most of the N.E.W.T. students, Bill Weasley's essay was incredibly long. On the other hand, ever word of it was well-crafted, well-chosen, and she realized that it was a coherent essay. The kind that, with a bit more original and sophisticated research, would have been worth polishing for perhaps an eventual presentation or publication. She smiled as she thought about the possibility of Bill Weasley pursuing a career in Arithmancy. The problem was that while he was incredibly gifted in her subject, other professors admitted that he was just as gifted in all of their subjects, and nearly everyone thought he would go on to work in their field. Lydia knew that if he continued to be as promising as his early work suggested, he would be able to do virtually anything he wanted. It hadn't really occurred to her before, but she suddenly realized that she had no idea what he wanted to do, what his interests were outside of her class. She would have to ask him, perhaps give him advice that would help him to make use of Arithmancy. Lydia knew she was being selfish, but she was too tired to care much about it. She tried to leave a message at the bottom, but the clock began to chime and she recalled the way Severus had hesitated when the clock had chimed his meeting time, how he seemed so torn between staying and finishing, and leaving as he had done. Lydia wasn't sure why, but she had a very distinct feeling that if she'd asked him to stay he would have done, and her body felt a bit warmer at that thought. Was her face flushed? Shaking her head to clear it, Lydia decided to mark even Bill's paper in the morning. Severus might already be at her quarters, and that realization, as the chiming of the clock ended, made her head a bit heavy as she wondered if he would pick up anywhere near where they'd left off. She was curious what his meeting with Albus was about, but she was more curious if she could get him to tell her what it was that had him so worked up that afternoon. On the whole, she decided, sliding the essays carefully in her bag as the locket bounced against her flesh under the blouse, a very good birthday.
Exams were winding down to an end, and Lydia collected the third year exams, smiling at her students as they filed out. She felt exhaustion hitting her, and she wanted to do something to relax after all her work. She knew that Severus would want to pout later as Slytherin had not managed to surpass Ravenclaw and win the House Cup, in spite of winning the Quidditch Cup. But she wanted to go for a walk before that, before dinner. Perhaps by the lake. She went down to the grounds, waving with a smile at a few of her students who were lounging under a tree by the lake, a tree the Marauders used to lounge under. She felt a stab of nostalgia as she continued on, almost able to conjure up a memory of Sirius lounging under that tree, looking bored as usual, with Remus beside him, nose in a book. Lydia wrapped her arms around her torso to stave off a shiver as she recalled with astounding clarity the face of a fifteen year old Sirius Black, gray eyes bored, face lazy, his hair falling perfectly over his aristocratic features. Lydia wanted something to distract her from the memories, but she wished she had the memories back when they were interrupted by Irene Tesar. "Lydia!" Irene said happily, and Lydia forced a smile, directing her steps onward, toward the greenhouses, deciding that she would round them and cut her walk short if Irene wouldn't leave her alone. "I did want to speak with you before the feast." "Oh?" Lydia asked, smiling. "Why's that, then?" "I'm not sure you noticed," Irene said, with a smile that seemed like the sort someone would give to a coconspirator. "But Severus is quite smitten with you." If it hadn't been completely impolite, Lydia would have rolled her eyes. What were they, twelve? "I think you must be mistaken," Lydia said, her eyes grazing over a plan poking out of greenhouse three that she didn't recall the name or function of, and she stopped around the corner from it, aware that she did not want students to overhear this conversation on the way back to the castle. "Severus and I are simply good friends." "I may not be an expert on men," Irene said, almost smirking, "but he is not simply content to be your friend, Lydia." The smirk fell away as Irene looked at something over Lydia's shoulder, a frown as she seemed to be trying to remember something. Lydia was growing impatient, opening her mouth to argue once more that Irene was wrong when Irene suddenly lunged forward, pushing Lydia to the ground. Lydia groaned with the thump of contact with the hard earth and she was about to shriek at Irene in frustration and anger when she noticed that Irene was clutching the side of her neck, eyes wide, rolling off Lydia and whimpering. Just under Irene's fingertips were the petals of the plant sticking out of the greenhouse, a plant that, if Lydia recalled correctly from her terrible years in Herbology desperately attempting to not fail the course, had a poisonous stinger. "Let me see," Lydia said, pushing Irene's shaking hand away, aware that the poison was already working by the way Irene's skin was turning blue from the would outward. She broke the flower off and the stinger was clearly visible, sticking out of the skin that was swelling significantly, going from blue to purple. Lydia felt so helpless, trying to remember what the antidote for this particular poison was. "We have to get you to the hospital wing," she told Irene firmly, grateful for all her wartime experience, giving her the ability to keep her voice level as she panicked internally. "No," Irene said, more of a rasp than a whisper. Her throat was closing. "It's too late." "No, Poppy will have the antidote—" "'M'llergic t'the antidote." Lydia's heart was pounding violently, painfully. If Irene knew she was allergic to the antidote, that it would do her body no good, why did she get in the way? Why didn't she let Lydia take the hit and receive the antidote, no harm done? Irene must have realized what Lydia was wondering, because she gritted her teeth in a kind of forced smile. She said, "Didn't wan' risk it. Y'bruise." "What?" "Y'bruise." "So?" "Works faster on thin blood. And y'bruise." Suddenly, Lydia realized what Irene was saying. If Lydia bruised frequently it might be a sign that her blood was thinner than typical, and if that were the case she might not have made it to the hospital wing in time to be saved by the antidote. Either one of them would have likely been doomed, so Irene took the hit. She knowingly gave her life to save Lydia's. "M'sorry," Irene muttered, her eyes fluttering closed. "Tell Albus m'sorry." Lydia assured Irene that she would, clutching at Irene's hands as the woman's face turned blue, then purple, then white as Lydia felt a tear rolling down her cheek. She hadn't realized she was crying. Mostly, she felt numb, stunned, confused. She kept expecting Irene to open her eyes again, but the woman only bloated, stiffened. Trying to recall how Sirius had done it, back in the days of the Order, Lydia sent a Patronus message to Albus, not wanting to send a student, not wanting it to cause a stir. A stir was inevitable. Over the next twenty-four hours, all sorts of rumors circulated about what happened to the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, whose funeral was to be held in London in a week, for all those who wished to attend. Albus spoke at the feast about what truly happened, setting the record straight, and the Ravenclaw students did not seem very celebratory about the House Cup win, and Lydia had a nausea that wouldn't go away. Severus found her in her quarters after the feast, staring at the foot of her bed, hugging her legs to her chest. He sat down beside her, brushing hair off the side of her face with steady, cold fingers. "It was so…so ridiculous," Lydia said dully as he shifted his legs to sit closer to her. "If I hadn't avoided her all week, she might have not approached me, and I might have kept to the lake and we both would have been safe." "She might have tried to speak with you anyway," Severus said softly, his lips close to her ear. "She was telling me you were…. God, what was her word? Smitten. She was telling me you're smitten with me." Lydia expected him to sneer, say something snide, but he simply leaned to press his lips to the spot where her neck met the corner of her jaw. She felt her body relaxing, even though she still felt a horrible guilt gnawing at her. "I did speak your praises more…regularly and frequently than I would for anyone else," he muttered against her skin. "No one else is as deserving." She closed her eyes. "Smitten?" she said, the word tasting bitterly vile on her tongue. "Perhaps not the word I would have selected," he said. He pressed his lips to her jaw again. "But that is not to say that she is entirely wrong." Lydia pulled back, turning her head to frown at him. Somehow his saying that surprised her, although she couldn't quite tell herself why. He quirked an eyebrow and said, "Well, do you think I would spend half so much time in your bed if I weren't a bit…enticed by you?" She couldn't stop the giggle that resulted, but she liked that word, enticed. "Still," she said, shrugging and turning to look at her toes once more. He sighed, pressing a kiss to her clothed shoulder before saying, "Your guilt is speaking, Lydia. You feel terrible because you hated her for petty reasons and then she saved your life in a freak accident." She didn't want to answer him, but she shifted a bit and closed her eyes. He was absolutely right, and to say it so bluntly felt unfair. "You know," he said, almost teasing, "her last act, if you think about it, was an attempt to get us together." Lydia snorted, but her lips were twitching into a smile. "What better way to honor her memory than…?" Lydia might have laughed, but when she looked up at Severus he looked so serious that the laugh died on her lips. "Last night in Hogwarts," he said, his eyes flitting between her lips and her eyes so rapidly it made her slightly dizzy to watch. "Tomorrow we go to Spinner's End again. Last night in this bed for months." She understood his meaning, touching his face as he leaned forward, pressing his forehead to hers. "I suppose we ought to make the most of it, then," she said, feeling suddenly breathless. Not half a moment later, he pressed his lips to hers, with urgency and surprising gentleness. Lydia let her legs stretch out in front of her, let her lips open up against his coaxing lips. She allowed him to unfasten her robes, and she slipped them off while he pulled off his own, tossing them to the floor. She pulled off her blouse and watched his eyes grow wider at the sight of her bare skin before he began hastily unbuttoning his own shirt. Lydia shimmied out of her skirt as he fumbled to get his trousers off more quickly, and she giggled slightly as he pulled her back onto the bed, making certain her head was comfortable on the pillow before he gently pressed her legs apart. She was surprised that he was obviously trying to take his time, carefully tracing his cool fingers up her legs, up her thighs, his eyes glowing with hunger by the time they reached the edges of her lace panties. He leaned forward, kissing her, teasing her lips distractingly, but she gasped with shock when she felt him pull outward on her panties enough to rip them literally away from her body. She opened her mouth with half a mind to protest, but he dipped two fingers inside of her and muttered against her lips, "I'll fix them later. Relax." She struggled to do as he asked, but he began pumping his fingers in and out, in and out, and she found her legs spreading wider of their own accord, found her back arching with each delicious stroke of his fingers. Lydia's eyes flew open when he withdrew his fingers, but she didn't have very long to be disappointed with the loss of fullness when he thrust inside of her, and she felt an even more satisfying fullness. She pursed her lips to hold in a moan. Severus hissed slightly, his face twisting above hers. Lydia wrapped her legs around him, pulling him closer, attempting to get their bodies even closer together as he began to slowly thrust in and out, in and out. She could feel the scars on his sides against her calves, but she was only vaguely aware of them as her body built up waves and waves of delirious pleasure. His lips met with hers once more and they swapped moans between their mouths, swallowing each other's breathless pants in hopes of catching their own breath. As the friction continued to build, just before her climax, Lydia's eyes actually began to water. Tears streamed down the sides of her face as she came, moaning incoherently as her mouth felt incapable of forming words, and her mind hadn't come up with words to form. Severus moaned back, continuing to thrust as she rode out her climax, and she felt him, as she was coming down again, release inside of her, feeling his fingers tugging slightly at her hair as he released. She relished in the moment of watching him, out of breath, spent, and almost smiling from the satisfaction before she let her eyes flutter shut from exhaustion. The following day, Severus knocked on her door about lunchtime. "I've taken my things already," he said as she tossed things haphazardly into her trunk. "I've also made some sandwiches and put the kettle on. Did you only just start?" She could feel the back of her neck flushing. She had meant to start packing a few days ago, but what with Irene Tesar dying in her arms, she'd been a bit distracted. "Lydia…" "I started last night before the feast," she said, indignantly. As she'd said he words "last night" she sensed him coming just a little bit closer, and she knew that his mind, as hers, had immediately thought of how they had spent the night before in her bed. "And by started you mean that you threw a few items of dirty clothes and an empty tea box into your trunk and considered it packing," he said, sneering slightly. "I'll do the books, Lydia. You start in on your closet." Protest died on her lips when she saw him already hard at work, carefully taking books off her shelf in solid handfuls, carrying them over to her open trunk. Her lips twitched and she went into her bedroom. She could still smell him when she walked in, and she breathed in deeply the lingering scent of their union and she closed her eyes for a moment, thinking of the way he touched her. There was something different about him lately, but she couldn't quite puzzle out what it was or why it had changed. Packing her things never really took long, especially as she had already cleaned out what she needed from her office and brought it to her quarters. With Severus helping and expanding her trunk as needed, things moved along at a good and steady pace, and it was still lunchtime when they finally Flooed to Spinner's End. "How are the sandwiches, then?" she called as she took her things upstairs to the master bedroom that had been hers the summer before. "Salvageable," he called. "I've put the kettle back on." She got her trunks in, but she didn't bother unpacking before hurrying back down the stairs, finding Severus in the kitchen, pouring the tea. "This is going to sound strange," she said smiling at him, "but it feels really good to be back here." "It doesn't sound strange at all," Severus said, setting a cooled cup of tea down by a ham sandwich. "With you here, this place feels like a home." Instead of a prison, she thought to herself, thinking of what he'd called the place when they were teenagers. It had been something like that, in those days, but having it as a place where they could simply be alone for a couple of months, in peace and quiet, made it almost welcoming. And in the summertime, with the right light, the place was almost cheerful. "This smells lovely," she said, picking up half her sandwich, the smell of mustard tickling her nose. He nodded, tucking in to his own sandwich, and they sat in the kitchen quietly, contentedly. She knew it wasn't Hogwarts food, which Severus was a bit self-conscious about, but there was a special charm to food that wasn't magically prepared. Especially given that she and Severus were raised on Muggle-prepared food. After lunch he poured another round of tea and they settled in the sitting room with a couple of books, curled up on the sofa. "What's yours, then?" Lydia asked, glancing over his shoulder. "It's about the theoretical uses of spores in potions. Yours?" Lydia's fingers traced the thick parchment pages and smiled. "Just something about the history of theories on the number seven. It's quite remarkable, some of the things ancient wizards believed and took for granted. Some of it they got lucky on, but a lot of it is quite absurd." "Hmm." Severus's free hand went to her hair, and she smiled as his fingers caressed her scalp. She wanted more afternoons like this, and half wished that they didn't have to teach, that they could simply do their research and brewing at home, that they could simply be together. Without eyes watching them. Without expectations on how they should behave and what they should be to each other. Lydia mused, as she bent the bottom corner of the page back and forth in her fingers, that Albus had not tried to talk her out of going back to Spinner's End this year. Surely he had known that she would be going back. And she knew the man well enough to know that he did not believe in such a thing as a lost cause. Perhaps he was biding his time, using the lack of pressure in this area to persuade her toward other things, such as the blood status research he was trying to coax her into. In truth, the more she glanced at the possibilities of that research the more intriguing she found it, but she knew full well that once Albus got his claws into someone it was nearly impossible to stop whatever he put in motion. Severus, for example, continued to work at Hogwarts more because of some debt to Albus that he never spoke of, not because of any monetary need. A Potions Master was not an easy distinction to earn, and Severus could find work almost anywhere. If not for the debt to Albus, possibly for keeping him out of Azkaban, she and Severus really could just work out of Spinner's End, study and brew. She smiled, closing her eyes and her book, curling up against him and resting her head on his shoulder. "Are you tired?" he asked, his voice vibrating a bit against her cheek. "A little," she lied, cuddling closer as he moved to slip an arm around her. "Could you read to me?" "You want me to read about spores." "Yes, please." "It might not give you pleasant dreams." She smiled a bit more and said, "That's alright. You're here." He sighed, tightening her arm around her and shifting the book in his hands before turning the page and beginning to read aloud. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to MissRoseAlanaHorton, whose continued support of this story and friendship has been a boost for sure. Good to see you, Miss! Hope you continue to enjoy! -C
To have a peaceful, fight-free summer was more than Lydia could have really hoped for, but she took deep breaths, trying not to say something she shouldn't. Why Severus had to push and push and push and just be utterly unreasonable she didn't know, but he was at it again, and it seemed she'd reached her breaking point that morning and couldn't keep her mouth shut. Hence the fight. His issue of the summer was that for some reason he was annoyed that she had automatically put her things in the master bedroom again. He had assumed – why, she didn't know – that she would just magically anticipate that he wanted her to share his bedroom. "Sev, it's just not practical," she finally said at breakfast when he was hinting rather strongly. And from there it was a fight. As she pointed out to him, sure the bed was big enough for both of them, but the rest of the room barely held his few things. How could he possibly expect it to hold all of hers as well? Severus seemed to take this argument as her suggestion that he should move into the master bedroom with her, which she had not suggested at all. She knew better than to tell him to sleep in or even enter the room his parents had slept in, had fought in, had likely conceived him in. Lydia did not say this out loud, knowing he would take it as pity he did not want and not simply understanding him, but she found it more and more tempting to say those words the longer they fought. "Apparently I underestimated your desire to stay in a bed by yourself," he said bitterly, almost spitting the words as she turned her back to him, fuming, putting the kettle on. Lydia's mind was reeling as she tried to think of something to say, some way to end the struggle without hurting either of their pride. She had never considered herself especially prideful, but the longer she stayed with Severus the more of it she seemed to pick up. "My room is not small, Lydia," he said. "Not…not too small." She winced at the brief moment of hesitation in his voice. She knew he was wondering if perhaps she was unsatisfied with what he offered her, if she was perhaps comparing Spinner's End to the homes she'd had with Sirius. "There is plenty of room for your things," he said stiffly. "Or do you forget that you have a wand? I know you hardly use it—" Lydia whipped around, anger stirred again at the snide remark. "Don't," she hissed. "You know perfectly well why I hesitate to use my wand, and I believe that if you want me to agree to something it's very…not Slytherin of you to take such a tactless method." His nostrils flared and she saw his eyes flicker down, then up again as the kettle finished with the water. She quickly poured the tea, two cups out of habit, and he came around the table. "I thought you appreciated straightforwardness," he said as she stirred honey into one of the cups. "That is one of the things you so praised in your precious Gryffindors." The cup she had picked up slipped from her hand as she was hit with a wave of guilt and loss. This had been happening on occasion since Irene's death, any time someone she lost was mentioned, even tangentially. She'd been able to hide the brief moments from Severus, closing her eyes and taking a centering breath, but he caught her so off guard. Lydia swore, hastily Summoning a towel to mop up the mess, thankful it had been the cup without the honey so she didn't have to worry about a sticky disaster forming. The bits of shattered teacup scraped at the countertop as she mopped all around them, breathing heavily, feeling a strange sensation of fear, not daring to look at Severus. "Are you alright?" he said, pulling her hands away to check for cuts or embedded porcelain. "Fine," she said, not entirely lying, still not meeting his eyes. "Was it hot?" "No, no, it was nothing," she lied, pulling her hands away to continue cleaning. "Lydia, that was not nothing." She spluttered in protest as he led her away from the counter, to the other side of the kitchen, looking into her eyes, obviously gleaning a surface of her thoughts and emotions from her mind. She wanted to fight him, but she didn't know how, and she was too flustered to try. She felt the rush of guilt and loss once more, welling up inside of her so powerfully, and she felt tears stinging the corners of her vision. He let go of her and she stumbled backward, hastily wiping her eyes. She hated that she couldn't hide anything from him, or she hated it in that moment. "Lydia, there was nothing you could have done." She shivered at the change in his voice, turning away, glancing at the mess on the counter. How could things shift from her pitying him to him pitying her in such a short space of time? Were they both that pathetic? "I'll clean," he said firmly. "Go work." "Work on what?" she asked hollowly. "Lesson plans," he said, frowning slightly. "We were going to amend lesson plans today." Lydia nodded, recalling the plans they'd made at dinner the night before. She watched him cross to the counter, putting the kettle on again and getting out a fresh cup before using his wand to clean the mess she had made. Lydia took a deep breath, expelled it, and hurried from the kitchen. She took a few calming breaths before settling in the sitting room with her papers, pulling out the lesson plans, spreading them over the little table Severus adjusted for her to work on in the absence of a proper desk. He preferred to use a book as a base for what he worked on, not liking to spread his papers, working on one thing at a time. Severus entered much later than she thought he would, his face softer, softening even more as he saw her spreading out her things on the table. He got out his own papers and she felt a pang, recalling that he'd gotten a letter from Albus yesterday evening, just before Severus pulled her into his bed. She didn't have to use much imagination to guess what Albus had said, and the fact that Severus was emending his plans rather than writing fresh ones relieved her: he was not chosen to be the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. Lydia said nothing, looking down at her own work, but she found that she couldn't focus on the words in front of her, and she simply reread the same half page over and over again, trying to make sense of her own words about how to introduce third year students to the subject. With an exasperated sound, Severus set down the papers in his hand and said, "No, Lydia, I didn't get the job." "I wasn't going to ask," she said, looking up and raising her eyebrows. "It's not my business, really." "It is your business," he said, frowning slightly, his eyes thoughtful for a moment. Then he said, "He hasn't decided yet on who he will choose, but he had several options the board liked and he knew they wouldn't be choosing me." Lydia nodded, bending the edge of the parchment back and forth as she digested this tidbit of information. She had come expect that Severus was a last resort for Albus, that he would only select him as the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor when there were no other viable options, but this sealed that speculation for her. "I'm sorry," she said, although not entirely honest. "I know it's not easy to get a no year after year." "I'm used to it," he said darkly. "At any rate, I know what to expect from Albus. There will come a day, I am sure, when he will have to choose me. And I can rest well knowing that." She knew that he didn't really take the rejection so easily, that the way he held her the night before had been a direct result of that rejection. But she also knew better than to give him an inkling that she knew. "Are you making any significant changes?" she asked, nodding at his plans. "I will have to adjust the O.W.L. year," he said, scratching his chin. "They are making changes to the expectations in the testing." "How often does that happen?" Lydia said, sniffing. None of the O.W.L. expectations had changed in her time as a teacher, although the content required in N.E.W.T. level changed almost every time she published something. "They change one or the other every few years just to feel that they're doing something," he said, frowning. "I suspect this was such a case. There was no real need for an adjustment of the exam." She nodded, glancing down at her own paperwork. Now that the air was relatively cleared she felt that she could truly focus on the task at hand. The two worked in their usual companionable silence, and Lydia sifted through each line of her plans bit by bit, nervous that something was going to be missed if she didn't take her time. She'd had some duplicate lines she came across around Easter and she did not want a repeat of that, throwing her off when she was already stressed. Two hours ticked away by the time she reached the upper level, where changes became more than a simple edit or two, deleting a couple of duplicate lines and adjusting some poor syntax. Lydia wouldn't have even noticed how much time had passed except that Severus got up, saying he had something he needed to find. He was gone for about ten minutes, and then he came back with sandwiches and tea. They ate and worked in silence for several more hours, until Lydia's eyes were growing tired. At half past three, Lydia was making meticulous decisions about the seventh year lesson plans and Severus said, "I'm making dinner. Mead or wine?" She blinked at him, bewildered. "What's wrong with tea?" "Mead or wine?" he asked, a bit more pointed, but amused. Still confused on why they couldn't just have tea with dinner like usual she shrugged and said mead before turning back to her work. Severus put his things away and retreated into the kitchen, leaving Lydia alone with nothing but her work and her thoughts, and the clock on the wall which sometimes reminded her at a glance of the passage of time. She worked perfectly fine in this environment, but once Severus was gone her productivity went down. She told herself that this was because she wondered what he was up to in the kitchen, what was taking so long to make, what needed to have either mead or wine with it. Even so, she knew that part of it was simply that she had grown used to his presence as she worked, having someone to bounce ideas off of, someone whose breathing and scribbling and occasional shuffling of parchment was a suitable soundtrack to her work environment. She could hardly imagine going back to Hogwarts and marking without him in the room. Severus entered once more, and smiled sadly when she looked up. "Finished?" he asked. "Nearly," she sighed. She yawned and stretched before deciding to switch two units toward the end of the seventh year. Severus crossed and briefly massaged her shoulders as she made the changes and she moaned as his nimble fingers worked out some of the stress that had accumulated in her shoulders throughout the day. Between the fight and her meltdown and the work she'd been doing she was exhausted. "Finished now?" he said softly. Lydia hummed an affirmative. "Dinner." She followed him into the dining room without any argument, surprised to find that he had set up candles instead of turning on the lights, and that he had prepared one of her favorite lamb dishes with sides and a salad and everything. "What's all this?" she asked, laughing nervously as he poured her mead. "Sev, honestly, you don't have to do all this." "On the contrary," he said, pouring his own glass half as full. "You've had a terrible day. This is the…the least I can do." Not quite an apology, Lydia thought as she picked up her silverware, but she would take it for the moment, as long as he didn't start up the same fight again in the morning. It was good to relax, she thought as she enjoyed the mutton, which wasn't perfect but was very well-made nonetheless. It didn't escape her that this was a meal Severus prepared meticulously for her, not something bought or made by house-elves. Remus was very good at buying things for her, and Sirius had almost always let her cook, especially if they were eating anything that took any amount of skill to cook, as he was always equally likely to produce the dish as he was to burn the house down. But then, was it really so surprising that Severus was the one of the three who would be capable of producing a meal? After all, he was a Potions Master. He brewed things more complicated than any dish she'd ever made with precision and ease. They ate dinner with little in the way of conversation, and Lydia began to feel a bit of nerves as to the way he kept looking at her, like he expected her to say something. Obviously what she was willing to accept as an apology would not be satisfactory for Severus, as he seemed to want her to speak about her breaking the teacup. Lydia licked her lips, set down her empty mead glass, and said, "I don't want you to worry about me, Sev. It's a recent thing. My health is good. It's something that happens suddenly, irrationally, and I'm just going to have to learn to deal with it." He didn't seem satisfied with that, either, and he set down his silverware, frowning at the table instead of looking up at her. Finally, he said, "The way your body trembled when the cup fell…. I don't want…. For a moment I thought you were…. That it was me." It took Lydia a moment to realize what he was trying to say, and she closed her eyes, feeling a small rush of guilt for scaring him like that. "Sev, I'm not afraid of you," she said, smiling at him sadly. "Sometimes you frustrate me, and sometimes you upset me, but I'm not afraid of you." Could he hurt her? Absolutely, and she knew without a doubt that if Severus wanted to he could destroy her. But she also knew that before he would ever physically hurt her to get his way, he would use any…persuasive means – legal or otherwise – at his disposal. He nodded, perhaps not fully convinced that it wasn't his fault, but she could not blame him for that. She knew as well as anyone how hard it could be to stop seeing childhood trauma once it made its way into your life. After another long pause Lydia decided that turnabout was fair play and she said, "I didn't mean to fight with you this morning. I just…I don't understand what's so wrong with the sleeping arrangements we already have." Severus's neck tightened and his nostrils flared, and he looked down at his plate. She wasn't sure he was going to say anything at all for a long moment, and then he looked up with an unreadable face. While his face was free of emotion, his voice wasn't. It cracked slightly as he spoke. "I fall asleep with you in my bed," he said, "and then I wake up and you aren't there. Every time. It…it isn't a pleasant way to wake up." Lydia was more than a little surprised at this admission, and she wondered how long he had been feeling this way. She felt a sharp stab of pity that she chased away quickly. Severus would never want her pity. "I'm sure we'll think of something," Lydia said slowly not wanting to cave and move in to that room. But they didn't have sex every night. How hard would it be to wait to leave until he woke on the days when she did sleep with him? "I believe I already have," he said, his voice devoid of emotion once again, and Lydia raised her eyebrows as he motioned for her to follow him. She was curious and a bit nervous as she followed him upstairs. To her surprise and puzzlement, though, he led her past his bedroom, to the master bedroom. She slowly followed him into the room, surprised that he could stand to go inside it. Lydia's jaw actually dropped when she saw him unbuttoning his shirt. "Sev," she began, but he shook his head, leaning forward to kiss her as he continued with the buttons. She continued to feel confused and disoriented, but her mind was thrown even further into turmoil as he traced his hands up her torso and neck when he was free of the shirt. Lydia lost track of things as she let herself give in to sensations, allowed him to undress her, responded to his kisses hungrily, tumbled onto the bed with him. It was a more comfortable bed, if slightly smaller, and she knew there was something different, something she didn't understand. "What was it you thought of?" she asked as he parted her legs. He raised an eyebrow at her timing and brushed across her most sensitive skin, watching as she twitched at the sensation. "I moved my things already," he said, shifting to enter her. "This room was designed for two, after all."
Lydia lay flat on her stomach, quill in hand as she tried to remember the name of the book Severus assigned to his first year student. Of course, it was hard to remember much of anything with Severus's fingers and lips exploring her back, tracing the curve of her spine. "One thousand what?" she sighed. "Magical herbs and fungi," Severus said before turning his attentions back to scraping his teeth along the nape of her neck. She allowed herself a moment to recover from the shivers before she copied down the title. "Albus is going to be upset with us," she said. "We promised to have these in last week." As a mark of how little Severus cared what Albus thought on the matter, he didn't even bother to respond verbally, simply tracing his fingers lazily down the small of her back. Lydia squirmed, still slightly self-conscious about the obvious marks of malnutrition that he could see on her sides, but she knew he didn't care. He told her once that he scarcely saw them, scarred as he was himself. To him, he told her, her skin appeared as good as flawless. She didn't think she would ever see it that way. Lydia finished with the letter, signing the list at the bottom and apologizing for the lateness, but it took tremendous feats of concentration. As soon as she was done she folded it and rolled over to pass it back to Severus. "It's ready." "I'll post it tomorrow," he said, taking it from her hand and tossing it across to the chest of drawers. It slid across and bounced against the wall slightly. She raised an eyebrow and said, "It's already late." "Fine," he growled. "I'll post it tonight, but not right now." She giggled and nodded, allowing him to turn his attentions to her front now that she had rolled over. Lydia closed her eyes, feeling Severus's eyes on her as his fingers traced shapes on her skin, shapes she knew to be the stirring patterns of several of his favorite, most complex potions. Not especially romantic, but he likely didn't realize he was doing it. Although she had never understood why he was pushing so hard for them to share a room, now that they did she wondered why she hadn't agreed to this sooner. Perhaps they got less done, spending many mornings in bed, forgetting about breakfast entirely, but it was a pleasant laziness. "I've been thinking," he said, looking down at her as her hands reached up to touch his neck, "about when we go back." "Hmm?" "I know my quarters aren't terribly convenient for you," he said, brushing hair out of her eyes and letting his fingers trace her temple gently. "But then yours aren't particularly convenient for me." She closed her eyes. She hadn't thought of that, and now that he mentioned it, she couldn't see why it hadn't occurred to her. At Hogwarts they lived several floors apart, in different corners of the castle. Either they had to go back to sleeping in different beds, or one had to move in with the other, and there would be complications. For one, each of their quarters were by their respective office and classroom. The one who moved would be constantly climbing stairs. Not to mention, if Albus or Minerva went looking for one of them, and didn't find them, or worse found both in bed…. With Albus it would merely be an embarrassment, but with Minerva, Lydia didn't want to think what would happen. Or Merlin forbid, what if Remus arranged another surprise visit through Albus and showed up to find that Severus had moved in to Lydia's quarters, or that Lydia had no things in her quarters? "Are we telling people?" she asked, raising her eyebrows. "Because if someone comes looking for one of us in the middle of the night…." He frowned, and she realized he hadn't thought about this. Severus not thinking of some aspect of his plans was rare, and she sat up, brushing a strand of his hair off his forehead. "I'm not saying we don't have one of us move," she said gently, "but we do have to think this through. It's not a simple matter." "No, it isn't," he agreed, taking her hand and turning her arm so that he could place a kiss on the inside of her wrist. "I don't feel that it is…appropriate for us to make our relationship known." "No," Lydia agreed, maybe a little too quickly. His eyebrows twitched and she saw the recognition in his eyes and she knew they were both thinking about Remus. He loosened his hold on her arm slightly, but he said nothing and did not pull away. "Which means that we will need to maintain both rooms," he said softly, his voice a bit tighter. "For appearances." "Right," she said, resting her fingers on his collarbone. "And maybe I can work out a relay system," he muttered, resting his forehead against hers, "something that will tell us that someone is at the other door." "Mmm." "You might find my quarters quite cold," he said softly. "I'm not the one who is a Head of House," she said, smiling. "Surely it is important for you to be close to the Slytherin common room, in case you are needed in the middle of the night." His nostrils flared at the thought. "Perhaps you are right," he said. "I will keep extra blankets on hand if you decide to move in to my quarters." "Well, you did move in with me here," she teased, tracing her fingers up to his jaw, down to his chin. "It's only fair that I move in with you at Hogwarts." His breathing was growing heavier as she shifted her forehead against his, her lips much closer to his now, so close that they could taste each other's breath. She could feel his pulse quickening under her fingertips, could almost feel his lips on hers although they were not yet touching. The anticipation was so maddening that she leaned forward, taking the initiative, feeling him firmly respond, deepening her kiss and tracing a hand down her side. Lydia allowed her eyelids to flutter shut, feeling his mouth as it moved from hers to her jaw, up her jaw to where her jaw and neck and ear all came together. He pressed his nose against her ear to give him a better angle to kiss her neck, his breath hot and moist on her skin. Lydia squirmed, feeling heat rising within her, aching to have him kiss the rest of her this way. Severus's hand traced up the front of her torso, feeling the weight of her breast in his hand for a moment before he began to work at it with his fingers, kneading gently to give her shivers down her spine, straight to her core. She bit back a moan, but she couldn't hold in her sigh as he bit gently on the tender flesh of her neck. He smiled against her skin as she sighed, redoubling his efforts on her breast. He kissed his way down her neck, placing his lips on the other breast. Lydia let her fingertips dance along his scalp, down to his neck, enjoying the feeling of holding him against her. She hardly noticed that his legs were wrapping around her, pulling their bodies closer together. She squirmed slightly to get a more comfortable angle, and couldn't avoid her sounds of protest as his mouth left her breast. Severus chuckled softly against her skin, tracing kisses back up her neck, to her jaw, to her chin, to her lips. He lingered again for several agonizing moments before kissing her, their slightly open mouths eagerly and hungrily exploring each other. Despite the fact that everything was always comfortable between them, nothing ever felt routine. Severus was always trying to push the boundaries a little, try something different, something new, something just a step beyond where they already were. Lydia had expected to reach a point where she would become shy or uncertain, but the hesitation had yet to arise, and she only felt excited and safe. Lydia sighed into his mouth as his fingers traced down between their bodies, almost painfully slow. She focused on how strangely cold his tongue felt touching hers, how when she closed her eyes the sensation of his lips touching hers was tenfold. The sound of tapping at the window drew her out of her haze and she opened her eyes. The tapping continued and she slowly tried to pull out of the kiss, but Severus followed her, either not hearing or ignoring the sound. The tapping grew louder and he growled with frustration, finally pulling away, looking around wildly until his eyes saw the owl at the window. "Bloody hell," he spat. "Mail at this hour." "It is morning," she said weakly, her whole body aching and racing as she tried to calm herself enough to sit up and pull a blanket over her body. Severus didn't seem to care. He swore again and let the owl in, glowering down at it as it held out its leg. "Just take the damned letter," she said, stifling a giggle as he fumbled to do as he was told. "Albus," he growled, tossing the letter down a little more pleased when the bird flew away immediately, obviously told not to expect a reply. Severus climbed back onto the bed and frowned at Lydia. "What?" His fingers shifted the blanket she had pulled around her body and she rolled her eyes, pushing the letter into his hands and wrapping herself up again as he took it. "An acknowledgement on our booklist," he muttered. "Ah, he's filled the position." "Hmm?" Severus tossed the letter at her glumly, throwing himself back on the pillows and frowning up at the ceiling like a petulant child. Lydia decided to give him some privacy, so she turned her back on him as her eyes scanned the letter. They'd filled the Defense Against the Dark Arts position with a woman named Dalia Orenstein. Albus even went so far as to list the woman's credentials, a list that took up half the page. "She's well qualified," Lydia offered, finally turning to see that Severus's face was blank once more. It was eerie, how well he could hide what he was thinking, what he was feeling. "Indeed." Lydia looked back down at the list. During the war, it seemed, Dalia was on the continent helping a vampire colony arrange their protections enough to gain certain rights within their local government. If the students found out about that, it was possible there would be multiple professors rumored to be vampires. Lydia tried not to laugh, setting the letter aside. "C'mon," she said, smiling, kissing his collarbone as he swatted her away weakly. "I'll make us breakfast." "M'not hungry." "Lies," she said, sticking out her tongue playfully. His expression was bland, but she knew he was amused in spite of the disapproval he tried to convey. "I'll let you sulk for fifteen minutes and then I expect you to come downstairs at eat your eggs." "I'm not sulking," he said as she dropped the blanket, not bothering to put on clothes as she left the room. She heard the bed creak as he sat up quickly. "Lydia," he called after her, almost desperately. "Lydia, I'm not sulking!" She smirked to herself as she heard him swearing, and she was in the kitchen, putting on the kettle by the time she heard him slam the door to their bedroom, hurrying down the stairs more quickly than he'd moved in her presence in years. She tried not to laugh as he burst into the kitchen in nothing but his boxers, pinning her to the counter and telling her in his lowest, most dangerous voice how naughty she was being. The kettle and promise of breakfast were forgotten, and when the kettle began to whistle they ignored it. When the moved back to Hogwarts several days later, Lydia tried to act naturally when she met Minerva in the entrance hall. "I can help you with your things," Minerva said happily. "No need, but thank you," Lydia said, smiling. They'd put the bulk of her things in Severus's trunk, to unpack after dinner that night. She was going to set up her quarters for show before dinner. "Are you busy?" "Just helping people move back in," Minerva said, walking with Lydia up the first flight of stairs. "Have you met Dalia yet?" "No." "She and I are having tea shortly. Perhaps you would like to meet her." Lydia considered this proposal, chewing lightly on the inside of her cheek. It would take no time at all to set up her things, and she would have to meet Dalia sooner or later. But meeting with her in this way felt almost like approving of the woman who took the position Severus wanted. Or perhaps it could be scoping out the enemy. Yes, that was how she would present it to him that night when he complained. "I think I will join you," she said, smiling. "I'll get a bit settled in now, and I'll come to your…office?" "Yes." "I'll be there soon. I can finish with my quarters tonight. I was going to set up my office in the morning, anyway." Minerva let her go and Lydia hurried up to her quarters, feeling strange looking around at the room and thinking of it as a place where she would not be living. Setting up the front room, including tea, biscuits, her drinks in an upper cabinet, books, and a blanket from Theia draped over the sofa, took Lydia very little time. She waited a few minutes for propriety's sake, and then made her way to Minerva's office. Inside was Minerva, pouring tea, and a woman who stood an introduced herself as Dalia Orenstein. Lydia was a little guilty at the wave of relief she felt that this woman was not pretty. She had a rich, beautiful voice, and her dark hair was reflective as it fell gracefully around her shoulders. Her eyes were too close together, though, and she looked perpetually surprised. She had a strong nose, long and smooth, but a little too thin for her face, and her lips looked as though they spent their resting position slightly puckered. Her sparse eyebrows looked wrong compared with the luxury of her hair. "A pleasure to meet you," Lydia said, sitting primly in the unoccupied chair and accepting the tea Minerva pressed her way. "Albus informed me of your many accomplishments. Quite a CV." "Well, I don't like staying in one place too long," Dalia said, smiling. "Keeps things interesting, finding new challenges." "How strange that you should come to Hogwarts," Lydia said, trying not to feel a bit triumphant on Severus's behalf at this woman's admission. "Things stay much the same here every year." It would lead to an uncomfortable situation to ask if Dalia planned on sticking around, at least in present company, but it was a question she fully intended to ask at a different time. The three women nibbled on biscuits for a moment before Dalia picked the conversation up again. "Speaking of distinction," Dalia said, almost smirking with her strange puckered lips, "Minerva and I were just discussing your many accomplishments." Lydia just shrugged, stirring her still too-hot tea. "I have only one," she said, smiling slightly. "I'm reasonably creative at maths." Dalia blinked in confusion, but Minerva laughed. "That hardly explains the depth and breadth of your talent, Lydia," Minerva said, dunking her biscuit in her tea. "Lydia was just referencing her Muggle heritage, Dalia." "Oh, you're Muggle-born?" Lydia thought it was her imagination, that years of hearing those words being said in a derisive tone had changed how she heard them said forever. She was certain Dalia hadn't really been disapproving. After all, Minerva would have reacted if she had been. "Ah, no, half-blood. But I was raised in a Muggle neighborhood, with a Muggle mother." Dalia seemed mildly surprised by this, but she recovered quickly, sipping her tea through tightly smiling lips. But then, everything those lips did looked tight. "Remarkable," Dalia said. "I hope you don't think me prejudiced, especially given…everything Europe has faced over the past few decades, but it can be such a disadvantage, not coming from a family where both parents are magical. Not even a pureblood family, but where both parents understand what their children need to be successful. Did you go to a Muggle…. Oh, what is it called? A primary school." Lydia tried not to feel angry, but she could hardly keep herself from twitching slightly in thinly veiled frustration. "As a matter of fact, I didn't," she said, pressing her finger against the hot side of the teacup. "My father would never have approved." She cleared her throat. "But then, as you alluded to, Europe was a very different place then. England in particular. Sometimes I have to remind myself that my students have a good chance of surviving longer than five years out of school. That's not a luxury my classmates had." Minerva looked between the two woman with quick and slightly anxious eyes. Dalia seemed startled by the forcefulness of Lydia's assertions, particularly about survival. "I'm sorry, I hadn't realized…. I mean, you're quite a bit younger than I…." The woman blinked her too-close eyes rapidly, like a startled deer. Lydia sipped her still-too-warm tea and ignored the burn on her lips. "Oh, no, it's fine," Lydia said in a falsely cheerful voice. "After all, you meant no offense." "Indeed," Dalia said, still blinking. "Indeed. I…I meant no…no offense." Minerva, seeing that the contentious conversation was winding down, very quickly said, "You know, I do believe it will be time for dinner soon. Shall we head down?" "No thank you, Minerva, I'm not hungry," Lydia said. "I promised to help Severus unload some of his more sensitive ingredients." Without another word she left Minerva's office, feeling a boiling inside of her and a strange urge to cry, and she didn't stop for breath until she reached Severus's quarters.
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and regular reviewer NanamiYatsumaki, whose review gave me a bit of a boost sitting down to get this chapter started in spite of exhaustion. Love the reviews from all of you. Keep 'em coming! -C Lydia clapped politely from her seat at the High Table, bored of listening to the Sorting Hat sing every year. She really couldn't imagine how boring that hat's life was, trying to compose a more interesting song every year. How dull that must be. As applause died down, Minerva unrolled the scroll of first year names, and Lydia folded her hands in her lap. "Adams, Paris." Severus leaned forward slightly and whispered in her ear, "You're distracted." "SLYTHERIN!" Lydia shook her head. No, she hadn't been paying much attention since they sat down, but she had the strangest sensation that someone was watching her, someone other than Sirius. "Bagman, Roslin." "HUFFLEPUFF!" She was afraid to look around and figure out who it was. There were reasons, too many reasons for someone to watch her. "Blane, Summer." "SLYTHERIN!" "Boot, Kyle. "RAVENCLAW!" Lydia tapped impatiently on her thighs, feeling uncharacteristic anxiety. If someone were sorted into Gryffindor she would feel better, she told herself, but Bradley, Tavish was sent to Ravenclaw, followed by Cauldwell, Alfie to Hufflepuff. To keep from looking around at who was looking at her, Lydia began to scan the faces of seated students, trying to identify her own students and to decide if any of them looked much different after a summer away. "Clevemore, Conrad." Bill Weasley was sitting with Doran Moses, the two of them watching very attentively. They were starting to look older, a bit taller. Riika Burton and Lulu Mortimerson were across the Gryffindor table from them, both preening their hair. Lydia pursed her lips to stifle a bit of laughter bubbling up. The girls in fourth year were starting to sprout noticeable breasts, and they were hoping the boys had noticed. If Bill and Doran were any judge, the girls were going to be disappointed. "SLYTHERIN!" "Coopey, Saffron." "SLYTHERIN!" Her line of vision was drawn to the Slytherin table, where Cayley Barbary and Tryphaina Poole were clapping lazily, gossiping away over the noise, taking advantage of it to not be noticed. Cayley saw Lydia watching, however, and elbowed her friend, who followed her gaze. Lydia carefully raised her eyebrows at the two girls, who blushed and snapped their mouths shut. Sometimes being a teacher had its advantages. "Davies, Cona." "RAVENCLAW!" "Dorrey, Jude." "SLYTHERIN!" "Dunstan, Isaak." "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Frobisher, Kyle." "GRYFFINDOR!" She clapped a bit harder, feeling her hand pulsing as she did so. Sorting was always an interesting time to decide who was related. Lulu's little brother, Lance, was also Sorted into Gryffindor, as was Doran's little sister, Leana. Another Oakfoot (this one named Abilene) was put into Ravenclaw, and a new Redfriend, a girl named Zoia, was sent to Gryffindor. There were lots of siblings or cousins in the crowd this year, and Lydia lost track of who was related to who by the end. "Tumblebrook, Jynessa." "SLYTHERIN!" "Wolf, Jeynella." "HUFFLEPUFF!" Applause was extended as Minerva rolled the scroll once more, and removed the Sorting Hat and its stool from the Hall. Lydia did not pay attention to the words Albus used to call in the food, just watched the faces full of wonder, the first years seeing the feast appear for the first time. Had her face looked like that, all those years ago? "Steak and kidney pie?" Dalia said, passing the dish to Lydia, who shook her head, not bothering to offer it to Severus, who would only sneer at it. "Potatoes," he said, not a question, putting some on her plate as she moved her hand to give him better access. Dalia seemed momentarily surprised by this, as most new professors were when they saw Lydia and Severus serving each other food. "We were in the same year," Lydia said, smiling politely. "And we grew up on the same street. I feel like I've known Severus my whole life." "Indeed," Dalia said, frowning slightly, taking the potatoes as they were passed to her and handing them along to Minerva. Lydia continued to have that feeling of being watched throughout the feast, but she focused on her food, and on surreptitiously trying to make Severus take some pudding, although he flatly refused and his jaw was beginning to twitch with annoyance by the time Albus stood to address the students. She tried to listen, to pay attention as he welcomed the students for the new school year and gave the typical warnings and reminders, but her mind was preoccupied. She could almost feel eyes on her, but she couldn't sense where they were coming from. She had the sensation that it was somewhere to the right of her, perhaps by the Slytherin table, but she couldn't be certain, especially when she was struggling to focus on the speech. He introduced Dalia Orenstein as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and Dalia stood, smiling with tight lips at the applause of the students meant to welcome her. For the first time all night, Lydia felt relief from the gaze that she hadn't been able to pinpoint. Whoever it was, was now looking at Dalia. Curiosity, perhaps, acknowledgement. There was always curiosity about the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers. Not moments after Dalia sat, after the speech continued, the feeling of being watched returned, and it did not go away until the students had filed out and Severus and Lydia went to his quarters, him putting the kettle on, her rubbing her shoulders to rid herself of the sensation. "What is it?" he asked, handing her a cup. "Too cold?" "No," she said. She hadn't noticed the temperature. "No, I just felt…strange tonight. It's probably nothing. Let's drink these in bed. I'm knackered." He kissed her forehead and led the way to bed, the bed they had begun to call "ours." The following day, Lydia had only three classes, two in the morning and one in the afternoon, and she came back to Severus's quarters before he finished with his classes for the day. She pulled out a little journal she had picked up over the holiday and began making some notes on her third year students, what she had learned about them, how she was going to tell them apart. Lulu's sister Leea, for example, was in the class and seemed a bit of an airhead. Bill's brother Charlie already looked like he was going to be trouble, but he was uncommonly bright. If Dan Middleton of Hufflepuff didn't spend a bit less time staring at his fellow Hufflepuff, Nina Lyons, he would never pass his O.W.L. Mila Yeatman and Ruth Paul sat between the Phelps twins, and Lydia hoped Ravenclaw would start having a few less twins in it so she could tell her students apart more easily. Zhana Blane of Slytherin also had a very superior attitude, and Lydia made a note to keep an eye out for bullying. And then there was Nymphadora Tonks. Lydia let her hand hover over the page, wondering what to write about Sirius's cousin's daughter when an owl began to tap insistently at the window. Taking this as a lifeline, and opportunity to avoid reflection on Miss Tonks for the moment, she hurried across to the window, letting in the bird, mildly surprised that it was for her. Until she saw the handwriting, that neat handwriting she knew so well. Eagerly she opened the letter. Lydia, By now you've had your first classes of the year, no doubt. Hopefully I've timed this well and you are done with classes when this reaches you. I would hate to disturb you. It has been a while since we've written or talked, and I wanted to take a moment to catch up, to find out what you've been up to and to update you on my life, not that there's much to tell on that score. Perhaps we could even meet for tea or lunch soon. Not right away, as you need time to get settled in your new year, and I need to get settled into my new job. Yes, I said new job. No need to be so surprised. I'm sure you're sitting there grinning to yourself. It's nothing glamorous. I'm working at a pub in Yorkshire, and I get nights off for a week once a month. I've said that I've got an ailing mother I need to take my turn caring for and the owner seems sympathetic. Hopefully he doesn't have interest in the lunar charts or he'll see through my terrible lies. I haven't used the ailing mother excuse in years. It was James's favorite. I look forward to hearing from you. -Remus She sighed, quickly writing a response, asking a few basic questions about the pub, saying she'd love to set up a time to meet up, and what was his schedule like so they could arrange it. She told him a few minor details from her first day of classes, and a few observations about Dalia Orenstein as a new teacher, and then sent the owl away, her heart racing. Then she looked down at the letter. The sensible thing would have been to burn it. She'd certain done enough letter burning when she was living with Sirius, but even then she'd kept some of Severus's letters, hid them away right under Sirius's nose. And she wanted to keep this letter. The most reasonable thing would have been to hide it somewhere in her own quarter, but that would take time, and wouldn't always be practical. No, she would need to have somewhere to hide letters here, in Severus's quarters, and it was a terrifying prospect. Severus was a lot harder to fool than Sirius, a lot shrewder and a lot more precise. She couldn't simply cut a hole in his mattress, even if she thought the house-elves would stand for it. And she didn't want to think about how Severus would react, knowing she was hiding letters from Remus from him in his own quarters. Lydia shuddered but couldn't think of why she would have. It wasn't cold. She needed to find somewhere Severus would never think to look, someplace that wasn't obvious. Hiding Remus's letters in her papers would be too obvious, and there was always a risk that in her grading bag she'd hand them out with graded essays…. Her stomach turned at the thought. She could always hide it right in front of Severus's nose, but he was uncommonly good at seeing things right in front of him. She paced into the bedroom, frowning around, looking for a spot he wouldn't think to look. Suddenly, the most brilliant idea occurred to her and she walked into the bathroom, letter in hand. She licked her lips, smiling at the way Severus always capped the toothpaste she forgot to cap when she left for breakfast. Lydia opened the drawer that belonged to her. In the front were things Severus would have no hesitation in searching: her make-up bag, a packet of hair ties, cotton balls, lotion. In the back of the drawer, however, were a couple boxes of tampons. And Lydia knew from being friends with several very vocal boys in school that if there was anywhere boys wouldn't look for things, any place that made them uncomfortable, it was something associated with menstruation. Lydia pulled out the box on the left and slipped the letter into the back of the box. He would never look there. She smiled, satisfied with herself, slipping the box back into the drawer when she heard the door to Severus's quarters open. "Lydia?" he said. "Where are you?" "Bathroom, I'll be right out," she said, hastily turning on the sink and washing her hands so he wouldn't ask any questions." He didn't, sitting down on the sofa as she was coming back out to greet him. "You look exhausted," she said, sitting down beside him, examining his weary face. "It always amazes me, the ability of first year students to ruin cauldrons and tables and books all on the first day." She tried not to smile, knowing he saw nothing amusing about it. "Which set?" "Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff." At least it wasn't the younger Mortimerson, then, she thought to herself, knowing how he loved to pick on that family. "Tell me." "All five Hufflepuff girls managed to burn or melt or break something. Every single one of them. And they weren't even working in the same stations." Lydia would have laughed if he didn't teach the most dangerous class in Hogwarts. Catastrophes were always possible in almost any classroom, but in his class they were a semi-regular occurrence, and some students seemed to cause them just by breathing. If he had a quarter of a class filled with such students, Lydia couldn't imagine what the next seven years were going to be like. Well, five. If they were that bad, there was no way they'd make it to N.E.W.T. level. "Tea?" she said as he settled in to tell her exactly how each disaster happened. "Please," he sighed, watching her as she crossed to put the kettle on. Lydia realized he was still silent and she turned to look at him, questioning. He was giving her that look, the one that he reserved for special occasions, the one that made her entire insides melt and burn and ache. She hated and loved that look in equal measure, and she nearly dropped the tea tin in her hands at the burn in his eyes. As though he wasn't completely exhausted, as if just moments ago standing wasn't the last thing on his mind, Severus stood abruptly and swept across to her. Before the tin could fall from her hands he removed it, setting it back down on the table, his eyes never leaving hers. His hands swept up her neck, fingertips glancing over her skin, caressing her jaw to pull her face closer, Lydia's whole body reacting as she leaned in, desperate, aching still from that gaze. When their lips met, Lydia forgot all about the kettle, all about tea, all about everything that required rational and sequential thought. Someone moaned – possibly her – and she felt him leading her to their bed. Their bed, she thought with a smile as he lowered her back onto the bed, shifting his pillow so that it was behind her head before she fell back entirely. Lydia felt the strange cooling sensation on her legs as his fingers traced up her thighs. She wanted him to kiss her again as he let his fingers dance up her skin, but he pulled back from her lips every time she tried, simply staring into her eyes with that burning, freezing gaze that she didn't have a word for. His finger yanked her panties away from her, ripping them in the process, but Severus didn't seem to care. He growled, pressing a finger into her. Lydia gasped at the suddenness of this action, closing her eyes as he leaned close to her ear and said, "Never expected you to be this wet this quickly." She shivered. He hardly ever said dirty things, especially when they were in bed. To hear him say something like that in his lowest, most dangerous voice, sent a thrill through her that she didn't recognize. She felt her body trembling beneath him as he began to pump the finger in and out in a slow, steady rhythm. Her mouth moaned in protest when he withdrew his finger, without the permission of the rest of her, and she opened her eyes to see him pulling off his clothes. He was still watching her with that gaze, and she found she couldn't break eye contact as he slowly and deliberately stripped away each piece of clothing. Any other time she might have laughed at the thought of Severus stripping for her. Now she could barely breathe, much less think. He wasted no time when he was naked, crawling onto the bed beside her, pushing her legs apart without regard for the fact that she was still mostly clothed. Lydia didn't pay much regard either, rolling her head back onto the pillow as he slid is length into her, moaning at the delicious fullness she felt. To her surprise, before he began to thrust he reached up with a hand to turn her head so that she was looking at him again, so they were locked eyes, and he began to move in and out as she stared up at his gaze, his hand remaining on her chin. Between the look he was giving her steadily – although his jaw tightened as he continued and his teeth appeared to be clenched – and the building of heat between her legs she was helpless. Lydia could hear herself making animalistic sounds of longing and pleasure as their flesh smacked together, could feel her body turning to jelly beneath him, could smell their sweat and juices mingling in the air. She had forgotten Remus, forgotten the letter, forgotten her own name briefly as she struggled to hold in a sort of strangled scream as her climax was building, bubbling closer and closer to the surface. She couldn't hold on forever, and finally she did scream, and she did feel herself lose control. Her body twitched and writhed but he held her head in place as they continued to stare at each other. He kept up his thrusting as she writhed until he, too, lost control and let his own release overcome him. She had never seen his eyes glow so brightly. When he collapsed on top of her, panting against her clothed breasts she said, "What on earth was that for? Getting your mind off the work day?" He shook his head, one of her hands to his lips and lazily kissing each fingertip. "There will always be dunderheads," he said, a bit breathless. "But we can make it a good year, in spite of them." A/N: New feature! Review prompt: What do you think Severus's internal dialogue is when he's giving her that look? -C
A/N: Love the responses from the last chapter, and it seems like y'all like the review prompt, so I'm keeping it. This chapter is dedicated to new reader, KeeperoftheNine. Thanks for your support and kind words! -C She closed her eyes, trying to ignore his pounding on the door. He'd done this three mornings in a row now, and she found it a bit wearying. It wasn't as though his morning routine took any time at all. And although she would never say this to his face, the students wouldn't notice the difference if he skipped a morning shower and did it later. "Lydia!" he bellowed. "Lydia, quit hogging the shower." She smirked and rolled her eyes as she rinsed shampoo out of her hair. He wasn't really upset that she was taking up the shower. He was upset that she spent most of her morning in the bathroom and not in bed with him. She had learned very quickly that part of the reason he wanted to share a bed every night was so that he could wake her up every morning by touching her. Not that she had any issues with this, but if she let him have his way on work mornings she would never make it to breakfast. "You could always come in with me," she teased, running her fingers through her hair to be certain she'd gotten all the suds out. She heard him pause, then try the door. "Not funny, Lydia," he snarled through the door when he found out it was locked. "When did we start locking doors?" She rolled her eyes again, turning off the water and inhaling a sharp breath at the sudden cold that ran through every part of her body. His quarters stayed much colder than hers had, but it didn't usually bother her, except right after turning off a shower. She wrapped a towel around her body and unlocked the door with a wave of her wand before turning to the mirror. Severus came in, scowling, but he couldn't hold the scowl as his eyes grazed her towel-clad body. "You take too long in the shower," he said frowning as she carefully wand-dried her hair. "Afraid I'll come out all wrinkly?" she teased. "Lydia, I have to shower in the morning as well." "There's still plenty of time before breakfast." "That's not the point." She held in a frustrated sigh, knowing he wouldn't be pleased that she was frustrated with him. In truth, she wasn't much bothered that he wanted to spend more time with her, but she didn't see why it had to cut into her morning routine. Turning to face him once her hair was dry, Lydia raised an eyebrow and said, "You didn't care that I took long showers at Spinner's End." His eyes flashed and he looked over her shoulder instead of in her eyes. He had too much pride to direct his gaze downward, especially during a fight. "That was different." "Well, I did say it before," she said, turning back to the mirror and moisturizing her face. "What did you say before?" "We're not very good at sharing," she said casually, expecting to see frustration in his face once more as she smoothed the moisturizer over her neck. Instead, he almost looked…amused. "You don't have classes on Thursday mornings," he said. Ah, there it was. He had expected that since she didn't have to leave their quarters so early that he would have her to himself. "I'm meeting someone in Hogsmeade." He said nothing, his face tightening. He didn't have to ask. He knew she was going to see Remus. Severus took a few steps forward, leaning down and lifting a strand of hair to kiss her neck just below her earlobe. "Do me a favor," he said, lingering close to her ear. "Hmm?" "Take a shower when you get back." Without another word he turned and left the bathroom, and Lydia frowned at her reflection. She supposed it would be courtesy. Not only was she going to be seeing him after she was with Remus, but they were going to be sharing quarters, a bed. No need to rub it into Severus's nostrils that she had brunch with Remus. Lydia rubbed took more moisturizer and rubbed it over the rest of her body, letting the towel drop to the floor now that she was better acclimatized to the coolness of the bathroom. Next Thursday morning she would have to make it up to Severus, and she made a mental note not to schedule things with Remus on Thursday mornings. There were other times to meet, times that didn't take away something from Severus. She put on a bit of make-up, careful not to put on too much. If there was one thing all the men in her life had in common, it was that Sirius, Remus, and Severus all hated it when she wore much makeup. A shiver ran through her body. She hadn't thought of Sirius so casually in a long, long time. She glanced at the mirror again, frowning at her reflection as she tried to calm herself. How had Azkaban treated him, she wondered? Was he thinner? Did he stay up at night thinking of her? Perhaps he was dead by now. She knew people didn't tend to last longer than five years in Azkaban before they lost their minds or died. But then, this was Sirius, she reminded herself as she pulled on her clothes. He took great pride in being superior to the average wizard. No doubt he would live out the rest of his life in that place, and it would be disgustingly long. He would likely outlive Lydia, Remus, everyone who once called him friend. Everyone he betrayed. She closed her hands into fists and took a deep breath, shaking the thoughts away from her. There was no sense in letting herself think of him any longer. There was nothing he could do to her now, no way to hurt her or anyone she cared about. When Lydia arrived at Hogsmeade, at the Three Broomsticks, Remus was just sitting down with two butterbeers. He smiled at her, waving her over to the table. Lydia couldn't help but smile back at the sight of him so happy, and she took off her gloves, sitting down across from him, accepting the drink with a gracious word of thanks. "You look well," they said in unison, both chuckling at the chorus. "I wasn't sure what you'd want to eat," he said, still smiling, "so I haven't ordered food yet." She shrugged. "Surprise me." He looked at her thoughtfully for a moment before nodding, squeezing her hand, and standing to go order food. Lydia's hand tingled with anticipation. He was clearly in a very good mood, and she wondered if perhaps he hadn't found a truly stable job. There had to be an employer out there somewhere willing to employ someone as fastidious and capable as Remus, werewolf or no. Remus had yet to find such an employer, but he was bound to eventually. When he came back still smiling, Lydia felt a soaring feeling in her chest, like the excitement of being a teenager with a crush all over again. "Classes going well?" he asked, watching her take a drink of butterbeer. "Oh, yes," she said, smiling. "I've got a few young students with a lot of promise." She shifted, because thinking of the Weasley brothers, as she had been, always led to thinking of Nymphadora Tonks, which led to thinking about Sirius. The girl could change anything about her appearance, but she always kept those eyes, a Black family trait. "Are you alright?" Remus asked, frowning with concern. Lydia forced a shaky laugh and said, "Oh, there's just a lot of…old families at Hogwarts, you know?" "Death Eaters?" he asked sympathetically, and a dark expression she hadn't seen since the war, since watching the Marauders talk about Order business in the corner, flashed across his eyes. "Some," she admitted. "Do…do you recall Andromeda and Ted?" The names were instantly recognized, although he didn't nod. He would remember that they had a child, and she hoped it was just the one. She didn't want to think about more children running around with Sirius's eyes. Nymphadora Tonks made Lydia especially uncomfortable, not for anything she had done or said in class, but just by existing in Lydia's space. Lydia always had a horrible sense of foreboding around the girl, although it was probably silliness, probably nothing. Remus cleared his throat as Rosmerta brought two full English breakfasts to the table. The pair thanked her and tucked in. "Work is going well," he said, a little too quickly. He wasn't talking about it because he particularly wanted to, but to cheer up Lydia. She thought it was very kind, and she tried to force herself not to feel too hopeful. Remus spent all of breakfast telling her all the mundane details of his job. Lydia listened politely without really paying attention, watching how the lines and scars on his face shifted with the change of his expressions, the change of his words. She watched the way his jaw moved when he chewed bacon versus when he chewed toast, and she tried to memorize the ripple of his throat when he swallowed. When they finally finish eating, Remus offered to walk her to the gates, which she gladly accepted, heart throbbing against her chest. "How is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" he asked, grinning. "Rumor mongers' say she's a vampire." Lydia smirked and said, "Well, I'm certainly no expert, but I haven't seen any evidence of it. She's a bit…uncomfortable to be around, but I think she means well enough." She frowned slightly. "Then again, I'm not the best judge of character." Remus stiffened slightly and nodded. She didn't know if he was thinking of Sirius, but it wasn't just that. It was too easy to think back to Irene sacrificing herself for Lydia after Lydia spending all year jealously despising her. They paused outside the gates and Remus shifted forward onto the balls of his feet, then back down again, something she hadn't seen since they were children. "You have class this afternoon?" he asked a little eagerly. "Yeah, fourth years," she said, trying to ignore the racing of her pulse and the dryness in her throat as she watched him. "Should be a good day. They all practiced their functions over the summer, oddly enough." "I don't think that's odd," Remus said, grinning. "I'm sure you're a very inspiring teacher." Lydia snorted. "Likely." "No, really," he said, a little eagerly, and she felt a bit faint. "If you'd been my professor I would have done extra homework all summer long trying to please you." She barely had time to process these words when he leaned in and pressed his lips gently to hers. The touch of his lips felt so warm compared with kissing Severus, and she felt lightheaded by the suddenness of it all. And just as suddenly as he was kissing her, he had pulled away, said his goodbyes and promised to write, and then he was gone. Lydia stood at the gate for a few moments longer, trying to gather her sense of self and purpose before going back to the castle. If she hadn't had classes and responsibilities she might have stood in that spot forever, but she went back to the castle, making a point of another quick shower before going to her classroom, for Severus's sake. She would feel awkward enough, having that kiss in the back of her mind all night, perhaps longer. Her hands were still shaking as she set up for the fourth years, putting a few starting equations on the board for them to work out while she collected their problem sets. She could almost feel Remus's hand on hers again as she double checked the equations, waiting for the bell to ring. The students filed in, Bill and Doran sitting in the front of the room, immediately pulling out fresh parchment to do the exercises on the board while their classmates settled in. "How is Quidditch practice, Doran?" she asked, watching the boy stick out his tongue, deep in thought. "Good," he said, tilting his head so that his dark hair shifted to the side. "Max is Captain." "Mr. Redfriend?" she said, smiling. It was little surprise. His older brother, Logan, had just graduated as Captain and had been on the team for as long as Lydia had taught. "Yeah, I guess Professor McGonagall didn't trust Eann and Dennis." Lydia smiled. Those boys were certainly a handful. "And who is replacing your three graduating players?" "Well, you don't know Everrett Middleton, but he's in our year, and he's a Beater," Doran said, changing a mistake on his work. "And our new Seeker is a second year, Medea Rosetti. You wouldn't know her either. Bill, Charlie's taking this class, right?" "Yeah," Bill said, setting down his quill, finished. "He's the new Keeper." "Oh, good for him," Lydia said, making a mental note to congratulate him as she paced around the room, looking at the work of her students, trying to keep Remus from dominating her mind. Drina Phelps, one of her best students in this year, played Keeper for Ravenclaw, and was bending her quill slightly, frowning at her work, obviously trying to decide if she'd done something wrong. "They look good," Lydia said encouragingly. "What about the Ravenclaw team, Drina? How are they looking this year?" She shrugged back nervously. "Professor surprised everyone by making Belladonna Slipford Captain." Lydia bit her tongue to keep from saying that at least Belladonna was more responsible – even as a fifth year – than previous Captain Alice Hardy had ever been. The fact was, even though Cama and Reeno were both seventh years, Belladonna had been on the team longer than either of them. "And who is replacing Miss Hardy as Seeker?" Lydia asked politely. "Augusta Boot," Drina said, wrinkling her nose slightly. "She's not in your class, she's a third year. Very small, very quick, but not very—" "Drina," Felix McYates said in a disapproving voice, and Drina cut off, aware that she was about to say something derogatory about a fellow Ravenclaw to a professor. The girl blushed, and Lydia filed away that Ravenclaw, a young team, was going to struggle with personality issues for several years at least. Tryphaina Poole sat in the back with her classmate and teammate Seanna Sawyerson-Burnettson. Seanna played Seeker, and Tryphaina was the second Chaser. "How about for Slytherin?" she asked the girls politely as Tryphaina set her quill down, finished. Seanna wasn't nearly the student her friend was, and she gave the professor a nervous smile before turning back to her work, letting Tryphaina answer. "Zelma Barbary has been made Captain," Tryphaina said. "Not that anyone's terribly surprised. We got a couple of second year students in to fill our slots. Gevin's been replaced by someone named Charles Bysshe, and our new Chaser is Godiva Bundy. She's…got a bit to learn, but Zelma's confident." "Well, you'll have strong Beaters again this year," Lydia said, encouragingly. Zelma and Jack Yeatman were an incredibly powerful, in-sync Beater set that made Slytherin a formidable team no matter who they were playing. Lydia moved to the front of the class, watching the students finish up the last of their work. There were no fourth year Hufflepuffs in her class, so she would ask the Oakfoot twins in the morning how that team was doing, but she knew Jon Middleton, their lead Chaser, was still Captain. "Alright," she said, smiling. "A couple of you are still working, but you'll have time for it later if you finish your practice problems early. Quills down and let's talk about the problem sets. Miss Lucas, quills down applies to you as well. Thank you." Klara Lucas blushed, but she did as she was told. "Now, how did we all feel about the problem sets? Show me with your thumbs." Lydia let her eyes scan the sea of thumbs, noting that it was a more positive showing than they'd given her last spring. Perhaps there would be hope for a few more of them passing O.W.L.s than she had expected of this group, if they continued to push forward. "Promising," she said, smiling at them warmly. "Now, who can tell me what an occidental inversion is and how it applies to the radius of magical space?" Unsurprisingly, Bill Weasley's hand shot in the air first, followed quickly by Doran, Drina, and Tryphaina. Before the other Ravenclaws could put their hands up, she called on Doran, forcing herself not to favor Bill. It was a little too easy to treat him as her favorite, because sometimes he reminded her of Remus. Thinking of Remus was a mistake, however, because she hardly heard Doran's answer to her question. Judging from the expression on Bill's face, Doran was right, so she wasn't too worried. Her mind went instead to the feeling of Remus's lips on hers, the smile he'd worn virtually the entire time they were together, the way he'd understood everything she hadn't been able to say. She wasn't ready to dare let herself think too positively, too hopefully, but it was almost like the old days when she was in love with Remus and he was in love with her, and in spite of their not being together it was all so uncomplicated. The days before Sirius fell for her, before Severus was jealously protecting her from everyone he felt wasn't good enough, before Remus became all Lydia had left of her childhood as a Gryffindor. For just one morning things had been uncomplicated again, and it was such a beautiful feeling that she couldn't help but stand a little taller and feel, in spite of her best efforts, just a little more hopeful. A/N: Review Prompt: Who's winning the Quidditch Cup this year, and what position would you want to play (or not want to play, as the case may be)? -C
Lydia was trembling when Severus woke her with kisses. She wanted to believe it was from arousal, but she'd had a rough Halloween the night before and she'd actually asked Severus to sedate her. She didn't need him to tell her that she'd trembled all night long. She could feel it in the way her muscles ached. Ignoring Severus's protests she sat up abruptly, gripping at her arms. They'd gone to the grave yesterday, and Lydia had finally seen her friends' names on a stone, seen the house they'd died in, the statue put up in honor of the Potters. "It's over," he said, sitting up beside her, placing a hand on her shoulder. "The war is over and you're safe." "But she's gone," Lydia said, her voice little more than a breath into the cool air of their bedroom. A shiver ran through her that was nothing to do with the cold. "I never told anyone this, but…I didn't care as much what happened to Harry or James. I just…I just needed Lily. And Harry's alive and she's gone. And I was so…angry with him. A baby. Can you believe it? I was mad at a baby for surviving an attack by You-Know-Who." Severus said nothing, which Lydia was glad of. She knew he felt the same way about Lily, that it mattered little to him that James had died, and that he would have traded Harry for Lily a hundred times over. But unlike Lydia, Severus didn't feel guilty about it. "D'you suppose he's happy?" she whispered. "Hmm?" "Harry." "He's, what four? Five? Children are usually happy at that age." Lydia closed her eyes. She had been, certainly. Blissfully unaware of the struggles her parents had in their marriage, unaware that her happiness would be short-lived. By seven the illusion was already fading rapidly. But Severus, he wasn't happy at five. Could Harry have been? The way Vernon had talked when Lydia showed up, broken, begging to see Harry, the things he said about beating the magic out of him…. Didn't he realize he had the child of a pureblood on his hands? The child of two of the most powerful magical people in a generation? Lydia shook her head as Severus brushed a bit of her hair off her shoulder, resting his chin where the hair had been. "Did you ever meet Vernon Dursley?" she asked. He grunted that he hadn't. "He was an awful man, brutish. Terrified of anything that wasn't…normal." "You think he's abusing the boy." She shivered again. "Maybe," she said. "Maybe not yet. It depends on when he starts to show signs of magic." Severus hummed against her neck. Lydia wondered silently if she'd done the right thing, leaving him there with Petunia and Vernon. Perhaps she should have fought, insisted that she take him. But she had no legal right to him, because she'd not married Sirius, and he was the godfather. She made that choice, she told Lily to make Sirius the godfather, because he would need the child if something happened to them. I pulled away from Severus, feeling slightly sick to my stomach, standing, not bothering to cover myself as I began to shake more violently. "Lydia, what is it?" "It's my fault," she muttered. "My fault Harry's alone." "He's not." "My fault he's with the Dursleys," she corrected. She looked at him, to panicked to see the worry in his eyes. "Lily said she and James couldn't decide who to make the godparent. Because Sirius and I had agreed not to talk about marriage until after the war. And I said she should choose Sirius." "Lydia." "I thought that losing them would break him, devastate him," she gasped. "I thought that having Harry might help him move on. God, Sev, what if he hadn't killed Peter? What if they hadn't caught him, if he'd somehow gotten his hands on Harry and finished the job?" "He didn't," Severus said firmly, hurrying to catch her before she collapsed. "He's in Azkaban and Harry may not be with the most pleasant of people, but he is safe. Do you honestly think," He continued after a brief pause, "that if you had been the guardian that he would have gone after Peter Pettigrew first? Do you think he would have kept you alive for the sake of sentimentality?" Lydia felt her knees give way and Severus scooped her up, placing her back in bed gently, sitting beside her as she began to cry. "None of this is your fault," he said gently, brushing the tears from her face. "There was nothing you could have done. You didn't tell them to pick him as a Secret-Keeper. You didn't know…. There was nothing, Lydia." She said nothing and he simply watched her cry, waiting for her to try to calm herself. "Would you like something?" "What?" "I have to go brew some things for Poppy before the meeting," he said, brushing a bit of hair out of her face. "I'm ordering for breakfast to be brought here for you. Don't argue, Lydia, you're in no state to go to the Great Hall. Would you like to take something, or for me to leave something out for you?" She considered the offer, glad he was making it an offer instead of spiking her food for once. He'd been very good about her anxieties this year, thus far. "Go ahead and leave something out," she said. "I…I'll take it if I haven't calmed down by the time the meeting rolls around." He nodded, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead before leaving her alone in bed. Lydia continued to tremble, staring at the door that had closed behind him, and she wondered if he would drug her food anyway, and leave something out that wouldn't clash with what he used. She would be upset with him if he did, if she found out. For the moment, though, she was too tired, physically and emotionally, to be upset with him. She had only just pulled herself out of bed when she heard a tapping at the window and she groaned, crossing to let in an owl. "Hello," she said, taking the letter and pouring some water for the owl. "Ah, Remus," she muttered, feeling less excited about this than she might have otherwise. "I might have known." As the owl drank greedily from the water she'd laid out, Lydia sat back down on the bed, opening the letter with shaking hands. Lydia, I hope you slept well last night. Merlin knows, one of us ought to. I had a great time when we went to Hogsmeade. We really ought to do that again sometime. Maybe we could even stop in at Honeydukes, like the good old days. D'you remember how every other month James would stock up and buy nearly half the shop? He could have got by with doing it less often, but if we didn't have a mound of chocolate to draw from he felt he wasn't doing his duty to the Marauders. Of course, I hardly have to say I miss them. I'm sure you feel it too. I drank too much last night, trying to forget New Year's, seventh year, at Potter Manor. Do you remember that? I couldn't get rid of the memory until I passed out, and then I dreamed of it. You wore that dress Mary got you, and I swear every bloke in the place was jealous of Sirius having you on his arm. I know I was. Well, every bloke but James. Seeing them kiss on the New Year, I never would have imagined how everything was going to be. My life without them feels empty. I know I usually say I'm fine, but judging by how much firewhiskey I drank last night, Lydia, I'm not fine. How have we managed this long? How do we keep living, knowing they're never coming back? Do you ever feel the guilt? Do you ever feel like…? I'm sorry. I'm not suicidal, there's no need to come looking for me, but surely you understand how I feel, this ache that exists with me all the time and flares up with a vengeance every Halloween. One of these years we should spend it together, just to keep from being alone. Of course, you have Severus. So you're not alone. I…I guess I've taken enough of your time. I'll be okay, Lydia, even if I'm not right now. I'll smile when we see each other again. I promise. -Remus Wiping her eyes, Lydia pulled out parchment and wrote a brief reply: Remus, I know exactly what you mean. I feel the guilt keenly. I visited the grave this year and I never will again, I think. I just…I just can't see it anymore. But I'll be fine too. I'll smile when we meet again. I have a staff meeting to get ready for, but take care of yourself, Remus. I don't want another letter like this one. I've lost too much. -Lydia She sent it away with the owl and tucked the letter into her tampon box with the other one, deciding as she sat down for breakfast that she would, indeed, need to take the Calming Draught Severus left out for her. She stirred it into her tea and began to eat the hash browns he'd ordered. If she could ever feel capable of managing herself enough, she would have taken him up on the offer to spend a Halloween together. She couldn't stand the thought of him suffering through that alone every year. But what Remus didn't know was how hard Halloween was for Severus, as well. Lydia knew he'd never say it out loud, but Severus struggled as much as she did each year with the anniversary of Lily's death. She knew that every year after she went to bed, he drank several shots, perhaps much the same way Remus had been dealing with his pain. And she couldn't abandon Severus. Having her to take care of made his own difficulty dealing with the situation easier. He couldn't wallow if he was busy caring for Lydia. He needed her, even if he didn't say it. Lydia forced herself to drink the tea, vaguely aware that the more of it she consumed, the less her hands were trembling. The bitterness overpowered her tea and she realized it was extra-strength. Well, she told herself, turning to her eggs, at least that meant Severus hadn't spiked her food after all. Nothing he could have secretly dosed her with would have gone well with an extra-strength Calming Draught, and he wouldn't have left her alone if there was a chance she would unwittingly poison herself. She smiled. He was dealing with her quite well this year, indeed. After finishing her breakfast, careful to drink all of the drugged tea, Lydia put on fresh robes and combed out her hair. Albus would know that she had a horrible night, and potentially that she'd had a milder attack again this morning, but there was no need for anyone else on the staff to know. Her eyes were slightly puffy, but that was to be expected. Nobody on staff was naïve to the fact that it was the anniversary of the death of her closest friends. To have dry eyes would be uncharacteristic, to say the least. Severus was waiting for her in the corridor, and the first thing he did was check her irises, no doubt to be certain that she took the Calming Draught. He seemed satisfied, and they began to walk. "How was brewing?" she asked, avoiding the topic of her own morning as much as possible. "Did you accomplish much?" "Indeed, I did," he said, his eyes narrowing at a group of students they passed, who looked guilty and shuffled along. Lydia had no doubt that they hadn't actually done anything worth looking guilty for, but Severus had that effect on students. "Poppy will be pleased." They were the last to arrive, and Lydia found herself separated from Severus by a function of seating, but they were able to sit across from each other. She sat between Kettleburn and Dalia, who gave her a smile that made Lydia feel slightly uncomfortable as she sat. Still, Lydia returned the smile, ignoring the uneasiness. It was probably just a reaction to the Calming Draught. "I hope you all enjoyed the feast yesterday," Albus said, sparing a glance at Lydia, who smiled weakly back at him, ignoring Dalia's knocking legs with her as she shifted in her chair. "Severus, how is the stock of extra cauldrons?" From the twinkle in the man's eye, he knew full well that the first years had managed to melt two dozen cauldrons already. "Absurdly low," Severus drawled, completely unamused by the situation. "We will certainly have to order more, out of the budget for first year. If there is a subsection to that budget, bill it to the Hufflepuffs." "Now, really, Severus," Pomona said, slightly indignant. "If your students managed to go through a single day of Potions without causing multiple disasters, Pomona, I would be more forgiving," he said over her arguments. "Possibly. But they are incapable in this particular year, and I doubt it is merely my class they are terrorizing." Minerva shifted and said, "He does have a point, Pomona. If things haven't improved by next term, I will be filing for special privileges to drop two of those girls from my class. They nearly killed each other last week, for the third time." Lydia blinked. Dropping students from classes was always frowned upon, but only in the most extreme of situations could students be dropped from core classes. Those were usually courses like Potions, Transfiguration, or Herbology where they could cause permanent and possibly fatal damage to themselves or others. As far as Lydia was aware, the last time a student was dropped from a core class was more than ten years ago – at least it had been rumored – and that was Transfiguration as well. The last time a student was dropped from a core class that wasn't one of those three was rumored to be more than twenty-five years ago, when a student from an old pureblooded family used a Dark Curse on a classmate in Defense Against the Dark Arts. A classmate, and then the professor. It was only because his family stepped in that he wasn't expelled straight off, but he wasn't allowed in Defense Against the Dark Arts ever again. "I will order more cauldrons," Albus said, frowning slightly. "And keep a hold on that paperwork, Minerva. I'd like to see if there is some way we could adjust things for these girls to help them…get used to the workload. It seems that they are nervous, and such extreme measures would shatter their confidence. Let us work through this slowly." "I am prepared to give them to the end of the year," Severus said, "or an irreversible incident. But at that point, Albus, I will be filing the paperwork as well. I suggest you think of cures for their incompetence quickly." Albus hummed, his eyes dark and concerned with Severus's ultimatum, but it wasn't an unreasonable time-frame. Especially in a course as dangerous as Potions, Lydia thought Severus was actually being rather generous, if these girls were truly so bad. "Now," Albus said, turning to Lydia, "does this Arithmancy club have a president in mind now that Alice Hardy has graduated? Mr. Bill Weasley has asked me to renew the club so they can begin meetings." "Ah, yes," Lydia said, smiling in spite of herself. "I was thinking Bill should run it. Mr. Weasley came up with the club in the first place, and I think it would be good, in these early years, for someone younger to build it up over time, give some continuity. He has the necessary leadership skills, and I have full confidence in him." "I will inform him that the club is being renewed," Albus said happily, "with him as the new president, on your recommendation. I am sure he will be pleased. Filius, you asked me to put dormitory damages on the agenda?" Filius cleared his throat and said, in a high-pitched squeak, "Yes, it would seem that several of the fourth year girls are…partiers." A few professors blinked at this, including Lydia. "I have yet to isolate the troublemakers, but they have caused considerable damage both to their dormitory and to the common room, and I was hoping you could keep your ears open for who we could assign the detentions to." Lydia pursed her lips, looking away from Severus and Albus, who were both looking at her. She knew the Ravenclaws very well, as Arithmancy teacher, and the students trusted her implicitly. As it happened, she was fairly certain the Oakfoot twins were to blame, but she wasn't about to rat them out. Merlin knows she had enough of her own party damage in her day. Well, not that she inflicted, but she was present and complicit for the damage in question. Usually it was Sirius and Artemis doing the inflicting. "We certainly shall," Albus said, deliberately, but Lydia continued to avoid his eye. "Now, I believe that is all for now, but please don't hesitate if you have problems or suggestions, especially given our…project." Professors began to leave, but Dalia put her hand on Lydia's arm. It felt strangely cool, but that didn't faze Lydia. Severus's were colder. "Lydia, I was wondering whether we might have tea sometime," Dalia said with her strange smile, her eyes just a bit too close together. "There are some things I wanted to show you, and I think you'll find them very interesting." Her first instinct was to say no, that she was far too busy. After all, Severus seemed to demand more and more of her time, and grading hadn't even begun to get busy. But then Lydia recalled how she had treated Irene, and how guilty she still felt about that, and she smiled at Dalia. "Sure, I'm free Wednesday afternoons and Friday afternoons." "Wednesday right after class, then," Dalia said, smiling once more. "I look forward to it." A/N: I probably won't write this particular tea party, but I may write others in future, depending on timing. Review Prompt: Will one of these Hufflepuffs get kicked out of a core class? Also, what do you think Dalia wants to show her? -C
Cold didn't begin to cover it. Lydia hadn't thought it would be so bad, sharing quarters with Severus. Yes, they were colder than hers, but most of the time that wasn't so troubling. She hadn't counted on December, however, and how bitterly cold every bit of the castle seemed over the holiday break. Christmas Eve found her curled up in a blanket in their bed, refusing to leave the blanket for anything, including food. Severus rolled his eyes at first, but it seemed that after several hours he was beginning to find her amusing. He sat down on the bed next to her. "I would offer you hot tea but you'd only wait until it would do no good before drinking," he said, obviously trying not to smirk at her. Lydia ignored him. "What if I ordered you soup, or something like that?" "M'not hungry." "You barely touched your dinner." "It's hard to eat when you're trying to keep blanket cover." "You could put on a sweater." "I'm already wearing two of them," she said, sniffing. "Am I sick?" He pressed a cold hand to her forehead, then turned her head so he could look in her eyes, which he did with his searching gaze. "No, you're just being unreasonable about the temperature. You are not ill." She wrinkled her nose and stuck out her tongue at him, but he was unimpressed. "Put your tongue back in your mouth, witch, unless you're offering it up." For a moment she was confused what he meant, and she did not withdraw her tongue. Because of this, he educated her quickly, leaning forward and gently nibbling on the end of her tongue. She tried to retract it in shock, but he didn't let go easily, using her reaction to kiss her, drawing her tongue deeper into his mouth. Had she not been so stunned, she might have laughed or tried to pull away. Instead, Lydia held perfectly still, uncertain what Severus was planning. She did try to protest when he began unwrapping the blankets around her, but he continued in spite of her whimpers, which he swallowed up in her mouth. Severus managed to surprise her again, because rather than removing the blankets completely, he unwrapped her enough to crawl inside with her and began to bundle them up together so that they were lying in bed, curled up together in a mass of blankets, with their heads on his pillow. She wrapped her arms around his waist and he slid his hands around her neck, pulling her closer in the kiss. For the first time all day she was starting to feel properly warm, and his legs wrapped around her legs, pulling her closer still. The only way for their bodies to get any closer would have been to strip off their clothes, and Lydia felt that warmth outweighed closeness in these circumstances. "Better?" he asked as he pressed his forehead to hers after finally parting their lips. "Hmm?" "Your sense of temperature. Are you warmer now?" "Yes," she said, resting her head on the pillow, watching his dark eyes in the candlelight. They just looked at each other for a long time, and Lydia realized he hardly ever blinked. His eyes never looked dry, but he barely blinked, or if he did he did it at exactly the same time as she did. "Did you put out the candles in the other room?" she muttered, leaning forward slightly to rest her head closer to his neck. "Yes." "The fireplace?" "The last embers might still be burning, but a house-elf will put them out when cleaning the grate." Lydia nodded, trying to think of something to say. There was something she was meant to be saying, but all she could think of was how wonderful Severus smelled. Eventually, she thought of it. "Aren't you going to be uncomfortable?" she asked. "Hmm?" "Your robes. You're still wearing your robes. You never sleep in this much clothing." He raised an eyebrow. "Is there a reason you're trying to get rid of me?" he asked, teasing as he brushed a finger along her cheek. Lydia smiled. "Never," she said, looking up at him, feeling comfortable for the first time all day. "I just can't imagine this is very comfortable for you." "It is of little consequence," he said, his voice rumbling against her chest. "The only thing I have wanted all day, Lydia, is to be close to you, but you wouldn't leave bed. So, by necessity, I am here, with you. We've eaten. There is nothing else we need unless you require the toilet in the middle of the night. I am not moving, not to change, not to sneeze." She wrinkled her nose at the thought of him sneezing in her face. "I can turn my head," he said, raising his eyebrow again and smirking. "I know," she said, smiling a little, snuggling forward to press her lips to his jaw. "Thank you." He just grunted, leaning his head down so that their lips met again and Lydia closed her eyes, feeling the kiss and his hands and the tiredness of warmth all wash over her as sleep threatened to claim her. They really ought to sleep like this more often, she thought, feeling his tongue slip into her mouth. She didn't fight it. She didn't do anything at all, just taking in sensation. He pulled away from the kiss, and she didn't do anything then either, her head shifting at the loss of his lips, but not by her power. "Lydia?" She hummed that she had heard him, but she didn't register that he was asking her to speak, to answer him that she was awake and willing to continue the kisses. Severus sighed, adjusting his legs around her and kissing the top of her left eyebrow with slightly chilly lips. "Sleep well," he said, and even more than hearing him she felt the rumble where their chests met. She vaguely thought she ought to say something in response, but sleep claimed her first. In the morning Lydia stretched, feeling strange. She shifted her legs, noting that the blankets that held her so tightly during the night were now loose around her, and Severus was not beside her. This was especially odd, because he almost never left the bed before her. She rolled over to look at the door to the bathroom, thinking perhaps he'd needed to use the toilet. "I'm down here," his voice said from somewhere near the foot of the bed. Lydia sat up, frowning when she saw Severus's head at the foot of the bed, tossing presents up onto the bed into two piles. "The house elves didn't separate them." "Right," she muttered, more to herself than to him. "Christmas." He snorted. "Don't tell me you'd forgotten." "You know I don't think just when waking," she whined. "Tell me I don't have too many." "One from Albus," he said. "Something from Minerva, something from your precious wolf," he said, spitting out the last two words like they were bitter on his tongue. At least this meant there would be no surprise visit from Remus. "That's all?" she said happily. "Excellent." "Not quite," he said, frowning with a few more in his hands. "We have…Pomona, Filius, and…Dalia, it seems." "Hmm," Lydia said, frowning. She set aside the one from Albus, knowing that it would have mead in it without bothering to open it. Severus set it next to his own bottle of mead on the bedside table. Then Lydia picked up the gift from Minerva, carefully unwrapping it. "Oh, thank Merlin," she sighed, holding up a box of chocolate cauldrons. "Nothing tartan this year." Severus snorted, his eyes glancing up at the chocolates before he turned back to his own meager gift stack. Filius gave her a fresh set of premium inks and Pomona gifted her a fresh tube of lipstick in her only shade – something she only wore on very special occasions, like staff parties. Lydia then opened the gift from Remus, with slightly shaking hands, knowing Severus was watching her out of the corner of his eye. The box inside held a Gryffindor scarf and a note reminding her that no matter how many Ravenclaws she taught she would always be a Gryffindor. Lydia laughed, feeling the warm wool and holding it to her face. It smelled of him. Severus must have noticed this as well, by the scowl on his face, and Lydia hesitated. It must have been an old one of Remus's from school, but how could she keep it in Severus's rooms, knowing that the scent of Remus would bother him so much? And how could she wash away that glorious scent? "I'll keep it in my quarters," Lydia said, smiling sadly, putting in the box for the moment. "I'll move it after the feast." Severus just grunted as she opened the box from Dalia, a little surprised she'd gotten a gift from the new teacher. She hadn't gotten her anything. The box was small, but inside was a small bracelet, with a crystal attached to it, clear in all but a small bit of red in the center. Lydia stared at the crystal, frowning slightly as the candlelight glinted off it. She'd seen this before… "What's that?" Severus asked, sitting on the bed beside her. Almost instantly Lydia smiled again, looking up at him. "Oh, it's a trinket, really," she said. "Dalia was showing it to me in her office….before." She frowned slightly, trying to remember when it was she'd seen this. She'd been to Dalia's office for tea several times now, almost…almost weekly. "Something she picked up in Eastern Europe. I guess I was more obvious than I realized in how much I liked it." Severus hummed, then offered to help her put it on. Lydia agreed, watching the stone as he put the bracelet on her wrist. It was a pretty thing, she thought, still not able to think of exactly when, or exactly how often she'd seen it. But then, she'd been to Dalia's office so many times. "I quite like her, actually." "I had noticed you'd been to her office a lot lately," Severus said, almost amused. "I find that surprising, considering I didn't think you would have much to talk about." "She's a very interesting person," Lydia said, turning the crystal around. "She's done all sorts of things, been all over. Why do you keep looking at me like that?" "Like what?" "Impatient." He leaned forward and kissed her, and the crystal fell from her hand and she kissed him back. She was slightly perturbed when he pulled away, but then he said, "My gift for you is in the other room." Lydia pulled out a small parcel, her gift for him, but he didn't ask for it as he led her into the next room where he had blankets laid out on the floor in front of the fireplace, and a bottle of mead with two glasses. "Bit early to drink, isn't it?" she teased, sitting on the blankets as he bade her, handing him the parcel. He exchanged it for a very small parcel he was holding. They both turned the boxes over in their hands before opening them, carefully pulling away the paper and lifting the lids off the boxes. Their jaws dropped at the same time. Somehow, they both gave each other the same gift. Severus tenderly lifted the vial out of the box she'd given him and he turned it over in his hands. He uncorked it to smell it. "Felix Felicis," he said, stunned. "You brewed this." "Yes," she admitted, "but I doubt it's as perfect as the one you brewed for me." "Still," he said. "You brewed it correctly. This is an incredibly difficult potion and…" He set it down, looking up at her with shining eyes. Then, in his most dangerous voice he said, "When were you in my lab without my permission?" She smiled nervously and said, "Who says I brewed it any time recently?" He opened his mouth, probably to tell her exactly how he knew exactly when she'd brewed it, but she, leaned forward and kissed him, taking the box from his hand and setting it aside with the bottle of mead. Severus did not struggle to break the kiss, but rather he leaned forward to begin shedding the sweaters she was wearing. It took more doing than usual, but Severus was a determined man, stripping her down until she was lying naked in front of the fireplace. She looked up at him with anticipation as he began to unbutton his robes, shrugging them off. She sat up slightly to help with his shirt, but h pressed her down again, giving her a stern look before slowly removing the rest of his clothes. Lydia tried not to smirk, but it was difficult. He was obviously a bit self-conscious about what he was doing, so she glanced at the fire briefly to regain her composure before looking back up at him, his glowing eyes, his strong hands removing the last of his clothes. "Hold still," he whispered, before bending over her, pressing his lips to her skin and placing kisses along it. She tensed when he reached the marks on her torso, so he paused there and kissed them over and over again until she relaxed once more. Then he lifted his head. "You are beautiful, Lydia," he said, almost sadly. "Every part of you." She closed her eyes, wishing she could believe that. She didn't think she was ugly, but she wasn't confident enough about her imperfections to consider herself beautiful. He put a finger under her chin, and she looked at him automatically, looked up at his dark eyes. "You are, Lydia," he said earnestly. "Those Marauders you value so much were more than a waste of space if they didn't tell you every day." He ran a finger gently down her nose. "It's more than these marks, isn't it? Tell me, tell me what's wrong." She sighed, sitting up, resting her hands on his shoulders for balance. "Do you think it was easy, being best friends with Lily growing up?" she said, a bit wryly. "And Artemis, she was too perfect as well. I'm sure you remember." "To be honest, I hardly recall Rutgers," he said dryly. "And as for Lily, well…. She was uncommonly beautiful. You shouldn't compare yourself to her." Lydia snorted, turning her head away to look at the fire. Severus gave her a moment before he put his fingers under her chin again, turning her face to his. His eyes were so…earnest, so…caring. She almost felt guilty, but she didn't know what for. "You're not Lily," he said sternly. "And I have never expected you to be. But never imagine, Lydia, that you are not beautiful simply because you look differently from Lily. It is rare that Lupin and Black and I would agree on something. We could hardly be wrong." The mention of Sirius made her feel slightly sick to her stomach and she remembered him showing her is scars for the first time to calm her nerves about his seeing her body. He had so many more before the end. Severus ran his fingers back through her hair, pulling her out of her thoughts, and she looked up at his eyes again. "So soft," he muttered, pressing his forehead to hers. "My hair?" she asked, surprised. She was due to condition it, and it had been feeling a bit brittle to her. He shook his head and said, "You." Before she could ask what he meant he was pressing her down onto the blankets again, kissing her and letting his fingers trace down between her legs. Lydia gasped into his mouth as he pressed two fingers inside of her, surprised that she was already so wet. She hadn't realized that she was particularly aroused, and yet his fingers slid in and out with ease. Once she began whimpering into his mouth, he pulled back from the kiss and slowly pulled his fingers out of her. Lydia was about to protest, or perhaps to beg, when Severus thrust into her. The sudden fullness caused her to gasp, but she looked up at him and saw that his eyes were snapped shut and his face was twisted as he groaned. "Fuck," he hissed. She actually smiled to herself, seeing him lose it like this. It was a rare sight, even in their most intimate moments. The smile was gone minutes later, however, when her face melted and her body turned to jelly and all she could do was pant and moan his name as he thrust in and out, her hips jolting to meet every thrust. "Say you think you're beautiful," he demanded. Lydia frowned, confused and dazed and just so bloody desperate, looked up at him. "Say it," he warned in his dangerous voice, "or I won't let you come." This was a shocking turn of events and Lydia wasn't really sure what he was going for, but she was just so desperate, and she knew he wouldn't bluff with her, even over something like this. "I…I'm beautiful," she muttered. "Louder," he growled. "I'm beautiful," she said. "Please, Severus, please." "You think you're beautiful?" "Yes, please," she moaned, thrashing desperately to regain the friction he had slowed. "Severus, please?" He hummed his acknowledgement as he increased his pace once more, driving her over the edge, putting a hand between them to rub her as she shrieked, something she rarely did. As her walls constricted around him she could feel him throbbing inside her, and as she was beginning to come down from her high, she felt him lose control, letting himself fill her as he panted and growled and placed a kiss on her collarbone. Coming back to his senses he kissed his way up her neck and said, "I think you look your best like that." A/N: Review Prompt: What do you think they're going to do with their Felix Felicis? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader/reviewer, Hidan's Lover! Thank you for the lovely review. I have to say, y'all have some fun thoughts when it came to those potions last chapter! You'll have to wait awhile to see what they actually do w/ them. ;) -C With any luck, Lydia told herself, she would be able to coax Remus back to her quarters. Either way she would have to sleep there. A whole night out with Remus, she wouldn't be able to see Severus again until she took a long, long shower, and she didn't want to wake him. New Year's Eve in Hogsmeade had proved to be a pleasant evening with Remus, something they hadn't spent together in years. They'd both avoided discussing past iterations of the holiday, her not wanting to recall seeing him kiss Artemis, him probably wanting not to think of the fist fight he got into with Sirius at the Potters'. As far as Lydia was concerned, this had always been their holiday. Sirius had taken so many others, but New Year's Eve was nearly always a night when she got time alone with Remus. And she fully planned to take advantage of that. "Nearly midnight," Remus said, glancing up at the clock on the wall. "C'mon, let's start walking you back. We can make it to the wall by midnight, celebrate it there." Lydia's heart pounded as she nodded. The idea of kissing him by the gate was a good one, and in her mind's eye she managed to coax him up to her quarters for one more drink, maybe a few more kisses, and if she played it right he might even stay the night, sex or no sex. They walked closely into the cold night air, Lydia pulling on her gloves hastily as the snow crunched beneath their feet. "This was fun," Remus said, smiling, looking up at the half moon. "We should do things like this more often. Are…are you sure you wouldn't rather have gone to your staff party?" She snorted and said, "And have Albus pushing champagne on me and listen to teachers talk about their problem students until Severus and I could sneak away for a cup of tea? No thank you." Of course, she would never tell Remus what would follow that cup of tea, but her skin did tingle a bit thinking about it. She wondered if she would be able to make it up to Severus, leaving him alone at the party. Perhaps she would get him a very large tea tin and beg forgiveness. "It's so easy to forget how cold Scotland is," Remus said with a nervous laugh as they neared the wall to the castle grounds. "It'll be nice when you get back, the warm castle." Lydia smiled to herself, thinking how much warmer she would be with Remus with her. They paused at the gate and he pulled out his watch for them to watch. It was nearly time for the countdown, and she held her breath. She could so easily recall the kiss they shared in Lily and James's sitting room, the way his breath tasted before the others walked in, the warmth of his lips. There was no one to interrupt them now. There was nothing at all but the wind. "Ten," he said, excited and breathless like she hadn't seen him since school. "Nine." She boldly took his wrist to turn the watch so she could see it better. He turned his whole body to adjust, moving closer to her. "Eight," he said. "Seven, six." It was all going too fast. It had been slower when she was young, she was sure of it. "Five, four, three, two, one." Lydia rolled forward onto the balls of her feet, a hand already on his neck, ready to pull him into a kiss. She was dizzied by how very…not herself she was being, but she was shocked when Remus put a finger on her lips to stop the kiss. "Please, don't," he said, his voice strained, his neck tight under her fingers. He wanted this. He wanted her to kiss him. So why was he stopping her? "Remus," she whispered, his finger still lingering on her lips, warm and soft and perfect. Why wouldn't he just kiss her? "It would be too easy," he said, taking her hand from his neck, "to let this happen, to tell myself that it's all because of good luck for the New Year, but we both know that would be a lie." She closed her eyes. She didn't care if he told himself those kinds of lies. As long as he kissed her. Lydia made to put her hand back on his neck, but his grip on her wrist tightened and he wouldn't let her move her arm any closer. "Please don't," he said again, pain in his voice. "Please, Lydia. Kissing you is a habit I need to break." With those words her arm went limp in his grip and she took a stumbling step back into the gate, looking up at his eyes, just a glimmer in the moonlight in his shadowed face. Was he feeling the kind of pain she was at those words? She wanted to beg him. If she begged he would change his mind, he would kiss her, he might even stay the night. She'd been bold all night. Surely she had the ability to beg. But before she could summon one last bit of courage from her limited reserves, Remus had taken several steps away from her and Disapparated without a word. She stood alone, staring at the place where he had vanished, wondering if perhaps she had imagined him leaving. But he was gone and the realization that he left her alone in the snow after pushing her away made the whole world spin uncomfortably. After she caught her breath, hard has that was, Lydia walked back up to the castle in the snow, more trudging than walking. As soon as she reached her quarters, the quarters she hadn't been to since setting them up, she pulled a bottle of firewhiskey out of the cabinet, turning it over in her hands as she sat on the sofa. Lydia pulled off her coat, a bit wet from the snow, and tossing it aside. She ripped off her gloves and kicked off her boots, and opened the bottle careful not to sniff it. The burn to her nostrils would have been awful. She'd had enough awful for one night. Bracing herself, she took several heavy, long gulps of the liquid. Lydia knew it wouldn't do her any good, drinking half the bottle of firewhiskey in one night, alone. It wouldn't make Remus change his mind. It wouldn't really make her feel any better. It wouldn't make waking or facing Severus any easier. She swore, caught her breath, and felt the warmth of the firewhiskey sinking into her belly before stripping out of her wet, hot clothes. She hadn't started a fire in her grate, but somehow she was burning up. She didn't bother rolling the socks off her feet, but everything else but her bra and knickers had to go. Another long draw of the firewhiskey and Lydia walked into her bed, laying down on it, hugging the bottle to her, aware that she'd spilled a bit on herself, on her sheets. They smelled of nothing. She half expected them to smell of Severus, forgetting that it was a very long time ago when he last came to her bed in this room. The sheets had been changed, possibly several times, since then. She hummed to herself wondering if he would come looking for her in the morning. Her throat felt tight and her eyes stung as she imagined him waking alone, worrying about her. Would he assume the worst and go looking for her outside the castle? Would he check here first? What would he say to find her like this, curled up in bed with a bottle of firewhiskey in hand? She pushed the bottle away, disgusted with herself. She didn't think it through before the bottle tumbled off the side of the bed, shattering, throwing firewhiskey everywhere. "Great," she muttered, rolling over to the center of the bed, shivering. "Now it looks even worse." Her eyes still stun with tears, and as much as she tried to blink them away, more formed. Naïve, she knew. She had been naïve to think that she'd manage to get Remus to come back to the castle, to fall into bed with her. He was a man of honor and chivalry, and he would have seen it as taking advantage of her, and he would never do that. What she never could have seen coming was not even being able to coax a kiss out of him. She sat up and crossed to the bathroom, lighting a candle to look at her reflection. Severus could call her beautiful all he wanted, she thought, but she was no longer sixteen, that was certain. Strange to think she wasn't yet thirty, when she felt so unbearably old. The weight she had put on since school had formed stretch marks on her stomach and thighs, silver on her skin, long and thick if you looked from the right angle. She had wrinkles, lines of age forming on her neck and around her eyes and lips. She had one across her forehead as well, from raising her eyebrows at those stupid boys for so many years no doubt. Lydia sank to the bathroom floor, unable to stand, unwilling to look at herself anymore. She'd never thought she was especially pretty or attractive, and she had always hated the marks on her body, but she had never been repulsed by her own reflection before. She hugged her knees to her chest and wondered how Severus could touch her. No wonder Remus pushed her away. Her body trembled as she closed her eyes tightly, but the sting of tears wouldn't go away. Her chest was tight and small and scrambling for air she couldn't gulp down fast enough no matter how deeply she breathed. She choked and spluttered, anything to hold in the sobs that were causing her whole body to convulse. She told herself over and over that she should pull herself off the bathroom floor, because Severus would find her in the morning. She couldn't let him see her like this, couldn't let him find the mess she'd made. What would he think of her? But Lydia couldn't find the strength to lift herself, so she sat on the bathroom floor until she cried herself to sleep. Her dreams were troubled, dark, full of memories of moments in her life she would much rather forget. Hands on her body woke her, and she lashed out, thrashed, muttering incoherent things about her body, and she opened her eyes to see Severus looking down at her. No pity, no disgust, no emotion at all in his eyes. How could he be so blank, looking down at her, taking in her most pathetic moments? "You didn't come back last night," he said. Even his voice was measured, free of emotion or judgment. But she knew him better. He was judging her, and he was angry with her, disgusted by her. He had to be. "I…I couldn't," she said vaguely, letting him pull her to her feet, supporting her weight as he started her shower. "I'm going to clean up the broken glass," he said. "Stay in here until I come to get you." Lydia nodded, holding on to the soap dish, standing in the shower, shivering in spite of the warm water. He was being too kind, too caring. Sooner or later he would speak what was really on his mind, would confront her about putting herself in these positions with Remus. She just closed her eyes and hoped, as she heard the door open again, that it would be some time before he dared mention it. Because she wasn't ready. For two weeks he said nothing, and term started as usual, although Lydia felt more subdued than she had been. Her students did not appear to notice any change in her, and she forced a smile for them. She went through her days sort of hollow, and when she ran into Dalia on her way back to Severus's quarters after a long day of classes Dalia said, "You look very tired, dear. Why don't you have a cup of tea, take a load off?" "Yes, that sounds nice," Lydia said, smiling, letting Dalia lead her into her office, watching the window blankly as Dalia poured tea, mixing sugar into both cups before setting one of them in front of Lydia. "Drink," she said. Lydia began to sip the scalding liquid in slow, steady, almost rhythmic sips. The sweetness was barely noticed as she drank the tea, her mind elsewhere. She didn't quite know where, but it wasn't on the tea. "The crystal looks lovely on you," Dalia said, glancing at Lydia's wrist. Lydia smiled, setting down her tea for a moment to admire the crystal. "Thank you, I quite love it," Lydia said. "It's very…pleasant." She didn't know where that word came from, but it sort of spilled off her tongue, the tongue that felt faintly numb from being burnt by tea. "Drink," Dalia said, and Lydia began to drink again. "Yes, I find the crystal makes me feel very peaceful." Lydia hummed around the rim of the teacup. "I get the feeling that you've been troubled lately, Lydia." Lydia nodded, thinking of Remus, thinking of how she and Severus had been not speaking about it, how things were bound to explode. She began to frown, but the frown faded as she continued to drink the sweet, hot tea. "You promised you come by once a week, so I thought something must really be troubling you if you were neglecting to visit me," Dalia said in her soft, low voice. "You feel better after we chat, don't you?" "Oh, yes," Lydia said eagerly, nearly spilling tea on herself to assure Dalia, her friend, that she did enjoy spending time with her, having tea with her. "That's good, dear," Dalia said, a smile not reaching her too-close eyes. "Perhaps we should meet more often. Would that help you to feel better?" Lydia frowned slightly. More time seemed impractical, and yet…. She did feel better after having tea with Dalia, her friend. "Do you think twice a week is often enough?" Lydia asked eagerly. Dalia smiled over her tea and said, "I think that is very good to start with. Now." She set down her tea, leaning forward across her desk. "Why don't you finish that tea? That's it, there's a good girl. Now, tell me what's on your mind. Let's help you clear it." Lydia unburdened herself on Dalia for nearly two hours, and Dalia listened, making Lydia a second cup of tea and having Lydia pause in her retelling long enough to drink more. Peaceful, that was how Lydia felt when she finally went back to Severus's quarters, where he was reading the latest Potions journals by the fireplace. He raised his eyebrows. "You took quite some time," he said. "Meeting with students?" "Tea with Dalia," she said, sitting down next to him, taking off her shoes and stretching out her toes. The firelight caught on the crystal and she smiled at it. "You've been seeing a lot of her." "She's my friend." "I never said she wasn't." "I feel better when I've seen her," Lydia said, allowing Severus to wrap an arm around her. He hummed, taking another drink of tea, setting the journal aside. "A long day, then?" he asked. "I wasn't aware your classes caused you any…stress." Lydia frowned, trying to remember what had been troubling her before she went to see Dalia. It hadn't been classes, had it? She thought it had to do with something else. With…with… New Year's Eve. The memory of Remus pushing her away, of crying on the bathroom floor, and the shame flitted over her consciousness for the briefest of moments, and then it was all gone again, and she felt peaceful once more. "No, no, my students are fine," she said cheerfully. "I've just been juggling so many things. You know how it is." "Perhaps you'd like to rest, then," he said, kissing the side of her face. "You don't have any grading to do?" Lydia shook her head. "Well, then, you could always take a nap." A nap sounded lovely, and she said so, walking to their bed, curling up in it, watching the crystal in the candlelight. Dalia was right. It looked nice on her wrist. Severus kissed the top of her head and left a cup of tea on the bedside table to cool, but she ignored it, letting her eyes slip shut, murmuring something that was probably thanks as she slipped into her nap almost too easily. She woke to Severus lying next to her, brushing a lock of hair off her face. "How long was I asleep?" she muttered, trying to sit up, but her body felt heavy. "Let's just say your tea's gone past tepid," he said dryly. "I hadn't realized you were so tired." "Neither had I," she admitted, accepting his help in sitting up. He rewarmed her tea to just the right temperature and she began to drink. Why had she been so tired? She also had the sense that she'd dreamed of something, something unfamiliar and yet a dream she was certain she'd had before, only she didn't remember when. She couldn't recall the dream. Only the tiniest of flashes of a gnarled old tree she was certain she'd never seen before. "Did you sleep peacefully?" he asked. "Yes," she said automatically, although as she sipped her tea, as Severus rested his head on the pillow beside her, she wondered if perhaps she hadn't slept peacefully at all. She really didn't know. A/N: So… Review Prompt: What do you all think of Dalia now? -C
As predicted, Severus's patience eventually wore out and he had to express his thoughts on what poor choices she'd been making. "I don't tell you what to do," Lydia argued, after he'd just told her he thought she should see Remus anymore. "I don't tell you who to see or not see. What gives you the right?" "I don't want to wake up wondering why you didn't come home," he said, his eyes flashing with fury. "I don't want to find you sprawled on your bathroom floor, drunk and reeking of firewhiskey. When have you ever found me in such situations?" Lydia shifted uncomfortably. She hadn't. Severus took care of himself a million times better than she would ever manage. But she knew that if roles were reversed, if Remus were dead and Lily was alive and spurning him, he would be the one playing the fool. She was not totally naïve. A growing part of her understood that what she was doing, allowing herself to believe she had a chance with Remus, was utterly foolish. A growing part of her realized that there was nothing changing between them after all these years, except that now the only stability she had from her old life was Severus. But she still wanted so desperately for that part to be wrong. "That's not the point," she said, more spluttering than saying. His eyes narrowed. "I have been very patient with this infatuation, Lydia," he said in a low voice. "More than a decade of this foolishness, back and forth, having to listen to you whine and then get your hopes up, and then pick up back up again when he inevitably pushes you away. You are not a child anymore. Stop acting like one!" She stumbled backwards as though he'd struck her. She distinctly recalled Severus saying, when they started this arrangement, that it wasn't going to be a relationship. He was still in love with Lily, and she was still in love with Remus, and she and Severus were friends. Just friends. Friends who happened to kiss, and then eventually have sex, and then eventually sleep in the same bed every night. Those kinds of friends. To hear him saying this now, it actually made her angry, but she wasn't sure if it was with him or with herself. She needed space, needed to think about what had happened to their arrangement, how they could have gotten here when he swore things wouldn't change, wouldn't become complicated. "Excuse me," she said, pushing to the bedroom to gather some of her things. Just for now. "Lydia, what are you doing?" "Going to my own quarters," she said firmly. "Lydia, you're not going anywhere." His voice sent a shiver down her spine, but she didn't listen to him, putting some things in her book bag. Just temporary, just space. "We need some time apart," she said, as calmly as she could manage, but he came up behind her and grabbed her upper arms. "Let go of me." "This is your answer, is it?" he said, much louder than she anticipated. "Things aren't comfortable so you run away." Lydia snorted. She wouldn't have stayed with Sirius so long if that were the case. "Take your hands off me, Sev." "You're not going anywhere, Lydia," he said harshly. "You are going to stay right here." "Stop shouting at me!" she shrieked, as he pulled her around to face him, and she was startled by the anger in his eyes. She took a stumbling step backwards, falling onto the bed, looking up at him, feeling fear in the pit of her stomach. When she scrambled away from him on the bed he dropped the hand he was raising, and she wondered for a moment if he'd been about to strike her. Judging but the look on his face, he was wondering the same thing. "Lydia," he said, his usually smooth voice raspy. "I…I never meant…. Only don't leave." He sat on the bed but did not move closer to her. "We don't need time apart. We could stand to talk more, but I don't want…. Tell me waking up alone would fix anything." He had a point, she realized. She pulled her knees to her chest and looked up at him feeling small. "I wasn't trying to…to upset you," he said gently. "But this is going on too long, Lydia." "Do you think I don't know that?" she said, frowning at him defiantly. "Do you think that every time I start to hope, I don't have a voice in the back of my head telling me that it's only a matter of time before it crashes down? D'you think I don't feel like such a complete fool every time he pushes me away?" Severus's eyes were filled with such pity and Lydia hated it. "I need to be alone for a bit," she finally said. "I know, we're not done talking about this, but I just need some time by myself. I'm quite tired." He said he'd give her some quiet, kissing her cheek before leaving her alone in the bedroom, still hugging her knees to her chest. She closed her eyes, taking deep breaths through her nose, wondering if perhaps she was doing the wrong thing, staying. Space would do them good, she told herself, like the thoughts were coming into her head from outside, in someone else's voice. She should spend some time apart from Severus. But she pulled his pillow to her knees and breathed it in, smiling to herself. As much as it might be healthy for her to take some time alone, she didn't want time apart from Severus. She didn't want to go back to taking care of herself all the time, to sleeping alone. He was right, waking up without him wouldn't solve anything. And as long as he promised to be respectful and she promised not to scare him like that again…. Although they'd yet to make such promises. But they would, she had no doubt. She was shocked by a knock on the bedroom door, thinking Severus had only just left, but when she glanced at the clock she saw he'd left her alone for nearly half an hour. Where had the time gone? "Lydia, I've ordered dinner to be brought here. It'll go cold if you don't come out." For a moment Lydia said nothing, putting his pillow back, stretching out her legs. "Are you sleeping?" he asked, and she saw the doorknob shift as he put his hand on it. "No, I'll be right there," she said, standing. "I'm coming." Lydia opened the door to find that Severus had Transfigured some of their furniture into a proper little dining room table with two chairs, and on it was dinner, roast leg of lamb with roasted potatoes and a salad. Severus poured a glass of mead as she entered, and he waved his hand to light the candles. Her lips twitched as she sat. She would never expect him to pull out her chair for her. It was too much a Gryffindor thing to do. "What's all this, then?" she asked. "Is this meant to be some kind of…reconciliation?" "Hardly," he said dryly. "I do not grovel, Lydia. No, here." He passed her the potatoes, which she accepted and began dishing onto her plate. "Happy Valentine's Day." She blinked, startled. Was it really? His lips twitched and he said, "I had suspected you forgot. Well, I didn't purchase anything, so don't feel that you need to turn around and purchase something." Lydia still felt slightly embarrassed, but she nodded, dishing up some lamb before taking a sip of the mead. "You're not drinking any," she said after a few minutes of silent eating, frowning at his glass of water. His eyes flashed and he looked down at his plate. "I thought it wise, after our…altercation, to abstain, for the night, anyway." She knew he felt guilty for frightening her, for almost hitting her, although she suspected he would never actually strike her no matter how angry he was. Seeing her fear, seeing her shrink away from him always recalled him to his senses again, and his hand always dropped. "Sev, it was really nothing." "Perhaps it looked like nothing from where you were sitting," he said coolly, "but I assure you, it is not nothing to me." Lydia didn't know what to say to that, so she nodded, looking back down at her food as she ate until he slipped his hand into her free hand a few minutes later. She smiled up at him and he squeezed her hand. She'd known for years that he was afraid he'd lose her, but…she hadn't realized just how deep that fear ran. Perhaps it was losing Lily, losing everything else, that made him this attached. Lydia realized it wasn't just the sex. It was her, he needed her. Like she needed his support. Setting down her fork, she took his hand in both of hers and gently squeezed. He did not smile. She didn't expect him to, but he watched her with very intense eyes. "I'm not going anywhere," she said firmly. "No more threats to move out?" he said, is voice gentle and smooth again. Lydia shook her head. They would still fight, she was certain. But she would stay. This seemed to relax him, to make him realize that she wasn't, actually, afraid of him. She could have said it out loud a million times, but with her previous threats of leaving, of space still hanging on the air those words would have meant nothing. They finished their meal in relatively silence, still holding hands, and when they were done with their food, Lydia took her half-finished glass of mead and led Severus to the sofa, curling up against him, letting him wrap his arms around her. "I don't feel I see enough of you," he finally said as they watched the fire. "You see me every day." "Not the same." She hummed. She did seem to have less time than usual, even when she wasn't seeing Remus. Perhaps she had more grading to do or something. She couldn't fathom where her time was all going. "I'll see what I can do about that," she said, smiling. "I guess I do have a social life this year, and what with grading, and the paper I'm doing…" She took a drink of her mead and he said, "How is that paper going, by the way?" Lydia shrugged, resting her head on his collarbone. "It could be going worse," she admitted. "It's frustrating, because I know what I'm doing works, but proving it in a way that is at the standards of the academic community is virtually impossible. I may have to change a few things." "You'll figure it out," he said, his fingers tracing through her hair lazily. "You always do." "Not always," she muttered, more to herself than to him, frowning as she thought of the calculations she'd done on the war, the ones lost in Sirius's first house. She would never know what she'd gotten so wrong about them, what she hadn't accounted for. But the war had ended, obviously. Severus began to kiss the back of her jaw, where it met her neck and led right up to her ear. Lydia smiled to herself, finishing her mead as his lips explored that patch of skin. She set the empty cup on the side table and sighed when he nibbled on to the skin gently, shifting his hold on her for a better angle as he continued to kiss and suck. "I'll have to wear my hair down," she teased. "Can't have the students thinking you're actually a vampire, now, can we?" He hummed in response, whatever that meant, continuing his attentions to her skin, and Lydia's fingers began to lace through his hair. She was trying to think of something else to say or do, but thinking was suddenly very difficult. A tapping on the window jolted her back to her senses, but Severus was ignoring it, holding her tightly to him. She turned to look and saw an owl tapping its beak on the window. "Severus, it's mail," she said, trying to break free. "I'll get it," he grumbled, kissing her cheek one last time before setting her back on the sofa and getting the letter. "What is it?" she asked, stretching her legs in front of her, feeling the heat from the fire on the bottom of her feet. She was surprised when he ripped open the letter and her head whipped around to see his face cold with fury. "Sev?" she asked, feeling slightly smaller. "Well, now," he said, frowning down at the letter. "It seems Lupin feels he can just apologize. 'Lydia,'" he read, "'Please allow me to say how sorry I am for my behavior. It was presumptuous of me to conclude that your intentions could be anything other than a holiday tradition.' Is he always this daft, Lydia? 'I was cruel, and I believe that I probably ruined your holiday, and I most sincerely apologize.' Well, he's about a month and a half late on that, isn't he?" "Severus," she said, feeling a blush in her cheeks. It wasn't really acceptable for him to open her mail, not that he cared. "Please." "Let me see… 'The last thing I would wish is to insult you or lose your friendship. Please forgive me for my behavior.' And then he just signs his name. What, no sincerelys or yourses or things that signify affection?" Lydia didn't know what to say. She felt mildly embarrassed, wondering what she could possibly write to Remus, knowing Severus's words would be in her mind with every word she wrote. She turned to look at him again, but before she could say or do anything, he had thrown the letter with a look of pure, vitriolic hatred onto the fire, and she actually gasped, making a noise of protest. Severus grabbed her arm to keep her from reaching in after it, and she was momentarily grateful that he had. She wasn't thinking, she would have burned her hand quite badly. But the parchment curled as it turned to ashes, the ink forming the words melting and bubbling as the parchment heated. She felt dizzy, sick, and overwhelmed with a wave of anger. "You didn't have to do that," she said coldly, as he held her still, back away from the fireplace. "One day you'll thank me." She doubted that very much. If someday she ever did manage to get over Remus, she couldn't fathom that she would ever be grateful for his treating her like a child. That was her letter, hers to read and make decisions about. He had no right to read it, much less destroy it. "Come to bed," he said, almost like an order. "I'm staying out here for a while," she said. "Lydia—" She turned to look at him, and she was surprised with her own anger. He seemed taken aback as well. "I am not a child, Severus, and you do not own me. I will come to bed when I am ready to come to bed and not a minute before." He hesitated, and she knew he wanted to argue, to convince her to come with him, but he was not foolish. Lydia rarely became so angry, and after her earlier threats to leave he seemed to be a bit more cautious about handling her. Severus let go of her, walking into the bedroom, watching her the whole way. The moment the door closed she began to pace furiously. She could hardly understand why she was so agitated. Yes, Severus had crossed a line, but it was Severus. He did that all the time. Why should she be surprised that he didn't care about her privacy, or that he was angry enough at Remus to take matters into his own hands by burning the letter? He would have done it at sixteen, so why would she expect him not to now? She gripped the back of the chair, feeling her heart racing, hearing her pulse in her ears, feeling it in the base of her mouth. She had this powerful urge to leave, but she couldn't figure out where she wanted to go. It wasn't her own quarters, she had this sensation like she needed fresh air, like she wanted to go out onto the grounds. The taste of sweet, hot tea was in her mouth and she shook her head. Perhaps she was going mad. She had the strangest urge to go into the forest, and she'd never wanted to go to the forest, not even out of curiosity as a child. Lydia shivered, feeling a strange and powerful sensation of dread that she hadn't felt since Albus came to tell her about Lily and James. The feeling she had just before she saw Mary's body. The sensation she felt as she crept down the stairs after Severus to see what had happened, just before she saw her parents sprawled on the ground. She blinked back tears, the world seeming to spin around her as conflicting emotions she didn't understand swirled through her. She hurried into the bedroom, knowing that Severus would be there, and that somehow that would make things better. He sat up when the door burst open. She hadn't noticed her hands were trembling until he scrambled to his feet to help her to the bed, kissing her hands. "What's wrong?" he asked. "I…I don't know," she admitted. "I just feel…. I feel…. I…." She didn't know the word, couldn't think of a way to express the horrible mixture of emotions, but he held her as she sobbed and twitched and trembled. He spoke the same gentle, comforting words he had after they buried her parents. Lydia wanted to believe, wanted to feel like everything was fine, but a sensation deep in the pit of her stomach told her that nothing was fine. A/N: So…. :D This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer Dany Chezhire! Hope you enjoyed the chapter, and picked up a few more clues. ;) Review Prompt: If you were having a romantic dinner with Severus, what would be on the table? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer s8xyvriska! Thanks for the review on the chapter before last, and I hope you continue to enjoy the story! -C To say that she'd forgiven him would have been a bit strong. She was still angry at what he'd done about Remus's letter, but she was more thankful for how he'd treated her when she was overcome with panic that she hadn't brought up the issue again. Severus was watching her closely, but so far she hadn't seemed to give him any cause for alarm. She'd started having tea with Dalia three times a week after she told Dalia about her brief bout of distress, and Dalia suggested that she might feel more peaceful if they saw each other more. Dalia was right, of course. Dalia was always right. Severus seemed relieved that whatever had caused the episode, it wasn't his fault, and he was being especially gentle with her especially tender. They were cuddling on the sofa after a long day of classes. He'd just finished relating how only three cauldrons melted in the Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw double Potions class that morning instead of five, when Lydia kissed him. She didn't know why she kissed him, just felt the urge to do so. He didn't seem to mind, pulling her closer, and she could taste the tea on his lips. Severus hadn't had a drop to drink since their fight on Valentine's Day. Lydia thought he was being unreasonable about it. She knew he wasn't his father, but he insisted that he was not going to tempt himself. Lydia really wasn't sure why she didn't feel more understanding about the whole thing, but she tried. After all, becoming her mother was one of her greatest fears. She couldn't really blame Severus for being afraid of turning into his father. Severus's hands snaked up into her hair, pulling her gently away from his lips. "You're thinking of other things," he said, his voice almost like a warning. "Is kissing me so dull that you must think of other things?" "Sorry," she said, sighing. "I've been having a hard time holding the moment lately. Maybe I need more sleep." His brows contracted with concern and he said, "Lydia, you've been sleeping an awful lot lately." So she had. She hadn't realized until he said it, but she'd been sleeping twice as long, especially after seeing Dalia. "I guess maybe I'm just not getting good sleep," she said thoughtfully, her fingers tracing the contours of his face. "But that doesn't matter right now." She smiled at him a little and his face softened, the concern melting slightly as he leaned in to kiss her once more. Lydia gave in to the kiss, to the feeling of his fingers curling in her hair as their lips met and danced. She was straddling his lap now, although she hardly remembered how she got there. She mustn't worry Severus. Lydia had no idea where that thought came from, but it was true. There was no need to worry Severus over things that were nothing. That was what she had Dalia for, a friend to unburden herself on, a friend to share complications and troubles with who could make her feel better, so that Severus didn't need to worry. Lydia closed her eyes as Severus kissed down her neck. She sighed at the familiar, pleasant sensation of his cool lips on her skin. He had class soon, she knew. They were just taking their lunch break together, since she wasn't going to be seeing him for the rest of the day. She had papers to grade while he worked, and he was off to gather ingredients as soon as classes ended, since he had to make a special deal with some apothecaries in Ireland, and Albus and Severus supposed he wouldn't be back until late that night. As such, Lydia made plans with Remus. It was better for everyone this way. Remembering what he'd said about her mind not being in the present, Lydia tried to focus her thoughts on the way his hands were moving higher up her torso under her blouse, trembling slightly as they reached her breasts. He squeezed through the fabric of her bra. Lydia moaned, squeezing her legs around his legs involuntarily. She didn't want to let him go to classes, but she knew he would have to leave soon. He protested as she pulled away from him, combing her fingers through her hair as she stood. "It's nearly time," she said sheepishly. "You can't be late for your students. They'll wonder…." "I doubt that very much," he said, smiling slyly as he stood. "I doubt any of those dunderheads would put two and two together. What reason do they have to suspect?" "Well, we do spend a lot of time together," she said, feeling slightly dizzy as he kissed her jaw again. "Sev, you have to go." He growled against her skin, obviously frustrated as she tried to push him away. "Fine," he said, frowning at her. "I'll be back tonight. Around ten, I expect." "I'll be here," she promised. And she fully planned to, freshly showered and ready for bed with her grading all caught up. No reason to worry him. She mustn't worry Severus. The thought felt like it was echoing in her brain as he adjusted his robes, kissed her cheek once more, and stalked out of their quarters. Lydia watched him leave before gathering her things and going to her office. She wasn't going to get any work done here. That thought, too, seemed to echo strangely in her head, and she wasn't entirely certain where it came from. After all, she'd never had trouble working in their quarters before. But she felt the need to go to her office, so she made the trek, setting up the essays and reading through them, eager to get her work done so she could have more time with Severus. She pulled Cayley Barbery's essay toward her and began to read. Lydia only managed to get through a handful of essays when there was a knock on her office door. She glanced at the time. It could theoretically be a student, but most of them would be going back to their dormitories now. "C'min," Lydia said, setting he quill down and watching the door with interest. Dalia entered, smiling her strange smile, her too-close eyes blinking at Lydia. "Were we supposed to meet today?" Lydia asked, a bit confused. She was sure she'd seen Dalia three times this week already. Not that she wasn't happy to see her, but she had these papers to grade. "I thought, given the troubles you've been having sleeping, that four times a week might be better," Dalia said gently, making tea without invitation. Lydia nodded absently. She had been having troubles sleeping, hadn't she? And she mustn't worry Severus. "Well, I have these papers to grade," Lydia said weakly. "And this evening I'm going out." "Plenty of time for these later," Dalia said. "Isn't there?" Lydia supposed that was true. She couldn't recall why she'd wanted so badly to get them done now, anyway. Plenty of time. "And we'll be done here before you go to see Remus," Dalia said with a smile, handing Lydia the fresh cup of tea. "Drink." Lydia did so without hesitation, taking slow, steady, regular sips of the scalding, sweet tea. She didn't notice the burn on her tongue, the way a bit of skin was blistering on the roof of her mouth. She kept drinking. "No, I know you probably don't have anything new to tell me," Dalia said, pulling the second chair around to Lydia's side of the desk, resting her hand on Lydia's arm, playing with the crystal at her wrist. "But I thought you would enjoy hearing stories of my travels. I thought it might relax you." Lydia agreed. It would be relaxing, and Dalia had been so many places, done so many things. "Would you like that?" Dalia asked. Lydia took the cup from her lips and said, "Oh, yes I would." She barely noticed the eagerness in her voice. "Drink," Dalia said, and Lydia picked up the pace again of drinking the tea in a steady rhythm as Dalia traced shapes on Lydia's arm with her fingernails while speaking. Lydia found that between the tea (which Dalia made her three cups of) and the glimmering of the crystal, and the patterns on her arm, and the sweet, smooth sounds of Dalia's voice that she quite lost track of everything. She couldn't keep hold on what Dalia was saying, and lost all sense of time and place for what seemed like both the blink of an eye and the whole of a day. When she began to feel a bit more aware, after finishing the third cup of tea, Dalia was giving Lydia advice on how to deal with the stresses in her life. "You mustn't worry Remus," Dalia was saying. This was true. There was no need to worry Remus with the details of her life. He had too much on his plate already. No sense in making him worried when Dalia was helping Lydia with everything she needed. Lydia hummed in response, leaning her head back against the back of her chair, feeling it loll to the side slightly. But it didn't matter. She could see the crystal better this way, the way the candlelight caught it. "You dreamed of the forest again, didn't you?" "Yes," Lydia said. She'd been dreaming of the forest every night for weeks, and she always had this powerful, growing urge to go there. Even Dalia mentioning it, Lydia could almost see the edge of the trees in her mind's eye, could feel the pull. "It's nothing to be concerned about," Dalia said gently. "Curiosity is perfectly natural." "Perfectly natural," Lydia muttered. The words felt right in her mouth. Of course she was curious about the forest. She'd never been. She'd spent years, more than a decade with it right there, and she'd never once been. Naturally she would be interested in it. "There's no need to be afraid." Lydia hummed again. Her fear was already far away, but now she could feel it melting from her, replaced with calm and peace. "We will see each other four times a week," Dalia said firmly, "but if you begin to feel anxiety, do not hesitate to seek me out. It is important that you feel calm." Lydia hummed. "And you mustn't worry Severus." No, he certainly had enough to worry about. After all, there was nothing really wrong. Her dreams weren't troubling, they were perfectly natural. Why wouldn't she feel drawn to the forest? After all, it had been right there, all along. Perfectly natural. Dalia said it was time for her to go, time for Lydia to go and see Remus. For a moment Lydia felt a flash of anxiety and she wanted Dalia to stay, but it passed quickly. She smiled. After all, it wouldn't do to be late. She mustn't worry Remus. "Thank you for telling me stories, Dalia," Lydia said as the other witch stood to go. Lydia stood with her, feeling her legs week beneath her, but she hardly noticed. Dalia brushed a bit of Lydia's hair off her face and gave her a tender smile, like a mother looking at her child. "I don't know how I'll ever repay you for all the help you've given me this year." Dalia gave her a cryptic smile that made Lydia pleased, peaceful, and she said, "I'm sure you'll think of a way." She left before Lydia could express any further her gratitude, and Lydia realized she had to get ready to go see Remus. She frowned slightly at the essays she'd not finished grading before scooping them up carefully and putting them back in her bag. She freshened up quickly, pulling on a cloak before hurrying out of the castle, down to Hogsmeade. She felt a strange pull from the forest as she passed. But it was natural. Perfectly natural to be curious. She almost wanted to take a look in it, see if she could find that tree she'd been dreaming of, but she remembered that Remus was likely waiting for her in Hogsmeade, and she mustn't worry Remus. She could always look another time. The forest would be there, as it always had been. Remus was, in fact, waiting for her at the Three Broomsticks, smiling and waving her over to the table. "I wasn't sure what you'd want," he said nervously. "Don't be silly, Remus," she said, taking off her cloak as he made to stand. "I'll get the drinks. Don't worry about it." Mustn't worry Remus. She got a firewhiskey for Remus and a mead for herself, sitting down with him, smiling as she always would, her mind still on the forest. She wondered how deep in that tree would be. "How have you been, Lydia?" "Fine," she said, still smiling. "Busy, you know, but fine. Lot's to do, as always." "You are taking time for yourself, though, right?" he said, a bit nervously as she took a sip of her drink. "Of course," she assured him. "I've been spending time with Severus, and the new Defense professor, Dalia. She's very nice, we have tea regularly." "Well, that's good," he said, his face twitching slightly. "You…you just looked very tired, and when you said you were busy I was worried you weren't giving yourself much rest." She smiled shaking her head. "It's really nothing, Remus, I'm fine," she assured him. "Don't worry about me. I'm not losing myself in my work. So, what have you been up to?" At least partially assuaged that she was taking care of herself, Remus began to tell her the latest news in his life, not that there was much of it. Lydia smiled and nodded and even spoke appropriately, eager to make certain that he was thinking of himself and not of her. He had enough to worry about in his own life, and she wanted him to understand that she was perfectly fine. "So tell me about how the Arithmancy club is doing," he said, teasing. "Bill Weasley still making you look good?" Lydia brightened. She had forgotten all about the club, strangely, until he mentioned it, and it was usually one of the first things they discussed. "Bill is doing wonderfully, yes," Lydia said eagerly. "And he's getting a lot of help from one of his closest friends, Doran Moses. We didn't have a Moses in our year, but there was one about five years ahead of us, do you remember?" Remus nodded thoughtfully. "I don't remember his name," he said slowly. "But he married a Ravenclaw." "So did his older brother," she said, slightly teasing. "A very bright family, and obviously they were smart enough to marry bright women." "You know it's a myth that everyone in Ravenclaw is intelligent, Lydia," he said, smiling at her. "Remember that idiot Missy dated sixth year?" "Oh, I know," Lydia said, smiling, recalling her own students. "I know a few less-than-clever Ravenclaws. I teach them. Let me tell you, they don't always get things right away. They do enjoy learning, though." He hummed, his eyes far away and happy and she wondered what he was thinking of. For one brief panicked moment she thought he might be thinking of the time he kissed Missy, but then he looked right at her and said, "I always liked studying with you and Lily. Well, not always with Lily because sometimes she got to be a bit much." Lydia nodded in agreement. "But we had the best spot in the library after O.W.L.s, those cozy chairs instead of the benches. I miss the Hogwarts library. So many books." Lydia remembered the spot perfectly, although she'd refrained from using it as a professor. When students were there she liked to leave it for them, and over Christmas and Easter it felt wrong, felt lonely. It was too easy to remember those study sessions with Lily and Remus, hours with no sound but breathing and the turning of pages, with occasional shared smiles over the top of books. Remus and Lydia had two drinks each, reminiscing and talking, but nothing more. Lydia wasn't even bothered by this, just happy that Remus was happy when they said goodbye. She felt that curiosity, that pull of the forest once more on her way back to the castle, but she remembered that it was late and she still had to shower and change before Severus returned from Ireland. She mustn't worry Severus. There would be other times, she told herself as she walked away from the forest, up the pathway to the castle. Severus's quarters felt colder than usual, but Lydia supposed it was simply because she was tired. She often felt colder when tired. She took a nice long, warm shower, standing under the water, feeling contented for reasons she couldn't explain. She supposed it hardly mattered, as long as she felt good. After a while she could see the pads of her fingers starting to wrinkle from the length of the shower and she decided it was time to get out. She dried her hair and changed for bed, going straight to their bed and curling up on her side. Lydia pulled Severus's pillow closer and breathed in the smell of him deeply, eyes lazily shut. She was overcome by a sudden wave of emotion and her eyes snapped open. Something felt wrong, terribly wrong, but she couldn't place it, and the feeling was gone as soon as it came. She shivered, lighting the candle beside her and deciding she would leave it on until Severus came back. It was probably nothing, another relapse of the wave of guilt and terror that had troubled her after Irene's death. But there was no harm keeping a candle lit. Just in case it was something else. A/N: One of you is actually quite close to figuring out what's up with Dalia… I won't tell you which one. ;) Also, momoli had easily the best dinner plans last chapter. Review Prompt: What are your thoughts on hypnosis, generally? And also, what are your thoughts on hypnosis and Lydia? :D -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer 20! Your speculations on Dalia have been most entertaining, and I actually sort of love that you meow in every review. Thanks again! -C Lydia felt most herself in moments like these, Severus buried deep inside her, his lips devouring her lips as she pressed her head against the shower wall to get more stability. The more often they shared a shower the less often they seemed to come away with injury, but they still kept it to weekends, just in case. She could feel the friction building up a climax inside of her and she gasped, gripping at his shoulders so tightly she could feel her nails digging to his skin. If he minded or even noticed he made no sign of it. He was groaning into her mouth, thrusting deep inside of her, pounding in desperation for release. Hers came first, and she felt her walls clenching tight around him, felt her whole body come undone, her feet cramping as her toes curled where her legs wrapped around his waist. Her nails sank into his skin deep, but not quite deep enough to draw blood. She gasped his name, pulling out of the kiss. He growled out her name as he continued to thrust, his voice breaking entirely as he lost control, coming inside of her, almost collapsing from the release. Thankfully, he caught his balance before they fell, causing another set of shower-related injuries. On shaky legs, the two separated and rinsed off their bodies before leaving the shower. Severus wrapped Lydia up in a towel and kissed her forehead. "That was nice," she sighed, waiting for him to wrap up in his own towel before she rested her head on his chest. She was exhausted again but she didn't want to say so. She mustn't worry Severus. "C'mon," he said gently, leading her out of the bathroom, curling up in bed with her. She had a brief thought that surely there was something they needed to be doing. He likely had potions to work on, and she certainly had grading to do. She felt like she always had grading to do, anymore. Lydia did not protest, however. She liked the feeling of the bed, the way it supported her perfectly and indulged her sleepiness. She like it even better with Severus beside her, arms wrapped around her waist, holding her close but not quite tight as she rested her forehead on his chest. "You smell nice," she muttered. Severus snorted in response and said, "I'll keep in mind that you prefer my soap to potion ingredients. Not that I wouldn't have guessed." She looked up at him, mildly alarmed and said, "No, I mean…generally. You smell nice usually. I like the smell of the ingredients and you. It makes me feel…" She felt her voice trailing away without reason as she lost the word she seemed to grasp so firmly only a moment ago. Lydia frowned to herself, feeling very distinctly that something was wrong but she couldn't place why. "Lydia," he said, his dark eyes flooded with concern as she looked up at them, "how does it make you feel?" Lydia blinked, vaguely disoriented as she tried to remember…something…. "Peaceful," she said with smile. That wasn't it, not the word, but although he didn't look completely relieved he did lean down to kiss her. Her concerns melted away with the kiss, and she felt herself shiver slightly in the towel for reasons having absolutely nothing to do with cold. Severus must have thought otherwise because he summoned a nearby extra blanket to cover their bodies as he continued to kiss her. With Severus, Lydia found it almost too easy to get lost in the moment, and she forgot everything that they'd said between the shower and the increasingly hungry kisses they were sharing. She felt unusual boldness as the kisses progressed and his hands at her waist shifted the towel so much that it came untucked, falling limp and useless around her body. Lydia wiggled out of it, carefully untucking the towel around Severus's body before straddling him. He sat up to continue kissing her, and she felt his body tense as she situated herself, feeling him hardening with every accidental brush. Her fingers rested on his shoulders again, and she could still feel the indents she'd left with her nails during her last climax. She was certain the area must be tender, but Severus did not show signs of noticing if it was tender as she touched it, at first gently, then with increasing pressure as she ground against him slightly, feeling this simple act cause a jolt through her body. Severus must have felt something similar, because his hands, which had wrapped around her body, were holding her tighter now. Yes, easy to lose her train of thought like this, easy to simply be lost in sensation as she adjusted herself, taking him inside of her, watching the way his face changed as she began to move, up and down, feeling a remarkable sense of control that she felt had been missing in her life lately, although she didn't bother wondering why. She just enjoyed how this felt, to be with him, to watch him coming undone beneath her. Lydia picked up the pace, knowing they were both close. This time, unusually, he came first, gripping at her thighs so hard she was sure it would bruise as he came undone inside of her once more. Her head rolled back as she felt the wave of climax came over her. Lydia barely noticed the way she cried out his name as she lost control, the way her body went weak as she felt all energy leaving her. Severus was already exhausted, but he caught her as she began to slump, and he looked deep into her eyes, asking her questions she felt she didn't properly hear. "Lydia," he said gently, rolling them onto their side and saying more things she didn't understand or even really hear. Severus did not break eye contact with her and she felt suddenly like she was being pulled through the last few week, classes and nightmares and drinks with Remus, and…. As suddenly as the sensation began it was over and Severus was no longer holding her, but sitting up and turned away from her, his shoulders stiff as she frowned at his back, confused. "Sev," she said, her head dizzy and unsettled, "I feel strange." "Is this what you've been keeping from me?" he said softly. "What?" "You've seen the wolf again, Lydia. Is this your big secret, that you've been seeing him?" Lydia felt very confused. Big secret? And Remus, they were talking about Remus. She remembered her last meeting with him, drinks, completely innocent. She hadn't even tried to make it into something else, she'd been preoccupied. She'd been thinking of the forest. Her eyes closed and she said, "I don't know what you're talking about, Severus." "Do you deny meeting up with the wolf?" "No," she said. "You were out, so it wouldn't take away from time we might spend together. We had drinks. I came home. It was never a secret, I just didn't feel the need to tell you about it. I assume you wouldn't want me to." He stiffened and Lydia tried to push herself up to sitting, but she found she didn't have the strength yet. "There is something you aren't telling me, Lydia," he said softly. "You sleep all the time, and yet you look more tired with each passing day. You spend hours every day in your office, and yet your grading doesn't appear to move very quickly for it." He turned and frowned at her. "You've even started to put sugar in your tea," he said slowly, suspiciously, as though this were the greatest accusation of all. Lydia shook her head slightly and said, "I'm not allowed to take sugar in my tea?" "That isn't what I mean," he said. Lydia felt strangely dizzy, like she might collapse except that she was already on the bed. Severus was speaking, but she heard nothing but a rushing in her ears as the room began to spin. Severus was worried and she wasn't supposed to worry him. She had to fix this, but she wasn't sure how. In a moment of panic she found her strength, sitting up and kissing him gently. At first Severus did not respond to the kiss, obviously trying to keep on his train of thought. He was good at that, difficult to pull off task with kisses, but after a string of kisses pressed to his lips, Severus began to kiss her back, and his hand crept up to her cheek, holding her face close to his. She pulled away from his lips after a moment and said, "I don't want you worrying about me, Sev. I suppose I could do with managing my time a little better, but you can't tell me you're perfect at that." He sighed, brushing his thumb against her cheek. "You can't keep me from worrying about you," he said sternly. "No, Lydia. I have that right. Don't forget, you worry about me as well. I have always worried about you, and I imagine I always will." For another brief moment Lydia felt that strange dizziness, and a sensation of mild panic. It passed quickly, so quickly that it seemed Severus hadn't noticed, and he helped her back to the pillow gently, brushing a bit of hair out of her eyes. "It's drying poorly, isn't it?" she muttered, frowning as she felt tiredness hitting her again. "It looks fine," he said earnestly. If she had been more herself she would have noticed him taking her pulse, watching her irises, checking her nails for changes in texture. Instead she just was aware of his presence an occasional touch as she let her eyes close. "Lydia, I'm going to give you something." "M'fine, Sev, I told you." "It's just a simple restorative. It'll help you feel less tired for the staff meeting." She hummed, turning this thought over. She certain was too sleepy for the meeting as she was now. "Alright, then," she muttered, forcing her eyes open and letting Severus press the potion to her lips. The taste confirmed that it was a simple restorative potion, nothing that would cause undesirable side effects, and she felt her body perk up as a response to drinking it several minutes later. Her eyelids had no trouble staying open, and she smiled at Severus, lifting her hand to touch his arm without difficulty. "Thank you," she said, sitting up to kiss him. He was still stiff and concerned, but he said nothing more about these concerns, and Lydia was not instantly thinking of ways to assuage his fears. There were more immediate concerns, like making it through the staff meeting, knowing that Severus was going to be watching her and Albus would make a point of asking her at least one question, as always. But Lydia gathered her thoughts as she and Severus dressed for the meeting. There were no troubles in her classes, and in fact she felt very strongly that her fourth year students were some of the best she'd had since she started teaching. Bill, Doran, and their more improved classmates would make a formidable N.E.W.T. level group once they made it past fifth year. "Ready?" Severus asked as she put on just a dash of makeup, covering the bags under her eyes that seemed to grow worse no matter what she did. "Yeah," she said, smiling weakly, wishing he wouldn't watch her while she put on make-up. He always gave her that disapproving look, like she was wasting her time and energies. No one ever thought it weird when Severus and Lydia arrived at meetings – or anything else – together, as they had been this close since her very first day of teaching. "Excellent," Albus said as the teachers settled in, Lydia next to Severus, across from Dalia, smiling weakly at her friend, who sent her strange smile back. Severus placed his hand on Lydia's thigh under the table, and Lydia felt her fingers grab his hand, although she didn't remember deciding to do so. He squeezed her hand, and she felt that feeling like the first rush of the restorative again. Her posture straightened and she felt ready to talk. She did hope Albus called on her first, before the feeling faded, but it seemed unlikely. "Now," he said, his eyes scanning the teachers, "lots to cover today." Several others sat straighter at this. The more on the ball they all were, the quicker everything would go. "Severus," he said to begin, turning his twinkling blue eyes on Severus, whose posture and hand did not change in any perceptible way. "Those Hufflepuffs…?" Severus nodded and said, "I am sorely tempted to drop one of them, but as of yet I do not believe I have enough cause. If she fails her exam, I want the right to have her study with the first years next year." "Agreed," Albus said. "And before you say anything, Minerva, you will be granted the same rights for those girls." Minerva, who had puffed up, about ready to interrupt, sat at her usual straight-but-not-quite-stiff posture and her face relaxed slightly. Lydia smiled slightly, amused at the situation with the Hufflepuff girls. Chances were she wouldn't teach any of them if they were doing so dismally in all their core subjects. Students who struggled that much often got special dispensation not to take elective courses, so they increased the likelihood of passing more core O.W.L.s than if they had to struggle through more classes. "Anything else you need, Severus?" "I don't believe so, Albus," Severus said. "As we come closer to exams I will no doubt require more cauldrons, but I wish to refrain from ordering more until we know how many will be required." Lydia then had to listen to Professor Kettleburn explain exactly what happened when he lost his right pinky and ring finger the week before, and how he was going to avoid the problem in future. Curiosity was getting the better of Lydia, and she found herself glancing over at his ring finger in spite of the fact she knew it would be disgusting. She looked away quickly, ignoring the fact that Severus smirked at her obvious reaction to seeing the damage. After several more professors, Albus turned to Lydia. "I was wondering," he said, smiling at her, "if perhaps you would be willing to go on the back-up referee roster next year, Lydia." She blinked. "What was that?" she asked, puzzled. There were no referees in Arithmancy. She would have noticed. "For the Quidditch season, my dear. If Rolanda hadn't recovered from her flu two just before the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw match this year we would have scrambled for a suitable replacement referee. You always flew so well, and I seem to recall you having a remarkable memory for the rules." She blinked around at the other faces at the table. It was a good point, she supposed. She wasn't certain Flitwick was tall enough to ride a broom, and while Minerva was very knowledgeable she wasn't especially comfortable flying. And the last time Lydia had seen Severus on a broom it had been in school, and he had been far from comfortable on it, even a few feet off the ground. "I suppose that would be fine," she said, smiling weakly. "I'd have to brush up if I were needed, of course. I haven't played in years." Severus squeezed her hand as she said this, and she realized, to her mild surprise, that he was pleased. "I'm sure we can arrange that," Albus said kindly. "Now, I expect you're all set for the upcoming exams?" "As always," Lydia said, smiling back at him just on reflex alone. "No cauldrons to explode." Severus's eyebrows raised slightly, but he said nothing at her joke. He just seemed content that she was acting perkier, more like what he would expect from her. No one else seemed to expect her to behave differently. Once Albus was finished with her, Lydia was able to zone out for the rest of the meeting, as nothing else ever had anything to do with her. She focused on the feel of Severus's hand in her hand, and toward the end of the meeting she caught Dalia's gaze. Dalia smiled at her, and Lydia felt that strange dizziness again, and she wished she could go lie down. As soon as Albus called off the meeting she made to stand, but her head felt too dizzy, and she realized Severus was still seated beside her, still holding her hand, waiting for everyone else to leave. "How do you feel?" he asked. "Ill?" "Just a bit dizzy," she said softly. "Perhaps I didn't have enough at breakfast." He considered this and said, "I did try to make you take some bacon." "I wasn't hungry." "Are you now?" Lydia hadn't really thought about it, but she supposed she was. With a nod he said, "Maybe next time you'll take the bacon. Come, now. We'll get the house-elves to make you something. What sounds good?" She let him help her to her feet, waiting to make certain she could walk on her own power before leading her out of the staff room. As soon as they were back in their quarters he ordered her some sausages because bacon still didn't sound very good. He made her a cup of tea, and she didn't notice that he didn't put sugar in it, or that he'd cooled it, until she pressed the cup to her lips. It was perfect, perfectly steeped, perfectly cooled, everything. Lydia pressed her head to his shoulder and wanted so badly to capture time in this moment, this one moment where nothing felt anything but just right. A/N: Apologies. I meant to have this ready for y'all yesterday, but I was pretty sick, strangely, for no obvious reason… I'm feeling much better today, except that I sneezed just now and felt like multiple places inside of me exploded…. It wasn't comfortable. I'm probably fine. So…. Y'all may get two chapters today if you review like mad and I get my shit together. Review Prompt: Are you finally satisfied that Severus hasn't been not noticing things? ARE YOU? :D -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to dear reader and reviewer, Hidan's Lover! Thanks for the support and well-wishes. I am feeling much better today, thankfully. Also feeling very productive. -C Lydia knew Severus was leaving her alone pointedly on the morning of her birthday to avoid a confrontation over the letter and gift Remus had sent that she had yet to open. She couldn't stand the thought of another fight about Remus, and she did appreciate the privacy, but Severus had been on edge for almost a month, watching her carefully, almost in a way that made her uncomfortable. Still, it was her birthday and she was determined to enjoy it. Lydia opened the letter first, sipping her tea and smoothing the letter out with her free hand, letting the familiar handwriting of Remus brighten her morning. Lydia, First of all, I hope you have a very happy birthday. I hope I don't make you feel too old, but twenty-six! Can't quite wrap my brain around being on the dark side of twenty-five, but then, you have aged with far more grace than I. I wanted to visit you today, but I've had the strangest set of circumstances crop up at work and I really need to manage them in person. I'll tell you all about it the next time I'm able to see you in person. Let me know when is convenient for you, perhaps after exams next month? We'll set a date. I hope the gift is agreeable to you. I wasn't really sure what to get you this year, unlike years prior. Just know that I thought long and hard before deciding on something, and hopefully that shows in the end result. Remus She smiled to herself, vaguely curious about what was going on with Remus's job that he had to not visit. In truth, she wasn't too concerned, given the fact that he wouldn't have found her in her quarters had he turned up. Nervous about not knowing when Severus would come back, she hurried to hide the letter in her tampon box before coming back to her tea and opening the present. The wrapping was Remus's usual meticulous, so either he had it pre-wrapped or whatever was wrong at work hadn't kept him from being conscientious. The box held few bars of chocolate and an old, worn-out book. At first she thought it might be from a second-hand shop, but then she opened the flap and saw, in handwriting she hadn't seen in years: Property of Remus John Lupin Her breath caught as she read the title page and realized she had seen this book before. It was a collection of John Donne poems he'd brought with him to school at thirteen, a book he'd loaned to her several times, one he'd even read to her from on occasion when she was recovering from losing Lily and James, when he would come to visit. She flipped through the aged pages, knowing from something he'd told her years ago that it had once been his father's copy, which he gave to Remus when he got his Hogwarts letter. Why he would give this to her, now, boggled her mind, but she certainly did appreciate it. She turned to "The Good-Morrow" and read the familiar words, smiling. She could almost hear a younger Remus's voice in her head, reading it aloud to Lily and Lydia as they rested on the grass of the Hogwarts grounds, relaxing after their exam week. She felt her stomach turning with excitement as she recalled how close he'd lain to her that afternoon, close enough that she could feel his fingertips on hers. At fifteen, that had meant everything. Lydia spent almost half an hour perusing the book, reminding herself of the brilliance of word flow, the cleverness that was Donne…. It was easy to lose herself in those pages, to recall simpler, happier times when the war was still a distant shadow and Hogwarts was a haven of normalcy from Cokeworth. Before anyone she truly loved was gone. When she finished the tea she closed the book, setting it aside and wondering if she would be able to talk Severus into reading to her from it. Yes, it was a gift from Remus, and yes it had Remus's name in it, but if she told him how much she loved the poems, how she wanted him to read them to her…. Well, maybe not right away. Given time he would possibly forget where the book had come from and she could hide the child's signature at the front of it. She lifted the books to her lips, smelling the distinctly Muggle smell of old paper and that kind of binding that used glue and little strips of string that really old books sometimes had. There were a few old books Severus had at Spinner's End that smelled similar, but she'd not read them yet. Lydia suspected they were Victorian literature. He had a secret affinity for Dickens. After finishing her tea, Lydia began packing up the presents, finding places for everything, and she was just finding a place on her bookshelf for the new book when Severus came back, rubbing at a burn on his hand and muttering to himself. She raised an eyebrow. "What happened?" she asked, setting the book down without finding a new place for it, crossing to look at his hand. "It's nothing," he barked, going straight to the bathroom, running it under cool water, but she followed him. "Doesn't look like nothing," she said, opening the medicine cabinet she kept stocked. "What were you brewing?" "What makes you think I was brewing?" he said with a sneer. "When have I ever burned myself brewing?" "At least twice in school," she said, recalling a couple of times the Marauders had pranked him in the middle of Potions. Lydia frowned to herself at the thought. He was still sneering at her. "Oh, come on, Sev, even Potions Masters make mistakes." "If you must know I was breaking up a duel," he said stiffly. "A couple of Gryffindor boys fighting over a girl, as if they think that's original. It's a Stinging Jinx. The caster will be in detention for the remainder of the year." "Yikes," she said, wincing. "Well, this should ease the sting, anyway." There wasn't anything to make the swelling go away, but there was no need for him to be in pain. Lydia gently rubbed the salve over the spot in question, ignoring the grumblings under his breath about idiotic Gryffindors and their stupid ideas about chivalry. "Here," he said when she finished. "Here, this isn't how I wanted to spend your birthday." Severus led her back to bed and told her not to leave the bed. She watched him go into the front room for some time, and she expected him to return with something, but he didn't, no explanation. Lydia also expected him to want to have sex, but instead he crawled into bed beside her, pulling her body close to his and wrapping his arms around her. Lydia happily rested her head against his shoulder, and his long fingers caressed her back gently. "So…what was your plan?" she asked as he kissed the top of her head. "This," he whispered back, letting one hand run through the back of her hair, slower than usual. "Just this." After a moment she realized he meant cuddling in bed. Lydia smiled to herself, wondering if she would ever have thought of such a thing. It was certainly nice, smelling, feeling Severus all around her, and she felt more herself than she had in a long time, just lying there with him, feeling the heat of his body. She wrapped her arms around his torso to hold him closer, and his fingers twitched slightly. For hours they just lay like that, one of them occasionally saying something mundane, the other responding. Once, talking about what they were going to do about the party the Slytherins would throw if they won the House Cup – which was looking exceedingly likely every day. Lydia convinced Severus to leave them alone unless they were still partying at sunrise. She reminded him that she'd had parties crashed by McGonagall, but that was because Gryffindors were ridiculous. Surely Slytherins, she told him, would be more cautious and responsible. If those students only knew, she thought to herself as he kissed her face gently, they would be groveling with gratitude. Lydia realized, her eyes opening, that she must have fallen asleep sometime before lunch, because it was now nearly dinner, and Severus was still there, still wide awake, still holding her gently. For the first time in a long time, she didn't have any dreams she could remember upon waking, and it felt nice. She felt remarkably rested. "Have you just been watching me sleep this whole time?" she muttered, stretching as best she could while he held her. "Yes." "Was I terribly boring?" she asked. "On the contrary," he said, sitting up slightly, pulling her into a sitting position with him. "I find the faces you make while you sleep to be fascinating." Lydia rolled her eyes. When he gave her that look – the look that was almost mischievous but she would never say so to his face – she knew it was better not to do or say more than that. She probably didn't want to know what her face looked like while she slept. "We should probably get ready for dinner," she said, frowning. "The sooner we get there, the sooner we get back." Severus snorted. "Do you honestly believe I would subject you to dinner in a hall full of dunderheads on your birthday? We're staying right here." "In bed? But Sev, I'm starving." "Good," he said, glancing up at the clock. "Because you're quite right, it's very nearly dinner time." Lydia stared at him, puzzled. She shook her head slightly, and was just about to ask him what exactly he was talking about when a tray suddenly materialized at the foot of the bed. She blinked at it, not sure it was really there at first, but Severus let go of her long enough to bring it to their laps. Now it was not only really there, but it was right in front of her. "I hope you didn't go through too much trouble," she said nervously as he cut a slice of the lamb roast and held it to her lips. She smiled at him, smelling the garlic and thyme keenly before taking the offered bit of meat and chewing it. "All I did was tell the house-elves that it was your birthday, and that I wanted a tray for dinner for two, where I wanted it, and when." Lydia squeaked. "Sev, you told the house-elves to make a dinner tray for to and send it to your bed? And you told them it was because of my birthday? Are you mad?" He rolled his eyes this time, picking up a strawberry and holding it to her lips. She ate it dutifully, the slightly tart juiciness of the fruit making her mouth water. "Who are the house-elves going to tell but Albus, Lydia? And in case you have forgotten, he already knows." She still gave him a slightly disapproving look, but she couldn't hold it as he continued to feed her dinner, only eating while he watched her chew. There was only one piece of cake, no pretense of sharing it with her, but Lydia found she hardly minded that Severus didn't eat any of the cake. Instead, she enjoyed the perfect sugary sweetness of the frosting, a perfection she had never mastered in her attempts to make cake, a perfection she'd never found in a store-bought cake. When the cake was gone Severus vanished the tray and kissed her gently before pulling her back into his arms, which she had no objections to. "Thank you," she whispered. "Today was perfect." "Happy Birthday, Lydia," was all he said back, all he said for the rest of the night. A week later she stood in her classroom, the last day of review before exams, and promised her students she would do her usual office hours, but she was only vaguely aware which group of students she was teaching. For some reason, she'd been thinking of Severus all day, the way he'd held her that morning, not wanting to let go of her. Like he'd had the same strange sensation of foreboding that had been plaguing her since waking. It wasn't until one of the Oakfoot twins – it hardly mattered which – asked if she could read a rewrite of her essay on Jenson's Corollary that Lydia snapped back to the present moment. "Oh, of course," Lydia said, tempted to address the girl as Miss Oakfoot, but as she always called her students by first name, that would be a giveaway that she couldn't always tell the twins apart. The girl smiled and left and Lydia packed up her books, slipping the essay rewrite – which she hadn't required but was impressed by the initiative of – carefully between two of the larger books. Dalia came in not long after Lydia had packed up, while she was trying to decide whether or not to drop her bag off at her quarters before dinner. "Oh, hello," Lydia said, frowning slightly. "Were we supposed to meet? I don't recall…. It's nearly time for dinner." "Yes," Dalia said, her face expressionless. "I did want to wait until next week as they won't be here until then, but last week I lost a great deal of ground on you and I cannot afford for you to have another loss like that." Lydia frowned. What was Dalia talking about? "Come with me, dear," Dalia said, extending her hand to Lydia. Without even thinking about it, Lydia took her hand, but she was still befuddled. "Where?" "We're going to the forest, remember? I promised to go with you so you wouldn't feel afraid while indulging your curiosity." Lydia did vaguely recall a conversation like that, but something still felt strange. "But it's almost dinner." "So we won't have to worry about students following us, and we don't have to take time out of exam preparation." That seemed reasonable. Lydia thought her bag and books might be heavy, so she left them on her desk and followed Dalia out into the corridor. Down several flights of stairs, out the entrance hall passed the Great Hall, and Lydia didn't hesitate as they went out into the darkening grounds. The path toward the forest was familiar now, but there was still a little voice at the back of Lydia's mind that said something was wrong. "Severus," she finally said as they reached the edge of the forest. "Severus will wonder why I'm not at dinner." "Have you never worked late, dear?" Dalia said, smiling her strange smile, tracing her fingers in a patter on Lydia's arm through her sleeve. "Well…" "We will be back before he knows where you've gone." Lydia felt peace creeping over her, unconcern for what she was doing, and a pull to the forest stronger than she'd felt in some time. Curiosity was only natural, after all. Dalia led Lydia easily into the forest. It was remarkably still for a forest, and Lydia had expected to see or at least hear creatures scurrying. She'd heard the tales as a student, all the things rumored to live in the forest. The Marauders had even helped spread those rumors, and Remus had confirmed some of the less outrageous sightings. The thought slipped away from her after about half an hour of walking in the forest, when she saw the gnarled tree from her dreams. It was in a kind of clearing, a place that would probably look interesting from above, she thought, and the idea of flying over the forest seemed appealing to her. Something to do when she bought a new broom. "Sit," Dalia said in a harsh voice. "What?" Lydia asked, confused, but she sat without thinking about it. "You're going to stay here until they come for you," Dalia said firmly. "Who?" Lydia felt horror creep into her calm as she saw the glint in Dalia's too-close eyes. Something was wrong, terribly wrong, and she needed to go back to the castle. But before she could stand again, ropes shot out of Dalia's wand, tying Lydia firmly to the tree. Lydia's throat seemed to close as she realized she couldn't do more than flail her arms and legs. There was no knot to untie. "The vampires, my dear," Dalia said, leaning down to touch Lydia's hair like a mother caressing a child. "This is how I was not turned. I give them an annual sacrifice, if you will. A crude term, but accurate." "Why me?" Lydia asked. She hadn't panicked in full yet, the calm and the glint of moonlight off the crystal on her wrist keeping her relatively sedate. "Had to be young and healthy, vital. I couldn't really kidnap students," Dalia said, her laugh rolling richly. "That would be far too suspicious, but befriending the staff? I can get away with that for a year or two. Minerva was most…helpful. I initially wanted Severus, but the way she said he kept to himself apart from you, I decided I would have to get rid of you first. "And knowing how dependent he is on you, knowing what I do now from your…confessions…. Well, he'll be devastated when you vanish and never return. I think I'll be there to comfort him, and next year he'll be joining you." Dalia's lips curled again. "That is, if they keep you alive that long. I suppose that just depends on if it's been a dry year or a wet one. If I were you, I'd pray to go quickly." Lydia had stopped listening when she heard that Dalia wanted to hurt Severus. Panic set in fully and she began to squirm and struggle against the rope, no longer rational as the rough material burned her skin. Dalia ignored the struggle, said she would bring food periodically, as the vampires weren't due for several days. Lydia would have cried herself to sleep, but the sounds of the forest began once Dalia left, and Lydia could not sleep. A/N: Review Prompt: Well, now you know what Dalia's up to. Severus has a few days to find Lydia. If you were Severus, what demise would you give Dalia? -C
A/N: And now, the finale of Dalia! I'm really pleased with the response you guys have given me on this sub-plot! Can't wait to show you what I've got in store for the next year. :D This chapter is dedicated to loyal reader/reviewer NanamiYatsumaki, whose username I can finally type from memory. Hope you enjoy! -C Day and night blurred in the forest and Lydia's exhaustion. She could hardly sleep, but sometimes she passed out for several hours. Dalia woke her on occasion to feed her, and she thought two, maybe three days had passed. The vampires would be coming soon, and Lydia had more or less resigned herself to this fate. When she heard the rustling in the trees she didn't bother opening her eyes or cringing. She'd not seen any animals, so the sound had to be Dalia. No doubt it was warded somehow. A strange tingle went across Lydia's skin and she wondered if perhaps the vampires had finally arrived. She lifted her eyelids with some effort, so dry were her eyes, and she felt one of the ropes slip slightly and heard a kind of sawing sound. She couldn't just turn her head, but there was Severus, taking a knife to the ropes holding her tightly against the tree. A dream, surely, she told herself, blinking and wondering if he would vanish. But he was still there. A very persistent dream. "Sev?" she muttered. Maybe if he acknowledged her, if he spoke, it meant he was real. His head jerked around and his eyes were filled with something…something like relief. "Just be calm, Lydia," he said firmly, but his voice was trembling with something. "I'll have you free in a few minutes." "A knife?" she asked, frowning. "Is that your silver knife?" "No, it's…a special one," he said darkly. "I'm borrowing it from…a friend." Lydia was about to say that he didn't have any friends but her, but he said, "I think the ropes are normal enough, thank Merlin." He set the knife down, pulling out his wand and slicing through the ropes in a quick motion. Lydia slumped down the tree slightly, feeling weak and strange. Severus caught her, holding her so that he could check her eyes and skin temperature and pulse. "How do you feel?" he asked urgently. "Has she been feeding you?" Lydia nodded, flexing her fingers and feeling the strangeness of moving wash over her. "Well, well, Severus," Dalia said, and they both turned to see her watching them, amused. "I'm a little disappointed, actually. Lydia always gushed about how brilliant you are, how powerful and talented. I was really rather expecting you to find her sooner." Severus's whole body tensed, and Lydia realized, as he gently leaned her back against the tree, that he was shaking with rage. In all the years she'd known him, all the different situations she'd seen him in, she had never before seen him so angry. Her fingers gripped at the grass at the base of the tree. Did she have her wand with her? She couldn't remember, but she thought she'd left it in her bag, or perhaps on her desk. Lydia couldn't do anything to help him. The duel began almost instantly, and Lydia laughed weakly at the idea that she could have helped at all. The two were like blurs of light, Severus a blur of black, Dalia a blur of violet. Lydia hadn't seen a proper duel since school, and that had been Severus and Sirius, both of whom were exceedingly talented. But that, that was nothing on this. She realized this must be what it would have been like to watch a raid during the war, to see this sort of light show all around, with the sound and the smell of destruction. A tree behind Dalia took the brunt of a spell and it was almost disintegrating, it burned down so quickly. Lydia felt her stomach churn, but there was nothing she could do. Nothing but pray nothing hit her, pray Severus came out safe and whole. To Lydia's utter astonishment, and obviously to Severus's, moments later the blurs froze, Dalia above a disarmed Severus. He was on his back, his arm just not quite long enough to reach his wand, and Dalia's wand was pressed to his throat. "What a pity," Dalia said, sneering. "I was hoping for a bit more of a challenge. Even Albus said you were an incredibly talented duelist. If you'd been on the continent they would have chewed you up and spat you out. Well, I was hoping to draw this out, but I suppose I could hand you over as a pair. Almost romantic, isn't it? If they take a liking to you, perhaps they'll turn you and let you keep her as a long-term pet." Lydia couldn't explain to anyone after the fact the wave of fury and fear that ran through her in that moment, but the threat on Severus, the flash of panic in his eyes as he tried to find a way out of the impossible situation, made something in her snap. His wand was too far away, but the knife was right there, just beside her fingertips, and Lydia wrapped her hand around the hilt. It wasn't especially long, but Lydia plunged it into Dalia's back, then pulled it out as Dalia screamed and whirled around, and she plunged it into her chest. Dalia stumbled backward and Lydia collapsed from the exertion as Severus grabbed his wand, using a quick curse Lydia didn't know to cause more damage to Dalia. The witch screamed and blood poured from her mouth, taking place of the screams as Severus blocked Dalia from Lydia's view, checking Lydia over for damage. "I…I…" Lydia could feel tears burning and felt her hands shaking. There was blood on her fingers and no matter how furiously she wiped them on the grass she couldn't seem to rid herself of it. She closed her eyes tightly and muttered to herself that she had no choice as Severus retrieved his…friend's knife. The whole of the exams and after Lydia recovered in the infirmary, Severus and Minerva – a very sheepish and horrified Minerva – covering her exams. Albus did not visit her, and Severus visited to feed her every meal, even after she regained her strength. He took her back to Spinner's End and refused her attempts to make lunch. "Rest," he told her. "Tea." "I still haven't heard what happened," she said as he put the kettle on. "Please, Severus. I'm not that fragile. I…I need to know." Severus licked his lips and sat down next to her, taking her hands in his. They hadn't felt clean, properly clean since she'd killed Dalia, but she tried to ignore the sensation. She'd done the only thing she could have done. "When you didn't come to dinner I thought perhaps you were working late, but you weren't in our quarters, and around midnight I went by your office to see if you'd fallen asleep there. And I saw that you hadn't been there, so I went to your classroom and found your bag and your wand. And I woke up Albus." Lydia wrinkled her nose and said, "What did he do?" Severus's hands began to shake with rage and he said in a measured, dangerously low voice, "He told me what Dalia had been doing to you all bloody year. He knew, and he did nothing." "What?" Lydia said, her jaw dropping. "What do you mean?" "He hired her knowing what she was doing," Severus hissed. "He'd made a promise to the Minister to…. Well, the students weren't ever at risk, he told me. And he expected her to choose Sibyll because she's more of a loner. I've been angry at Albus before, but I very nearly attacked him. He said you were in the forest, and didn't say where. And he said that Dalia might have you bound with things immune to typical magic." "The knife," Lydia said, breathlessly. "I paid a visit to Lucius the next day," Severus said, standing to make the tea. "He had an old knife his wife inherited, a Black Family heirloom, ironically." "Ironically?" Severus stiffened before turning and handing her tea, warming it with a quick tap of his wand. "Severus, what do you mean, ironically?" She thought he would say something about Sirius, something about Lydia's connection to Sirius. "Leave it to Lucius to know the backstory of every pureblood across the continent," he said in that same measured voice, not meeting her eye. "Narcissa had a bachelor uncle, a man named Alphard." Lydia nodded. He was disowned for leaving gold to Sirius, the gold Sirius and Lydia had lived on, the gold that bought both of their homes. He'd been very fond of Sirius, supposedly. "Well, he lived on the continent during the summer in his youth, found recklessness and defying the wishes of his parents to suit him. A familiar story, I'm sure." Lydia nodded again, shivering slightly. "He apparently defiled the younger daughter of the wealthy, pureblooded Orenstein family, and he was back in England before her family discovered her condition. Dalia Orenstein was the bastard child of that union." Lydia felt slightly sick to her stomach, realizing that this made Dalia Sirius's cousin. She pushed her tea away slightly, feeling dizzy. They had both used her, both manipulated her…. "I very much doubt your Black knew of her," he said softly. "Alphard Black never knew of her before his death, Lucius suggested. And I rather think she would have been the recipient of that gold, had he known. It was a scandal the Black family kept a tight lid on here in England." Albus had known, and yet he let her be sucked down that road. She wondered if he hadn't perhaps known about Sirius sooner than he admitted to as well, that he hadn't let her share a bed with the spy all that time, knowing that if she knew he would lose whatever advantage he imagined he had. "I think I need some air," she said softly. "Lydia." She ignored him. She didn't even grab her coat, walking out onto the familiar street, into the sun. Her feet carried her down a familiar path, one she didn't have to think about, to the park halfway between her old house and the house that used to belong to the Evans family. A few children were leaving, probably hurrying home to lunch, and Lydia sat on a swing set, watching a butterfly try to land on a weak flower nearby. The nightmares hadn't left yet, but she'd slept through the night, she hadn't woken Severus, and she hadn't told him. He looked at her like she might break, like if he didn't keep her in his sight at all times she would vanish, or perhaps she would become that mess she was after losing Lily. He didn't understand that what she was afraid of was herself. She couldn't get rid of that feeling of being unclean, of taking the easy way out, even though she knew it was the only thing she could do. She told herself over and over that she'd killed Dalia to save Severus, but had she? She closed her eyes and let the breeze whip her hair back from her face. Severus had crushed the crystal as soon as they'd returned to the castle, but it never had any power of its own. He didn't want to take any chances of her slipping again, although slipping into what, she wasn't sure. Without Dalia around to control her, she doubted it would have done any harm. Granted, she didn't want to have it anywhere near her wrist ever again. Her hands couldn't handle the sensation of warm, sticky blood that seemed to creep across her skin when she least expected it. She felt and smelled Severus as he sat down on the swing beside hers before he said a word. "I wish you wouldn't have left the house." "I'm not a prisoner," she said softly. "The war is over. The vampires aren't coming after me, you said so yourself. I deserve fresh air." "You can hardly call the Cokeworth park fresh air," he said, and she could hear the sneer in his voice. She heard the squeaking of the metal chain of the swing being twisted in a way it wasn't made for, and she felt his hand pull hers off the chain of her own swing, his fingers lacing through hers as he pressed their entwined fingers to his lips. "I was afraid." "Sev…" "When I found your wand, and I didn't know where you were, didn't know what happened to you. I can't remember the last time I was so afraid. And then when I saw you tied to that tree you…you were so pale, I thought I'd already lost you for a moment." His hand squeezed hers and she opened her eyes, momentarily stunned by the brightness of the sun. She turned to look at him, to see that his eyes were shut tight. She said nothing, but she suspected he was fighting a threat of tears. "I'm here," she said softly. "I'm right here, and I'm not going anywhere." He nodded, but he said nothing, and he did not open his eyes. Lydia watched him for a moment. His skin looked paler than normal in this sunlight, his hair shining in a dull way. There were dark circles under his eyes that were not typical, but then she'd overheard Poppy telling him it wasn't healthy, the way he wasn't sleeping while she was in the hospital wing. Lydia suspected he hadn't slept from the time he realized she was gone until the last night, holding her in the master bedroom of Spinner's End. She used her feet to shift her swing closer to his, pulling her hand out of his to touch his cheek before she leaned forward, pressing her lips to his gently. Severus didn't open his eyes, squeezing them closed even tighter than before, but his lips responded instantly, urgently to her touch. His hand shot to her neck, gently pulling her closer. Lydia pulled away from the kiss and he opened his eyes. She slipped her hand into his and stood, leading him away from the playground and over to the pond. How many times had she walked this same path with Severus and Lydia as a child of twelve, thirteen? She stopped joining them on walks once her parents died, afraid of leaving the house, of someone knocking on the door and no one being there to answer. "I've missed this park," she said softly. "I'd forgotten how much." She paused in front of a beech tree Severus had climbed once when they were children, when he was teasing an irate Petunia Evans. She reached out to touch the bark, wiping her hand on it, but the sticky feeling didn't leave, just the wetness of sweat on her palm. Severus either wasn't paying attention or he didn't understand what she was trying to do. He used three fingertips to gently turn her head to face his, and she saw how his eyes still glistened more than usual. She ignored it. He kissed her, gently at first, but then with an almost desperate urgency. It wasn't sensual, but almost vulnerable, and Lydia kissed him back, hoping he understood in that kiss how guilty she felt, how badly she wanted to take away this fear he seemed to have that she would leave. That she would vanish, just like Lily. Lydia wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him down into the kiss. He sighed into her mouth, his arms wrapping around her waist, pulling her close to him, as close as he could with their difference in height. He'd held her like this last night as they went to sleep, tighter than normal, perhaps a little bit tighter than comfortable, but she didn't complain. He would eventually relax, she knew, and until then she hardly minded knowing he was right there, that he wasn't letting go of her. As long as he didn't make promises. Lydia would put up with this change in behavior as long as he made her no promises of keeping her safe. Too many people had made those promises to her over the years, and she'd once been naïve enough to believe them, at least some of the time. It would be too easy to start believing them again, after the year she'd just had. But Lydia didn't want to have to live in fear of those promises. She wanted to live in a world of peace, the peace she was supposed to have after the losses she had endured. She was supposed to be able to make new friends and not wonder if they were going to kill her. She was supposed to feel safe to walk to the market for milk and not think she might be attacked on the journey. She wanted to feel safe to fall asleep and not think she was vulnerable when she closed her eyes. When he pulled away from the kiss he pressed his face to her neck, not kissing it, but simply feeling it against his face, inhaling deeply as he held her like that. Lydia shifted her arms to hug him, closing her eyes and breathing in him, the smell of the pond, the not-quite-fresh air of Cokeworth, and the flowers blooming along the water's edge. Nothing was what it was supposed to be, but they were alive, and as long as she kept reminding herself of this, kept reminding herself that the blood on her hands was to keep him safe and alive and with her, then maybe someday they would figure out how to be okay. And if they didn't, she thought, tracing her fingertips down his back, well at least they had each other. A/N: Review Prompt: How do you think Severus will plan to protect her better in the future? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader Mckenzie118! Thanks so much for the support and interest! The response to the last chapter was fantastic! Can't wait to share more with you guys! -C Severus sat at her feet instead of in his armchair, resting his head in her lap as they took a break from lesson plans. Lydia tried not to feel strange about how close he stayed, because most of the time she didn't really want him to leave her alone. But his amending lesson plans with one arm wrapped around her leg was something new she could have done without. Albus had visited the day before, reminding them that he still needed their booklists, and she'd been afraid that Severus was about to attack the man. Lydia spoke with Albus privately and asked why he hadn't done anything, why he hadn't rescued her. "We needed proof to arrest her, Lydia," he said sadly, but he was not ashamed. "I didn't have that until you were kidnapped." "And you didn't come after me," she said softly. "You didn't call the Aurors." "At that point, I knew it would be pointless. Severus would never let her suffer a mere life sentence in Azkaban for kidnapping you." Never mind that Severus was not strong enough to defeat Dalia. Lydia closed her eyes and strained to shut them tighter at that thought. It didn't seem possible to her, and yet she'd seen it with her own eyes. Severus had always been invincible when it came to magic. Perhaps Dalia had some sort of improvements from the vampires, or maybe Severus's concern had distracted him. Because Lydia didn't feel as safe in a world where Severus couldn't defeat anything that might threaten her, at least in theory. He began drinking again, not in excess, but he'd been having a drink a night, perhaps to keep her from seeing the way his hand would shake when she left his side for very long. Lydia pretended not to see, and kept a close eye on him every time he poured himself a drink. As long as he stopped at one, she told herself, as long as eventually stopped the nightly ritual, it would be okay for now. Better than potions that could be far more addictive. "I think I'm going to push my fifth years harder this year," Lydia said softly, running her fingers through his hair. "They're a phenomenal group." "Is that why you insisted on writing recommendations for prefects this year?" he asked, shifting his head so that he was nuzzling her thigh just above the knee. "I was surprised to see your letter in the stack." "I hope you didn't find it too intrusive," Lydia said, smiling. "I don't know any of the Slytherin boys in that year except John Paul, and he's totally unsuitable. But Tryphaina is a phenomenally capable student, and others follow her example." "No, I found it very helpful," he said, "unlike the recommendations I usually read. I was uncertain between her and Cayley Barbary." "I had that same problem," Lydia agreed. "You should have read the letter I sent Pomona. If she was struggling between James and Joe she probably came away even more uncertain who to pick." "If she reads mine, she will choose Mr. Lyons," he said, yawning against her knee. "And I know you're making that face. Yes, I write recommendations. They write them for my benefit. It only seems reasonable. Besides, I never hesitate to find an opportunity to tell Minerva what to do in regard to her students." Lydia rolled her eyes, but she knew he'd likely spoken highly of Bill Weasley. Everyone spoke highly of Bill. The one she really struggled with was deciding what to write to Filius. She could equally see the merits of Benjamin, Sallie, Felix, and Drina. On the one hand, if Pomona chose Joe and Filius chose Felix it might create an awkward family dynamic, but it might be worse if one was chosen and the other not. And Drina was brilliant, almost the obvious choice, but she was so busy with Quidditch and Dueling Club and Charms Club that perhaps Filius would think her overextended. "You're going to recommend Tonks, aren't you?" Lydia said, trying not to laugh at the thought. The girl was in Lydia's class, and while she was very talented at the subject she managed to upturn a desk a week. Lydia had never believed that someone could injure themselves in Arithmancy, but Tonks managed to make it a dangerous subject. "The thought had certainly crossed my mind," he sighed. "If she were a Gryffindor, perhaps, but Pomona has done nothing to deserve such a recommendation. She might behave for me, but she does generally lack the ability to mind herself." Lydia had a wry thought that this seemed to run in her family, but then she recalled Sirius, and then Dalia, and a shiver ran through her body. Severus seemed to notice and he kissed her thigh and said, "Let's finish our lesson plans, shall we?" They worked in silence, but they worked quickly. Neither really focused too much on school toward the end of the year, and so their thoughts hadn't tended toward amending lesson plans. Lydia had some notes from early in the year, and she had the final exams Minerva and Severus had administered and graded per her instructions, but that was hardly comprehensive grounding for changes. Severus decided to have them eat dinner when they finished, and then said they could work on their book list as soon as they'd finished eating. He hadn't let her cook lately, not that she minded him making food for her. For one thing, it seemed to be the only time he was alright with not being physically attached to her, and for another she got to watch him cook and think without worrying about him catching any undesirable changes in her expression. He made tea first, handing her a cup and cooling it before starting spaghetti. The real reason Albus had come to see them in person, apart from seeing for himself that Lydia was well, was to tell Severus that he'd given the Defense Against the Dark Arts post to someone else again. Someone named Valerius Aalmers, an old student and friend of Albus from his earliest days teaching. When Lydia asked what Valerius had done in all that time, Albus said that he spent a good deal of time fighting Grindelwald when he left school, and then helping the Order's interests on the continent. Albus told her that Valerius had always been a bit of a thrill seeker and he'd lost track of him since the war. He said he thought Valerius had been doing some sort of expedition he'd found in an ancient runic text, but he wasn't sure of the details. Lydia found it interesting and curious, but she refrained from asking too much in front of Severus. He was sour about losing out on the job every year, but it was obvious he hadn't forgiven Albus for Dalia. Lydia hadn't forgiven him either, but she supposed Dalia wouldn't hurt anyone else, now, so it worked out for the best. That thought didn't make the nightmares go away, but time would maybe help. It had before. She watched Severus stir the sauce and she sipped her tea, recalling the way he'd held her last night, his fingers holding so tight to her, digging into her skin with such strength that she'd woken with bruises in the morning. If she had been Lily she could have found something to say, some way to comfort him and make him feel more secure, but Lydia had never been good at words. And if he'd had Lily, he wouldn't have needed her. That thought hit Lydia with such force that the tears were coming before she even realized she was upset, and she told Severus that she would be back in a moment, retreating to the bathroom and locking the door to catch her breath. It wasn't that Lydia was jealous of Lily, or Lily's memory. She had known as long as she had known Lily that in any competition between the two girls, Lydia would always lose. Especially where Severus was concerned. Just as Severus had known since school that any choice between him and Remus, Remus always was her choice. This had never bothered her, and yet somehow she was struggling to breathe. Was it the thought that she had stabbed someone for Severus, and she was still second to Lily? Would Lily have done as much? Of course she would have, even when she wasn't speaking to Severus. Lily was a perfect Gryffindor, and she would not have hesitated to do what needed to be done. It was a large reason why Lily was a valued member of the Order, where Lydia was too afraid to take sides, too cowardly to have politics. She didn't want to have these thoughts, and after several minutes of careful breathing Lydia managed to calm herself enough to return to the kitchen, where Severus was laying the table. "Are you alright?" he asked. "I've warmed your tea slightly." "Yeah, I just…." She shrugged, and from his tight nod she knew he thought she was looking in the mirror. She'd spent a lot of time in front of mirrors lately, feeling awful about how her appearance had deteriorated over the course of the year. She was getting back a bit of color in her cheeks, and the circles under her eyes were slowly fading, but she still looked like a shadow of herself. They ate dinner in silence, his hand in hers the whole time. Lydia did not meet his eyes, still struggling with the emotions that had overwhelmed her while he was cooking, and as soon as they finished with dinner Severus began writing the book list. She sat on his lap this time, preferring this seating arrangement to his trying to sit at her feet again. She curled her arms around his neck as he inked the quill. "The same books for you?" he asked, his voice rumbling in his chest. "Yes, please," she said, pressing her forehead to his neck. "Are you ever going to teach from a book other than Advanced Potion-Making?" "It is a perfectly adequate text," he said, scribbling down the list. "I see no reason to change as there is not a better one on the market and this one has served for twenty years." "You could write a better one," she said, sitting up a bit and looking at his face. As she expected, his expression became a sour one as he said, "Lydia, I do not have your talent with words. My knowledge would not translate well to a book." Lydia found that hard to believe, considering how many dozens of times she had read and reread his notes in the margins of her old basic Potions text. Sometimes she would read his notes from the war, the horrific things he'd researched in You-Know-Who's name, the things he had developed. It chilled her at times, but she knew he was capable of authoring a perfectly fantastic Potions book, or other subjects for that matter. He had an incredibly creative and organized mind, which was really the first step to any good text. "Whatever you say," she said, teasing, as he set the quill back in the inkwell, letting the ink dry. He raised an eyebrow, looking at her with an unreadable but not neutral expression. "Say that again," he said softly. Lydia blinked. "Whatever you say," she repeated, and she saw something flash in his eyes, his nose twitching slightly before he leaned in to kiss her violently. He'd not been like this in some time, she thought as he pressed her so that her back was rammed hard against the kitchen table. He'd been treating her like fine bone china, like she would break if he didn't treat her gently. As soon as he thought it was dry, Severus pushed the letter to the far end of the table, and he knocked the inkwell off the table in his haste to make room. She heard the glass shatter on the ground and she knew there would be a mess to clean, but he didn't seem to care, lifting her onto the table, still kissing her violently, pulling her forward so that she perched on the edge of the table, her legs around his body. "Sev," she said as he hastily pulled off his robes, but he ignored her. She gasped as he pulled her blouse open, buttons flying everywhere, and she almost protested, but she forgot what the objections were as he lowered his head to hungrily suckle her breast through the fabric of her bra. Lydia tossed her head back and let her fingers lace in his hair, holding him as close as she could, wrapping her legs around him tighter. A vague thought skipped across her mind that at least they'd cleaned off the table before he decided to clear it with a sweep of his hand and then his fingers pushed her panties to the side and thrust inside her in a single motion and she couldn't form complete thoughts. She made words, she could tell from the sound of her voice, and she thought he might be begging. She heard the sound of a zipper and felt his lips on her neck as he ripped her panties away from her body, tossing them aside. A moment later he buried himself in her to the hilt, and she gasped at the suddenness, the fullness. Lydia could hear him making sounds to, saying words, but the words hardly mattered. What mattered was the delicious friction building between their bodies, the way his teeth scraped at her neck, the sensation of his fingers gripping her waist so tightly she knew she would have a fresh set of bruises in the perfect shape of his fingers. She came twice on the kitchen table before he finally came inside of her, panting, eyes still flashing when he collapsed on the chair, pulling her down with him, resting her on his lap, still buried inside of her. There were things she wanted to ask, but she couldn't form the thoughts into sentences, so she simply panted against his chest, trying to think of words. If she could only lower her heartrate, calm her breathing, gather her thoughts, then she could remember what was so important. "I hurt you," he said, frowning when she looked up at him. His fingers gently traced her sides, where bruises were already forming from his hands. "I didn't mean…. I…." "It didn't hurt," she said, smiling weakly. And it hadn't. In the moment, it was hard to feel pain that wasn't extreme. "You know how easily it happens. Don't worry about it." He still looked mildly ashamed of himself, and he pulled out of her, setting her on the chair and pacing the kitchen floor with a half-unbuttoned shirt and no trousers. If he hadn't looked so serious, so horrified, she might have laughed at the sight. She was trying to think of something to say to assuage him when he stepped on a bit of the glass from the broken inkwell and cried out in pain. Lydia leapt to her feet, helping him to sit on the floor without hurting himself as he lost his balance at the sudden pain, and his eyes took in the mess on the floor, glass and ink splattered across the kitchen floor and buttons and ruined clothing tossed about. She turned her attention to his heel, removing the glass carefully, and healing the wound with a simple charm. "There," she said, smiling weakly. "Does that feel better?" He didn't seem to hear her, or even notice a change in his foot. His eyes were wide with horror as he looked around at the mess. "What have I done?" he said softly. "What are you talking about?" she asked, more worried than annoyed at this point. She'd never seen him like this before, and after everything that happened it made her very uncomfortable. He shook his head and said, "I…I reacted like…like a monster." "What? Reacted like a monster to what?" "You…" He blinked at her. "You sounded so…" He shuddered and looked down at his hands. "Something in me snapped and I…I was brutal." Finally, it clicked. The words she'd said, perhaps even the way she'd said them, had sounded submissive, docile, and something in him found that wildly attractive, and it sent him into a sort of lustful frenzy. And now, realizing what he'd done, he felt guilty. Perhaps seeing the kitchen in disarray and bruises on her skin from his hands reminded him a little too much of his father. "Sev," she said softly, touching his face, feeling a pain in her chest as he shrank away from his touch. "Sev, of all the things you have done in your life, this is far from the worst. You didn't hurt me, and you are not a monster, and nothing was broken that can't be fixed or replaced." He wouldn't meet her eyes, and from the way his neck tensed she had a feeling he was tearing up and didn't want her to see. Lydia didn't know what to say, and she stared at him feeling a bit lost, a bit disoriented. Sometimes he was so strong that it was easy to forget he had his own demons, the ones she knew and the ones she could scarcely imagine. At a loss for words, Lydia wrapped arms around him, resting her head on his shoulder, pressing her forehead to his neck, feeling his pulse against her skin. She could feel his racing heart slow the longer she held him and she closed her eyes. Time, she told herself. With any luck, time would fix these broken things. A/N: First of all, let me just say I'm stunned that we're very nearly at 600 reviews! Just the other day I was thinking how we had some time. Silly me. The 600th reviewer will win… a coupon for 50% off an ebook copy of my novella from Smashwords and the right to one guaranteed full answer to any question of their choice. That includes spoilers, that includes questions about me or my process, that includes the nature of the universe (although I can't guarantee accuracy if you ask things that don't actually pertain to my life or work). Review Prompt: What would you do if you saw Severus Snape cry? -C
Lydia stepped into the Leaky Cauldron, assaulted with familiar sounds and sights that she hadn't seen in quite some time. She'd never been especially fond of this pub, preferring Hogsmeade to London where clientele were concerned, but Remus wanted to meet here, and his letter suggested it was urgent, so she hadn't thought it necessary to argue about the meeting point. He was at a corner table, bending and twisting a napkin anxiously, and thought his posture was otherwise casual, she could see the whites of his knuckles as she approached the table. When he spotted her approaching he stood abruptly, and she could see his eyes were bloodshot and he hadn't shaved in several days. None of this would have seemed strange, except that they were on what was usually an easy part of the lunar cycle, so Lydia kissed his cheek and sat across from him, worried that something terrible must have happened to him. Perhaps something to do with the Ministry, or maybe he'd done something, had some kind of accident during the last moon. "How are you?" she asked, trying to smile as genuinely as possible. He just blinked at her for a moment, looking at her like he'd never really seen her before. "How am I," he repeated dully. "How am I?" Lydia wiped her hands on her lap, feeling them beginning to sweat. She didn't like seeing him like this, especially not knowing what was wrong, what she could do to help. "I've just heard from Albus," he said softly, hoarsely. "And he told me…." His voice broke and he just looked at her, his eyes searching for some kind of damage, lingering at her neck. "Oh," she said, realizing. "Oh, Dalia. Yes, I'm fine, Remus, it was nothing." Which was why she had nightmares nearly every night still. "Not nothing," he hissed, and she saw his hands were shaking as he let go of the napkin. "Lydia, vampires are nothing to trifle with. When I was working undercover during the war I…." He shivered. "Are you sure you…?" "Remus," she said gently, placing her hand over his, "I never even saw a vampire. Severus found me before they arrived. Albus knew they were coming." "Yes," Remus growled, ripping his hand from her grasp, pulling at his hair. "Yes, he mentioned that little detail. It was just the sort of thing…. I've never wanted to hurt somebody so much while…" While human. Lydia frowned, accepting the butterbeer Tom brought over to the table without looking up. "It was two and a half months ago, Remus," she said gently. "I'm fine. I promise you." Remus didn't seem convinced, and she realized Albus must have told Remus that she'd killed Dalia. After a long silence where they simply drank their butterbeers and he gave her nervous looks, Remus spoke up again. "We never wanted this for you," he said softly. "We fought so that things like this wouldn't happen." "Remus, this isn't about the war," she said, raising her eyebrows. "This is about vampires feeding." But Remus didn't seem convinced. Lydia remembered what Severus had said about Dalia being Sirius's bastard cousin, and she wondered if Remus knew this. She didn't know how he would, as Sirius hadn't even known. Perhaps it was more about the war than she realized, more about her than she realized. She remembered what Dalia had said about wanting Severus initially and she thought of what Severus said about how the Death Eaters would kill him for treachery if they only had a chance. As if Sirius had ever needed an excuse to want to kill Severus. She was being silly, she told herself, letting her imagination get carried away. It seemed capable of doing that all on its own, and she couldn't handle scarier nightmares. After they finished their butterbeer Remus walked her out to the front of the pub, standing closer to her than usual, obviously afraid that she wasn't as fine as she was claiming. They stood out on the street for a moment, and she wondered when he was going to leave. She didn't want him to leave, but if she didn't go back to Spinner's End soon, Severus would start to worry. They were planning to move back in to Hogwarts. Remus surprised her by pulling her into a hug, something he hadn't done for years, possibly not since they lost Lily and James and Peter. Lydia let her arms wrap around him, feeling his naturally elevated heartrate against the side of her face. She exhaled at how right it felt to stand on a sidewalk with him, just holding each other. He surprised her again by kissing her when they pulled out of the hug. It was quick and unassuming and undemanding, over far too quickly, but she could still feel his lips on hers after he'd said goodbye and Disapparated, leaving her standing alone on a London street. Lydia felt a shiver across her skin, realized that a grimy man across the street was watching her, and she walked down the street, turning the corner at an alleyway, and Disapparating as quickly as possible, back in Cokeworth, walking the rest of the way to Spinner's End, where Severus was putting the last of her books in her trunk. "Finished, I see," she said, smiling weakly. Severus froze, and she knew he was able to smell Remus on her. "Albus told him about Dalia," she said softly, sitting down in the chair near where Severus was working. "He was…. Well, let's just say I haven't seen him like that in quite some time." "I can imagine," Severus said softly. He didn't look up, didn't meet her eyes. Lydia suspected he was struggling between his anger at Remus for touching her and his understanding of how Remus felt, considering how he had reacted to the whole situation himself. "Are we still going separately?" she asked, desperate to change the subject. He nodded. "You go ahead and go first. I'm going to take a shower. I'll set up my quarters and meet you for tea, if that's alright." Severus hesitated, but after a moment he agreed. His desire not to smell Remus on her seemed to outweigh his nervousness at her being alone at Spinner's End for any period of time. The shower was quick, and by the time she was out, Severus was gone, his things gone with him and hers packed up and ready next to the grate. She took the Floo back to her quarters at the castle, knowing that the bulk of her things were already with Severus in his quarters. She set up her quarters carefully, and was just putting the last of the books on the shelf when there was a knock at the door. Lydia stiffened, feeling certain it would be Albus, and she wished she didn't have to face him without Severus. "Come in," she said, trying to keep her voice bright. To her surprise it was not Albus, but Minerva who entered, looking nervous and upset. "Oh, Lydia," she said, and Lydia was forcefully reminded of Remus sitting at the side table in the Leaky Cauldron looking like death. "Minerva, I'm fine," Lydia said, a little uncomfortable as the woman embraced her in a hug. Lydia had never before noticed how boney Minerva was, but then it wasn't the kind of thing she pondered as a student. She was a bit more concerned with what the Transfiguration professor would think of her footnotes. "I should have realized, I should have been more careful!" "Albus didn't tell you," Lydia said, shrugging. "There was really no way you could have known. Severus didn't know, and he's far more paranoid than you could ever hope to be." Minerva let out a weak, watery laugh. "Perhaps I should take a leaf out of his book, then," she said. "I promise to be far more careful about who I have tea with from now on. Oh, and you should know that I've chosen Mr. Weasley to be Prefect, as you suggested." "He really does deserve it," Lydia said, smiling. "Who did you pick as his counterpart, if you don't mind me asking?" "Oh, it was more difficult, but I decided on Riika Burton," Minerva said, frowning slightly. "She's a good girl, and more importantly she doesn't have a crush on Mr. Weasley, unlike several of her classmates." Lydia smiled and shook her head, saying, "I had forgotten just how important all those things were at that age. It really does make a difference, doesn't it? Well, I'm very proud of Bill. He does remarkable work, and he's always pushing himself to do more and better. Sort of…sort of makes me think of Lily." Minerva smiled sadly and nodded, and Lydia realized she'd never said that out loud before. Perhaps she had given Bill somewhat of preferential treatment, seeing a bit of her best friend in him, but then she reminded herself that it wasn't anything he hadn't earned. "I promised I'd have tea with Severus," Lydia said after a moment, but perhaps tomorrow we can catch up?" "Yes, of course," Minerva said, smiling. She turned to go, then paused and turned back to Lydia. "I…I heard you saved his life." Lydia felt a shiver run through her and she shrugged as casually as possible. "I guess that could be argued," she said softly. "But he saved me just as much as anything I did for him." Minerva nodded, but her eyes were thoughtful, and then she smiled slowly and said, "He must be getting used to being saved by Gryffindors, mustn't he?" Lydia just laughed as Minerva left the room, recalling how frustrated Severus was that James Potter had saved his life when they were in school. Of course this was entirely different, but the weird competition Minerva and Severus had couldn't be escaped when things like this happened. Severus was winning where Nymphadora Tonks was concerned, but Lydia had unwittingly given Minerva a slight boost overall. She shook her head, quickly putting the last few books on her bookshelf before she walked the familiar steps down to the dungeons. The castle felt strange, as it had been months since she'd last been there, and the last few weeks she'd been in the hospital wing. Walking through the halls again felt a bit strange. Perhaps she would ask Albus for a new office, or at least a redecoration. It wouldn't be too much to ask of the house-elves, and she felt strange about working in that office where she'd spent so many hours having tea with Dalia, having her mind twisted. She shivered. It was the least Albus could do, really, since the whole thing was his fault, in the end. His and the Ministry's. She made a mental note to drop by Albus's office and make some mild demands and take advantage of her situation as she walked down the marble staircase. A strange echo came over the castle when it was empty of students, although Lydia was aware that it was likely her imagination. She couldn't seem to turn off that pesky imagination lately, and the portraits watched her walk through the halls silently, although she could hear the subjects of the portraits whispering to each other after she'd passed. It was like being in school again, the rumors and whispering whenever something significant happened. Severus was just putting the kettle on when she entered, and she sat down on the sofa, stretching out her legs. "Minerva waylaid me," she said, smiling apologetically. "She was feeling guilty, and she wanted to tell me she chose Bill for Prefect." "As if she could have chosen anyone else." "Doran wouldn't have been a bad choice." "Perhaps not, if Mr. Weasley weren't in his year," Severus said, preparing the teacups. "As it happens, Mr. Moses is a very poor second to his best friend." She didn't want to agree with him, but she knew he was right, so she said nothing, watching him pour the tea. "I've been thinking of something," he said, handing her a cooled cup of tea, "and I believe it's the most sensible option." Lydia raised her eyebrows. He was either about to present something she wouldn't like or something that would make her uncomfortable and she wasn't sure which would be worse. She took a sip of her tea, holding it in her mouth for a moment before swallowing to really get the flavor to hold in her mouth. "What's that?" she asked, deciding it would be better to just get the conversation over with, whatever he was about to suggest. He stirred honey into his tea, looking at the floor instead of her, and then he looked up at her eyes. "How much do you know about the mind?" he said softly. Lydia shivered, thinking of how easily she'd been bent to Dalia's purposes. "Not enough, I'll admit," she said, taking another drink of tea and trying not to squirm in her seat. "I've made a very deep study of it," Severus said softly, still not drinking his tea, stirring needlessly. "There was no better way of surviving the service of the Dark Lord than by keeping the mind private and controlled." Lydia could see how that would be useful, and she knew that Severus had done extensive work on disciplining his mind. She'd known him to occasionally practice Legilimency, even on her. Typically he felt it invaded her privacy, but she vaguely wished he'd done a bit more of it last year. She didn't really know much about how it worked, but sometimes he would do a surface glean of students who were lazing off in class and they didn't seem to suspect. So it couldn't be too intrusive. "There are many benefits to the practice of Occlumency," he continued, still stirring his tea. "It serves as a barrier to Legilimency, but it also increases resiliency to other attacks on the mind, such as the Imperius Curse and…and most forms of hypnosis." Lydia shivered again. "It helps one to increase ability to lie, which can be a necessary skill. With regular practice and application, it has also been known to help wizards to exercise a certain amount of control over dreams." "Like lucid dreaming?" she asked, thinking of her nightmares. "In a way," he said, nodding. "That is a very advanced level of Occlumency, of course, and takes years of application and practice to perfect." Lydia nodded, taking another drink of her tea, watching him finally take a sip of his own tea before stirring it once more. "I realize you are very busy," he said, finally looking her in the eye. "Your classes and your research and…. But I believe that considering…. I would like to set aside time periodically and attempt to teach you Occlumency. It…. It isn't easy to teach, and it certainly is not simple to learn, but the benefits…." Lydia blinked, looking down at his knees and frowning slightly. They were incredibly busy, both of them. He had many more classes than her, and he brewed a considerable amount of his time for Poppy. Then again, she'd managed to spend time with Dalia as much as five days a week by the time she was kidnapped, so perhaps there was time to be found, if she was willing. The worry she had was that she wasn't what she considered a disciplined mind. Her mind often flitted from one thought to the next so quickly that she couldn't ever get her original train of thought back, and even in moments of intimacy she sometimes lost track of the moment, her mind off somewhere else. "It won't be easy," he said softly. "And I won't try to make it easy on you, or you won't learn properly. But I wouldn't suggest it if I didn't think you capable, Lydia. There are other ways for me to protect you, but this is a way I can teach you to protect yourself, and I think that's something more useful and sustainable than any spells I could come up with, any trinkets I could force you to keep on your person." She smiled weakly and said, "And you know that I'd never let you use Dark Magic to protect me." He quirked an eyebrow at her and said, "What makes you think you would ever find out if I were to hypothetically do such a thing?" Her stomach turned uncomfortably as she realized he was right. He may have already used a Dark spell to protect her, and she wouldn't ever know for certain. She didn't think he had, but she didn't know enough about Dark Magic to really know, and he wasn't about to tell her. "This would be a long-term project," she said slowly. "I mean, obviously it would take quite some time to learn properly." "And a lifetime to master," he said, nodding. "But you would gain a working knowledge as early as a few months if you apply yourself properly, and from there you can only improve." Lydia sighed, taking another sip of her tea, watching him drink more of his over the rim of her cup. He seemed casual, but she knew he was nervous that she would say no. This wasn't like drugging her or placing Dark protective spells on her. He couldn't teach her if she didn't agree to it. "Alright, then," she said with a sigh. "I suppose this is an important decision. And you know how I am with important decisions. I can't take this lightly, Sev. This is going to be a big drain on time and energy, and I imagine it will involve lots of you invading my mind." "A fair bit, yes." She didn't like the sound of that, rather enjoying at least the illusion that her thoughts were private. "I need some time to consider it," Lydia said. "Give me a couple of months and suggest some reading for me to understand a bit better what this is all about, and I'll think about it, alright?" He nodded, taking another drink of his tea. She could almost see him forming a list of readings for her behind that mask he wore, the mask he wanted to make a duplicate of for her. But she wasn't sure she wanted to be so…cold. A/N: A huge congratulations to Andimpink, the 600th reviewer! Review Prompt: What do you think of Severus's solution, and how he's pitching it? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to Eyesuhkattspeleeng! Hopefully it lifts your spirits and brightens your day! Things will get better. :D Also, those of you super-observant might recognize that the very first chapter was September, 1976. It's been ten years of Lydia's life, guys! :D Look how much has happened in such a small space of time! -C Lydia picked at a spot on the table, not bothering to pretend to eat or drink or anything of the sort as the first years filed in after Minerva. It had been a long day of meeting the new Defense professor and avoiding Albus after he agreed to have the house-elves redecorate her office, swap out some furniture, the like. The hat sang its bit and Lydia clapped with everyone else. Minerva called out, "Ackerley, Lannabeth!" The hat declared "SLYTHERIN!" Lydia and Severus clapped, his clap a bit more vigorous than hers. "Barbary, Lyndon!" "Another one?" Lydia muttered to Severus. "Another two, if I'm not mistaken," he said softly, barely moving his lips. "SLYTHERIN!" No one was surprised by this, but his sister, "Barbary, Petrona!" was called up next. The hat took a bit longer to deliberate this time before crying out, "HUFFLEPUFF!" Severus actually seemed startled as Lydia felt, and there was a bit of whispering going on at the Slytherin table, especially around the four Barbary children already sitting there. Petrona's pale face turned a deep pink as she made her way to the Hufflepuff table, and Lydia was horrified when she realized the girl was about to cry. Lydia didn't have to ask Severus. The girl was going to be receiving an angry letter from home, probably not unlike the one Sirius's mother sent him on being Sorted into Gryffindor. She still remembered the look on Sirius's face when he got that letter, a look she never saw on it in public again. "Blane, Sarya!" "SLYTHERIN!" "Beltchley, Tristan!" "SLYTHERIN!" Lydia raised her eyebrows, and even Severus seemed surprised with the trend. "Bulstrode, Mina!" "SLYTHERIN!" "Campbell, Scott!" "SLYTHERIN!" By this point, the Slytherin table was incredibly excited. It seemed as though they'd get half the year, although the hat did like to keep things fairly even. "Cauldwell, Brigit!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" Several of the other professors, including Pomona, seemed to visibly relax at this, and clap a little more vigorously. "Chang, Kali!" "RAVENCLAW!" Lydia zoned out until "de Moncrieff, Mark!" was sorted into Gryffindor, which caused her to clap a bit more vigorously. It didn't escape her notice that almost a quarter of the students were already Sorted. Mostly she didn't know who most of the students were, although a pair of Hardys were Sorted, one to Ravenclaw and one to Slytherin. Another Lyons boy was Sorted to Hufflepuff, and Gryffindor got another Moonstone and Mortimerson. Yet another Small was sorted to Ravenclaw, which cemented to Lydia that the Hat seemed not to bother thinking about it with most families who had a history with Hogwarts. It made Petrona Barbary's Sorting all the more uncomfortable. Finally, "Vazquez, Amaryllis" was Sorted to Hufflepuff, and Minerva removed the Hat and his stool from the Hall while Albus said a few words to summon the food from the kitchens. First years gasped at the sight of food suddenly appearing on the sparkling golden plates, and Lydia felt herself smiling at a few of the obvious Muggleborns. They always looked a bit dizzy by this point. "Well, that was certainly interest," Severus muttered, his eyes on the Hufflepuff table. Lydia didn't have to look to know he was considering the young Barbary girl. "Don't stare at her Sev, she's uncomfortable enough," Lydia said sternly, helping herself to some chicken. "I'm going to get a letter from her father," he said softly. "I don't know what he's going to expect me to say, but he'll write. Likely he'll write Albus as well, outraged." "He won't send her a Howler, will he?" "No, but she will get a letter from her mother," Severus said, shrugging. Lydia briefly wondered how Severus knew the Barbarys so well, and she thought, horrified, that perhaps their father was a Death Eater. He seemed to realize what she was thinking and shook his head. "He had a brother in my dormitory, Lydia, and their family owns the most selective apothecary branch in Western Europe." "Naturally," she said, her lips twitching toward a frown. "I could introduce you," he said, smirking slightly as he helped himself to some potatoes. "He would no doubt be thrilled to meet you." "I'm not sure I should meet him," she said softly, frowning as she thought of how Cassandra had been nervous to try to have a career because of her parents, and now how young Petrona looked still like she was going to cry, even though Megga Summerby and Jake Moon were trying to cheer her up and coax her into eating mashed potatoes. "I don't know what I'd say." "You would be polite," he said, amused. "You're always polite, except with me." "I am polite with you," she argued. He raised an eyebrow, and she knew he meant that he was the only person she ever fought with, the only person she always spoke her mind to. Still, he wasn't always polite with her, either. Dessert came and Lydia couldn't help that Petrona Barbary's new Housemates still couldn't get her to eat anything. The girl was clearly distraught, and Lydia had an urge to take her to the kitchens just to get her out of the line of sight of her siblings. Still, when Lydia went to bed that night she couldn't help but think that in the end, Petrona Barbary might be better for being in Hufflepuff. At least her Housemates would be caring and supportive in a way that Gryffindors really weren't always. Maybe if Sirius had been Sorted into Hufflepuff, she mused before sleep took her, he wouldn't have turned Dark again. He wouldn't have betrayed everyone. The next morning at breakfast Lydia watched students examine their schedules, and she smiled at the sight of Bill Weasley walking in with Doran Moses, a shining badge adorning Bill's chest. "You're far too perky this morning," Severus said, glowering at her, spreading butter onto his toast. "You do know it's the first day of classes, don't you?" "Of course," she said, grinning. "Unlike you, I don't have new students today. I've got fifth years and seventh years. You really ought to teach something like Runes, you know. You'd have so much more free time." Severus snorted, but she was only half joking. She certainly wouldn't mind a bit more free time with him. There was a bit of squealing at the Slytherin table, and Lydia glanced over to see an excited Seanna Sawyerson-Burnettson and a jealous-looking Cayley Barbary admiring Tryphaina Poole. "I knew Tryphaina got Prefect, but she was wearing her badge yesterday, wasn't she?" "Yes, but she put on her Captain's badge this morning," Severus said, stirring a bit of honey into his tea. "You made her a Prefect and Quidditch Captain in the same year?" Lydia asked, stunned. "It was either that or expect Miss Sawyerson-Burnettson to put together a quality team, as we have three open positions and a very young team. Miss Poole is infinitely more qualified." "Yes, but don't you think that's an awful lot of responsibility all at once?" Severus tilted his head in the way he did when he was tired and agitated, and he said, "She is equal to the task. I might have made Miss Barbary Prefect instead, would you have preferred that?" Lydia sighed, annoyed. She wasn't attempting to tell him what to do, and while Cayley was highly qualified, Tryphaina was better liked among her peers in spite of Half-blood status. Making her so highly decorated over a pureblooded girl was actually remarkably generous and progressive of Severus. Slughorn probably wouldn't have done it. Owl post arrived, and Lydia tried not to smile at the influx of parcels, students who forgot things at home or with doting parents who could wait longer than one day to send the first box of sweets. As if the students hadn't all eaten far too much in the way of sweets on the train. Lydia was mildly surprised when a letter was dropped in front of her. "From your publisher?" Severus asked before pressing his tea to his lips and taking a long, careful sip. "N-no," she said, opening the letter with its familiar script. Lydia, I apologize for the state I was in when we last met up. I'm ashamed of myself for being so overbearing and not taking better care of my appearance when we met. It must have worried you. I'll have you know I've shaved this morning. I do believe you when you say you're fine, although I hope you're not simply taking it for granted because you aren't wounded physically. It is impossible for me to forget everything that…. Have a wonderful first day of classes. Once you're settled in, maybe we could meet for brunch or something. I'd like to hear how the students are doing. -Remus She smiled, folding the letter back up, sticking it in her pocket to stuff in her tampon box later, but she noticed that Severus tensed as he glanced at the envelope. He was beginning to recognize Remus's handwriting, she realized, and although he said nothing she knew it was going to be something they would discuss later. Lydia went to her classroom, preparing to meet her fifth year students. It was a critical year for them in so many respects, and she had a speech prepared to give them. "Some badges in here, I see," she said, smiling as the students filed in and took their usual places. She counted seven badges and frowned slightly before turning to Tryphaina. "Who has the other Slytherin badge?" "Marnix Wozencraft," Tryphaina said, blushing slightly. "I see, and that's a very shiny Captain's badge you have there as well," Lydia said, teasing gently. "Don't start the betting pool for Gryffindor and Hufflepuff Captains for next year too soon, okay? Give student time to fail." Lydia was definitely going to suggest Doran for Gryffindor Captain, and maybe one of the Oakfoots for Hufflepuff, but she didn't see the point in telling her students that. "Now," she said, "congratulations to our new Prefects, of course. I have the utmost confidence in each one of you. I also hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you'll hear it from every teacher in your first day of their class this year. In case you forgot somehow over the summer, this spring you have your O.W.L. exams." Several students groaned, including Riika and Mia. Badges couldn't compliment everyone, it seemed. She raised a hand to quiet them down. "Now, I know it's not ideal, but I want you to know that I have specifically tailored the curriculum this year to this class, because I know what you are capable of. It may feel like I'm pushing you, but it's because you will need this material to move forward, and I know you are capable of doing well, every one of you." Riika, Lulu, and Mia did not seem convinced of this, but even if they did pass they would drop Arithmancy anyway, Lydia knew. Some students just didn't have confidence in their ability to do the subject, and those students were going to focus on subjects they felt they could do well. On the whole, her students took well to the suggestion, which she stated very firmly, that if they worked for it, everyone in that room was capable of passing the O.W.L. for her class. The seventh years didn't have that same optimism, but she tried to focus on the positive, like Jon Middleton's Head Boy badge shining next to his Captain's badge, or the way Max held his girlfriend's hand under the desks like they thought Lydia couldn't see the promise ring on the girl's finger. After classes Lydia returned to Severus's quarters, pulling off her shoes and putting the kettle on. She glanced at her schedule for the next day (third, fourth, and sixth years) and reviewed her lesson plans carefully, especially for the third years. She also reviewed the seating chart she'd drawn up for the fourth years – a necessary precaution, she'd discovered, for any class with Nymphadora Tonks in it. The girl was bright and would certainly pass her O.W.L. with flying colors if she applied herself, but Lydia did pray that she would decide she didn't want or need the course. She was interrupted from her thoughts by Severus entering in a foul mood. She raised an eyebrow. "The Gryffindors or the Slytherins?" "Gryffindors," he growled, kicking off his shoes so vigorously that they smacked the far wall. "It's always bloody Gryffindors." Lydia raised her eyebrow even higher, but he didn't seem to notice that she was mildly offended by this comment. She did try to find his vitriol toward Gryffindors amusing, given his love for Lily and his friendship with Lydia, but sometimes it did wear thin, especially as she always gave the Slytherins in her classes more than a fair shake. But then, Lydia had always had a policy of treating everyone equally, and Severus didn't bother. "The younger Mr. Weasley and Mr. Alderton managed to ruin an entire table when I had the fourth years this morning. The elder Miss Mortimerson had a meltdown and began crying during role, of all things before I'd even mentioned exams when I had the fifth years. Miss McCoy and Miss Rossetti – the second years – attempted to tamper with Miss Coopey's potion and received a hefty point deduction and several weeks of detention. Trying to kill someone on the first day!" Lydia raised her eyebrows again and said, "I doubt they were trying to kill her." "No, if they were trying they wouldn't have been so close to succeeding," he snorted. "They simply didn't read the text closely enough, or perhaps at all, because if they had they would have known that the resulting explosion would have very likely been fatal." Severus pursed his lips as she poured tea for both of them and then said, "And the first years. Miss Johnson seems capable enough at paying attention, but Mr. Dunstan and Mr. Moonstone were incapable of remembering instructions for longer than five minutes!" Lydia's lips twitched as she stirred honey into his tea. "And then there was breakfast," he muttered, and Lydia turned around, at first confused as she handed him his tea. "What about breakfast?" she asked, trying to think of what the Gryffindor table had been like that morning. "Lupin," he snarled before taking a long drink of tea, not even bothering to think about burning his tongue. Judging by the way his jaw tensed, he did burn something. Lydia sighed. She'd stowed the letter during her lunch break so that he couldn't rip it or burn it like he'd done before. She really hoped that Remus would write during more regular hours so the letters arrived at meals, where Severus had to behave himself. "He's a friend writing a letter," she said, tilting her head defiantly. "Surely you get letters." She hadn't paid much attention, but she thought Lucius Malfoy wrote on occasion. She wasn't especially thrilled that he was still talking to other Death Eaters, but she didn't make a fuss. "That's different." Ah, yes, different. Lucius Malfoy and Severus weren't about to run away together and so she was supposed to think it was totally different. "Of course it is," Lydia said, shaking her head and blowing across her tea. "You know, Sev, you're constantly telling me that he's not about to get over his insecurities and give a relationship a shot. If that's true, then what have you got to be afraid of?" "You can leave without leaving," he said softly. Lydia blinked, realizing what he meant. Even if Remus didn't start a relationship the constant hope meant that someday she might leave his bed anyway. Like she was about to do to Sirius. But Sirius believed a lie, and she and Severus had an understanding. This was something else, something different. There were no secrets between them. That is, she didn't think there were. But there were things she hadn't told him, not necessarily that they were keeping secret, but things she didn't think he wanted to know. She thought back to the offer he'd made, the one she was still considering, of him teaching her Occlumency. She thought of how it would involve extensive assaults on her mind to build up barriers, and she wondered what he would see if she were to let him do that. Would he regret the decision to offer? "I'm not going to leave," she said softly. "Who's making promises now?" he said back, and Lydia frowned, setting down her tea and standing, crossing to the bedroom. "Running away again, are we? Don't tell me you want to move out already. It's only the first day." Lydia sighed, turning to find him watching her with that expressionless face. Why couldn't he ever just say what was wrong? Why did he have to pick at her and make her angry instead of saying what was wrong plainly? "I'm going to take a nap. You can join me if you like." That startled him. He stared at her for a moment before vanishing his whole teacup instead of just the tea, a clear sign that he was flustered. He followed her into the bedroom, watching her pull off her robes, his eyes glued to where her blouse was clinging to her from sweat. He followed her into bed and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her body near. She didn't need him to say he was sorry for picking fights. She knew he was already beginning to regret it, and there was no need to punish him. She just wished he didn't keep doing it. But then, she had her own recurring problems, so she just closed her eyes and breathed him in. A/N: Review Prompt: What length of socks do you think Severus wears? Like, the traditional ones that come up half the calf? Knee socks? Over-the-knee socks? Ankle socks? BOOT SOCKS? Or invent your own length! Maybe he gets them custom knit… -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer WickedGreene13 who has faithfully read and reviewed this story for some time now, and who quiet sensibly believes Severus wears the classic calf-length sock. I concur. -C The first round of essays always came later for Lydia than most other teachers. She liked to give her students a little time to settle in, to stretch their Arithmancy muscles with problem sets, to refresh their knowledge before they had to write essays. Her fourth year students had just done their first round of essays for the year, and Lydia was realizing for the first time just how actually brilliant Nymphadora Tonks really was. Of course, the idea that perhaps someone else wrote it for her did occur to Lydia, as she had seen Remus do many an assignment for his fellow Marauders, but as there were only a handful of students in the whole school who could write an essay of this caliber on Arithmancy, Lydia decided it was more likely that Miss Tonks had written the essay on her own. Lydia wrote a few notes of encouragement in the margins, and a small correction to the premise of the fourth paragraph, but otherwise, an excellent essay. The likelihood of Miss Tonks not making it to N.E.W.T.s seemed less and less all the time. Lydia set aside her essay and moved on to the next in the stack, which was quite naturally that of Charlie Weasley. Charlie had some things in common with his brother, namely his popularity and his very keen intelligence. In a strange twist of things, the Gryffindor Quidditch team shifted around this year to make the best use of their players and Charlie Weasley was now playing Seeker instead of Keeper, although he had been very adept at Keeper. Playing Seeker, though, especially if they won more often, would only enhance his popularity. His essay wasn't exactly well-formed, although the ideas were very solid. He seemed to be one of those people whose mind meandered from thought to thought, and maybe eventually got where it was going – or maybe ended up somewhere else entirely. Sometimes she struggled to see the connections between his thoughts and she found herself wondering how they'd gotten where they were. After rubbing her temples, she considered mentioning to Bill the need to help his brother learn to temper his essays, but she doubted it would do much good. For one thing, she didn't know how well the boys got along, and upsetting a family dynamic by getting siblings to talk about their schoolwork was rather inconsiderate. She couldn't imagine if someone had asked Sirius to help Regulus with homework, what a mess that would have been. And more importantly, she suspected that Charlie was more or less doing essays the only way he could do. If she tried to temper his style, it wouldn't be his work anymore. She sat back and rubbed her hands across her eyes, trying to think of what to say to him. How did she encourage the thoughts and suggest a bit more order in his work? Stretching on the sofa, Lydia's eyes caught the fireplace and she began to consider instead Severus's offer to teach her Occlumency. Discipline and order was critical to Occlumency, she had learned from the readings he gave her. Those were skills Severus had always had in abundance, for as long as she had known him. It wasn't that she wasn't capable of focusing on one thing at a time, but she had never felt the need or the use in restricting her thoughts from moment to moment. Some of her best ideas came when she let her mind wander. But then, a disciplined mind would have been less susceptible to Dalia's treatment, and she could see the defensive value. She had never expected to need any defense of her mind. She had stayed out of conflicts, and the war was over. The idea of being guarded while having tea with a colleague had never really occurred to her. But perhaps Severus was right. Perhaps she should be more careful. She sighed, looking over the essay again. On the one hand, Charlie had remarkably good ideas, and a very solid grasp of concepts. It wasn't easy to find always, but she could see that it was there. If she forced him to write a more traditional essay, he might lose his ability to tease out those ideas in a way that made sense to him, and either the understanding wouldn't be there, or it wouldn't present itself fully. But if he could do those things, if he could manage to harness his ideas into a proper, organized essay…. Perhaps it would make an even better end result. It wouldn't be an easy change, but he could come out a better student for it, in all his courses. With another, heavier sigh, Lydia made a few quick comments in his essay and wrote a note at the bottom for him to arrange a time to see her in her office about his essay. She still gave him a good grade, but she knew the right thing to do would be to help him herself to write a more organized essay. Even if his brother or peers could help him, it was her responsibility to be certain it was done carefully so that he didn't lose his ability to think the way he thought. She continued to grade essays, growing slightly annoyed with the lack of original thought in them, with the way the students said the same things over and over again, as if they seemed to think she wanted to read about the properties of the number seven for her own edification. She had half a mind to write at the bottom of several of the essays that she'd already read their textbook and hadn't needed to read it again, but she restrained herself, instead making a notation asking them specific questions about key points, instead of letting them simply say what was in the text. The door opened and Severus entered, looking tired, but a little less haggard than usual for a Tuesday. "The Hufflepuffs didn't destroy the room today?" "No, just a single, harmless potion," he said, sitting down beside her, ignoring the essays spread out in front of her, pulling her body closer to his, kissing her neck. "Even the mistakes only rendered it useless, not dangerous." "Sounds like the kind of thing you should have them make more often," she teased, letting her fingers run through her hair, making the decision to finish the essays later. "Tell me Albus isn't doing something absurd tonight." He snorted. "Don't ask me to promise the impossible," he said, his fingers tracing up the other side of her neck as he pressed more kisses up toward her jaw. "You had your busy day today." "Mmm. I'm thinking of having the house-elves bolt the desks to the floor." "Miss Tonks?" "Who else? Honestly, who else can repeatedly injure themselves in Arithmancy?" He smiled against her skin. She thought about making tea, or perhaps stoking the fire a bit more, but he seemed so comfortable, and she didn't want to move him. "Essays," he said, turning his head slightly. "Any good?" "Some surprisingly so," she said fairly. "Most not very much." He hummed again. "I was thinking about your offer." "Hmm?" "Occlumency." He sat up abruptly, looking at her with sudden alertness that was almost unnerving after how placid he had just been. "Have you?" he said, with a forced casualness that was almost comical, except she knew how important this was to him. He saw it as the best way to keep her safe from another unfortunate attack, and Lydia knew how much restraint it took for him to put this in her hands, not take it into his own. "It wouldn't be easy for me," she said slowly. "And you know that teaching me is going to put a great strain on us." "A worthwhile strain," he said quickly. "Possibly," she said with a small nod. "But if we do this, you're going to see things you don't want to see, things I don't want you to see, and it could make things very uncomfortable." "Lydia, uncomfortable is temporary," he said, taking her hands in his. "We have fought and we have struggled, and we have certainly been uncomfortable. These things pass." He licked his lips. "But I will not lose you, Lydia. I refuse to let you die." Her lips twitched slightly and she said, "I'll have to die someday, Sev." "Then it had bloody well better be after I'm already gone," he growled. She didn't know why her whole chest seemed to feel warm after he said that, when she thought she should have felt horrified. He hardly ever swore, especially not around her, and the idea of him dying would normally have been completely abhorrent. Lydia laced her fingers in his, squeezing his hand lightly. "I'll do the lessons," she said, smiling at him. "As I said, it won't be easy for me." "It may be quite taxing," he said, honestly, before lifting her hand to his lips. "But the rewards are worth it." "So you keep saying," she teased, leaning in to press her forehead to his. "Well, perhaps Albus will leave me alone if he comes up on a barrier." "I wish it were only that simple," he said bitterly. "I am afraid Albus Dumbledore is one of the few men who cannot be deterred by Occlumency from being a prying nuisance." Lydia giggled as Severus pressed his lips to hers, their usual cold a sort of comfort, especially as that unnamed warmth in her chest had yet to dissipate. She let her fingers trace his neck, pulling him closer, feeling his hand pulling her body closer as their lips gently rested on each other. It had been a fairly quick decision, as far as Lydia's decisions went, and she felt very satisfied with it. She knew that she would likely regret it more than once as the teaching happened, but for now, it felt like the right decision. She was certainly enjoying the way Severus was reacting to it. "How about I make tea?" she asked when he finally pulled his lips from hers. Severus nodded, and let go of her. She could feel his eyes following her as she put the kettle on, preparing the cups. Lydia pointedly didn't look at him, letting him watch her with whatever expression he fell to naturally, not wanting to disturb his train of thought or disrupt his natural expressions. She stirred his honey into his tea, keeping her back turned as he stood from the sofa and crossed to her, wrapping his arms around her waist. He rested his head on the back of her head and she said, "Was the sofa cold?" "Very amusing," he said dryly. "Come." He led her back to the sofa where she handed him his tea before sitting on his lap. Rather than scowling at her, he pulled her closer, watching her breathe in the steam from her cup as he drank his tea, cautious but not slowly. She enjoyed watching his face as he watched her, although he was expressionless once more. "Albus expects us at the feast, doesn't he?" she said softly. "He won't expect us to be there the full time, though." Lydia frowned. She didn't like having an annual inability to sit through the whole Halloween feast. Eventually, she was going to have to expect herself to sit through the feast properly, to make that night just another night. It seemed like a weakness, not being able to face what was supposed to be one of the most cheerful occasions at Hogwarts. "We'll stay," she said, sipping her tea, although it was a bit warm for her tastes. They finished their tea and sat by the fire for a time before Severus reminded her that if they didn't leave soon, they would be late. Valerius Aalmers greeted them when they arrived, motioning for Lydia and Severus to have a seat beside him. His hair was silvery, but still somehow thick and luxurious, where Albus's was a bit wispy. Valerius's eyes were almost hollow-looking and a white-silver that was only a few shades darker than the whites of his eyes. "You look lovely tonight, Lydia," he said with a strong tenor voice. "Thank you," she said, smiling indulgently and allowing him to pour her some pumpkin juice as the students filed in. Severus stiffened beside her, but he said nothing. To say that Valerius was flirting with her was a little bit of a stretch. He was quite a bit older than her, and he was more like a doting uncle who told her she was attractive every time he saw her. She knew Severus didn't actually feel threatened, but it seemed to irritate him, anyway. One good thing for the Occlumency was that he was bound to find out that she had very little more than affection for the man who was the current Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. Yes, he paid her a great deal of attention, but at least he didn't try to get her alone. "Lydia," Minerva said brightly. "Severus. Valerius." Valerius greeted her with equal brightness, and Severus grunted. Lydia just smiled at the newcomer. "How do you feel, Lydia?" Minerva asked softly across Valerius, whose eyes turned to Lydia, questioning. "I'm actually fine this year, Minerva," Lydia said, her smile twitching. And she was. Last year had been an ordeal, seeing the grave and the memorials, but she had been so focused on her own affairs all day that Lydia felt remarkably good. She fully expected nightmares later, but that would be later. She chose to give Valerius no explanations. No doubt Albus or Minerva would tell him later about her history with Halloween. The students seemed festive and happy, however, and unaware of the pain she usually felt as they sat with friends and helped themselves to food, smiling and laughing and gossiping as students do. The Hogwarts ghosts, directed by the Fat Friar, did a dramatic telling of Sleep Hollow, which Nick wasn't pleased about. Naturally, he was cast as the Headless Horseman. Instead of being terrifying, even the first years laughed. Lydia made a mental note to tell him later that she found him terrifying. Nick needed regular boosts to his ego. Lydia recalled sitting at a Halloween feast as a student not terribly long ago, sitting between Lily and Artemis, with Artemis planning the after party. How many of these students would be going to some kind of after party, and how many would be too exhausted? She saw the Oakfoot twins whispering behind their hands, giggling excitedly about what she was certain was a party they were planning. Those girls loved to celebrate, and any excuse would do. Lydia took Severus's hand under the table, feeling him squeeze gently, his hands cool but steady. Valerius kept her entertained with tales of her travels, but she kept her hand in Severus's all through dessert, since he didn't ever eat it, knowing that he was right there, feeling that same emptiness she was. Perhaps he was feeling it worse. She hadn't thought to ask before, and she felt a rush of guilt. By the end of the night, Lydia was pensive, but not exactly in pain. She went back with Severus and glanced at the unfinished essays, making a mental note to go through the rest of them tomorrow. "How do you feel?" he asked as she unfastened her robes and led him into their bedroom. Lydia faced him, raising an eyebrow. "How do you feel?" she asked, watching a small bit of surprise cross his features. He took a step toward her, placing his hands on her waist and pulling her closer. "Don't worry about me," he said, kissing the bridge of her nose. "You're allowed to worry about me and I can't about you? Sev, everyone worries about me. I'm the only one who knows you enough to worry. Please let me." He sighed, but he kissed her, carefully unbuttoning each button. He had pulled away more after the incident in his kitchen at Spinner's End, and while she had appreciated having more space, she did worry that he was in some kind of pain he wasn't letting her see. She was mildly ashamed over herself that she'd never thought of his pain first the way he did with her. She could say over and over that they weren't very good at sharing, but the truth was, she was far worse than Severus was. And as hard as it was for them, it was obvious he needed to share. He needed to share a bed, to share his home, to share in her grief because it was the only outlet for his own. Lydia shrugged off her shirt and felt his cool hands on the bare skin, accepting his kisses as he pulled their bodies together. They parted long enough to climb into bed and he pulled her so that she was underneath him, and he kissed the base of her neck once, twice, gently. She sighed and lifted her arms to wrap around his neck, but he lifted his head unexpectedly. "To answer your question," he said, his eyes more open than she had seen them in a long time, "I suppose I feel….safe." Lydia blinked at the choice of words, but he returned to kissing her neck as abruptly as he stopped, and she felt her mind being distracted. She was certain he'd done it on purpose, answered her when she would be too distracted to ask him follow up questions, too flustered to properly process his response. She sighed, mildly frustrated but mostly content. He might not have opened up entirely, but it was something, another glimpse no one would ever see but her. A/N: Review Prompt: If you were Lydia, what would be the one memory you'd least want Severus to see during Occlumency lessons? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer Liz Merryfeather. Welcome to the family, Liz. I hope the Occlumency lessons are pleasing to you and a bit of a redemption for Sev's behavior toward Harry. -C Lydia was wringing her hands on her lunch break, sitting with Severus in the kitchens. They wanted privacy, because after their classes that afternoon they were going to do her first Occlumency lessons, and Lydia insisted that they needed to talk before then about what sorts of things he might come across, things that might make both of them uncomfortable or upset. Severus didn't seem especially keen to talk first, but he agreed regardless. "I don't know what you expect me to be stunned by, Lydia," he said softly. "I do know that you have kissed Lupin. And I know that you spent years in Black's bed. I assure you, that will not shock me." "There's my parents' fights," she said softly, placing her palms on the scalding sides of her teacup. "My parents' were worse, as you recall." The memory of watching Tobias Snape nearly kill his wife from across the street floated to the forefront of her mind and Lydia shivered slightly. "And Lily and I had all sorts of talks that are bound to make you uncomfortable." He snorted and said, "I am fully prepared to come across some memory of you and Lily discussing how unfortunate my lack of a love life was and you politely trying to not be cruel with your knowledge of my feelings for her." "We never had talks like that," Lydia said, frowning, feeling slightly indignant for a moment. Did he really think she and Lily sat around talking about him like that? He knew her, he knew Lily. Surely he must have known that they hadn't gossiped about anyone but themselves. "Long talks about her love for Potter, then," he snarled. His eyes were angry, and Lydia wasn't sure she wanted to do this today if he didn't calm down. But then, she knew this would be difficult. "I am not naïve, Lydia. There are many, many things inside your head I don't want to see. But this is not about fulfilling some sort of curiosity about your secrets. This is about not losing you." She closed her eyes. Would he be so adamant not to lose her if he could see every memory she had locked away in her head, if he knew what he might find? Perhaps he would. He knew of many of the things she didn't want him to have to see, and yet he still wanted her to stay. Just as she knew of some of the thing he'd done, but she couldn't fathom not having him in her life, and she never could fathom losing him. "What do we do if…if you…?" She licked her lips, not certain how to ask what she was burning to say. He raised an eyebrow and said, "We will most likely avoid each other for a brief time, or fight if something is especially bad. But we are adults, Lydia. We can handle tension." She almost laughed, but she stopped herself, focusing her mind instead on cutting the bit of lamb on her plate that was being especially stubborn. "The fact is," he continued, glancing at his watch, "there will be many problems. And it will hurt you, most likely. But you will be better for it in the end, and we will manage to get through it. That is why I am spacing the lessons so much. I want to be certain that you have time to practice, digest, and heal before we attack your memories again." Lydia shook her head as he stood and said, "And what about you, Sev? Do you honestly expect me to believe that it wouldn't hurt you to see me in bed with Sirius? Or maybe you'd like to hear Lily telling me about the first time she had sex with James? Do you think I believe that this will mean nothing to you? You can hide them well, but I know you have feelings?" He paused before turning to look at her again with that passive expression. "Of course I have feelings," he said softly. "But Occlumency has helped me with a very powerful survival skill: controlling them. It can help you with this as well, if you allow it. I will feel a great many things, but the key of having control over one's mind is not to act on every feeling, but to manage them. Control, Lydia. Discipline." "I've made you lose control," she said, thinking of that night – or was it morning? – in his office when he called Remus a beast, when he had yelled at her, when she had shrieked at him. No one was in control in that moment. His eyes flashed and he stared at her a long moment, perhaps too long of a moment. She would have loved to have known what he was thinking, what he was recalling in that moment, but he gave no hint. He just said, "Yes. You certainly have." And then he left without another word. He was out the door before she realized he hadn't even finished his tea. She felt strangely breathless, but she finished her own tea in two quick gulps, gathered her bag, and headed to class, stealing herself to deal with the third years, perhaps the hardest group she had this year – because Miss Tonks was not, in and of herself, a group. She felt like it, but she wasn't. When Lydia arrived in her classroom, Asha Parker of Gryffindor and her best friend, Lisha Pound of Ravenclaw, were already sitting in their seats in the front right corner. "Good afternoon, ladies," Lydia said, smiling, although her mind was still buzzing with the conversation she and Severus just dubiously finished. "Hello, Professor," the girls chorused. The two boys from Gryffindor then entered, takin their seats in the back left corner, and the girls began whispering frantically behind their hands once more. Lydia wondered vaguely as other students filed in if the girls truly believed that the boys didn't know they were being discussed. The thought slipped away to a realization that there were probably hundreds of memories about Sirius, memories of Sirius, that she wouldn't want Severus to see. Every kiss, every touch, ever intimate moment, every time she talked about him with Artemis once Artemis decided they would be cute together. Sirius holding her after they discovered Mary's body. She shivered. Mary's body. She didn't want to relive that one. Would that be what it felt like, reliving the memory? "Good afternoon," she said to the class, smiling at them. "Go ahead and hand in your essays and get out your books and a fresh sheet of parchment. We're going to work through some problems." A couple of girls groaned, and the Gryffindor boys at the back winced, but every student quickly moved to obey. Her mind was elsewhere still, with Sirius Black as he told her he was going to be the Secret-Keeper, that their best friends were going to use a Fidelus Charm. Well, her best friends. After what he had done, he had no right to that claim, even in her memory. "Yes, Euthymia?" "Do they cover our level at the Arithmancy Club?" Lydia blinked and smiled, pulled back into the present moment. No doubt Jon Middleton's little sister wanted to show her brother just how good she was at the subject, as she certainly did not need outside help. "Well, if they aren't already, they certainly can," Lydia said, nodding to Amelina Parkinson as she put the last essay on the stack before scurrying back to her seat. "I'll talk to Bill about it." It was not lost on her that several of the girls from both Gryffindor and Ravenclaw grinned, giggled, and even exchanged glances at the mention of Bill Weasley. She wondered if he knew that the female population was reacting this way to just his name. Girls used to do that about Sirius, she mused, telling them which page to turn to, which problems to do. She began to circle the classroom, both to offer assistance and to get a sense of how students were progressing. She distinctly remembered a couple of Hufflepuff girls who had taken Arithmancy because they thought they would like the subject, and they spent the whole time watching Sirius Black instead. That thought reminded her that Sirius spent Arithmancy watching her, drawing her, and she recalled the sketches that he'd kept even after school. Sometimes he would even sketch her while she worked when they were living together, when he thought she didn't notice. He didn't like to draw if he knew she knew he was there. She inhaled a sharp breath and leaned over Caleb McYates to remind him about the law of reactive proportionary sevens and threes. Caleb seemed mildly embarrassed and shot a glance over at the mass of Ravenclaw girls to make sure none of them noticed. He was the weak link of the Ravenclaws in his year, and the only boy. Not to mention his brother Felix was good at everything he touched. Sirius was good at nearly everything he touched. He'd never had a head for Arithmancy, but then he'd never applied himself. Lydia never saw a reason, once she spent more time around him, that he wasn't excelling at the subject except that he never paid attention or did his work. He only studied to pass his O.W.L.s so that he could have a subject where he could stare at Lydia. She nodded on a nervous William Stebbins, and his neighbor Julian Brooks. Both boys looked slightly nauseous, although she suspected their issues stemmed from not doing their reading. They were too nervous about their Potions grades to have time for all their other courses, William had explained to her in office hours last week. She tried to be as supportive and encouraging as possible while reminding them that her class was an elective, and if they couldn't afford to take it seriously, perhaps they shouldn't take it. Sirius couldn't cook either, couldn't hardly prepare food without wrecking it, except salad. For quite some time Lydia had suspected that stemmed from being catered to for all his life, or perhaps from laziness, but eventually she realized it was his lack of attention span. The students were beginning to wrap up the problems, so she went back to the front of the room, gave them another minute, and said, "Alright, that should be most of you done, and if you haven't quite finished, that's alright. We're going to talk about what makes these problems different from the ones we've been doing. Any guesses?" A whole bank of Ravenclaw hands went up, plus Lanna de Moncrieff and her two Slytherin boys. "Charles," she said, smiling at him. She wanted to encourage the boys in this class to speak up, as they were outnumbered and seemed to be at that awkward age where girls were somehow intimidating. Charles and Oliver seemed to not be afraid, and she called on them whenever it made sense, to try to encourage their male classmates. Charles Bysshe sat up a bit straighter and said he thought the difference was the inversion ratios. Oliver shook his head, throwing his hand back up in the air before his classmate even finished speaking. Lydia tried not to look too amused as she pushed aside thoughts of Sirius again and said, "Well, Oliver, if you don't think that, what do you think it might be?" She certainly hadn't expected a class debate when she woke up that morning, mostly because her subject was certainly not one to lend itself to debate, but she allowed the students the leeway to work out the answer collectively, even though it took longer. Several of them seemed to understand the chapter better after the debate, and her mind felt refreshed when she left class that afternoon. When she arrived at their quarters, Lydia put the kettle on by force of habit, and she was so anxious she hardly noticed when Severus entered. "Tea?" he asked, slightly amused. She turned to look at him and shrugged sheepishly. He crossed the room and took her hands in his, lifting them to his lips to kiss each one at the knuckle line. "Lydia, there's no need to be nervous. We're not delving deep today. That would be unfair." She hadn't really expected him to delve deep into her consciousness the first day, but hearing him say that was still a bit of a relief. He led her over to the sofa, waving his wand to stoke the fire. "What do I do?" she asked, feeling her chest tighten around the words. "Close your eyes first," he said gently. "Imagine a barrier, any kind of barrier. But make it strong." Lydia did as he asked, and the image that came to mind was a thick, solid stone wall. Perhaps she'd been spending too much time at Hogwarts, she mused. "This is your barrier around your mind," he said, his smooth voice filling the darkness of having her eyes closed. "The goal of Occlumency is to strengthen this barrier, to build it up enough that no intrusion of the mind will be tolerated without your express consent. It is important that you remember this barrier, and that you remember, even as you feel disoriented and nostalgic, that you do not forget what the purpose is of what we are doing. You are not leading me on a holiday through my mind. You are keeping me first and foremost from your memories, as best you can." "How?" "There are many ways. We'll cover them as we need them. You may even be able to instinctively understand what to do." Lydia nodded. She felt her nervous dissipating as she listened to his voice, trying to hold the image of the wall in her mind. "Now, open your eyes." Her eyes fluttered open and she saw his dark eyes across from her. "Focus all your thought on the wall." She did, but kept her eyes open. "Legilimens." The wall tumbled easily, and she was standing in front of a mirror in the Quidditch changing rooms, adjusting her kit. She felt the nerves about her first match, but Mary patted her shoulder. She would be fine. Lydia picked up her broom, and she felt the slickness of her sweaty palms around the smooth wood. If she didn't catch the long passes from James today, the Captain would make her run again. She didn't know how much more her legs could take. They were still sore from last week's run. Suddenly she was on the sofa again, the firelight backlighting Severus, who was frowning. "Lydia, did you feel the walls crumble?" "Yes," she said, feeling slightly embarrassed, but strangely exhilarated from the nerves of her first Quidditch match. "It happened so quickly, I didn't know what to do." He nodded. "That's perfectly natural. Next time, take a few deep breaths before I incant, and take those moments to focus more strongly on the wall. When you feel it starting to break, focus more on keeping it up." She nodded and said, "I'll try." The look on his face told her quite plainly that trying would not be sufficient for success, but he said nothing. Harshness could be saved for when she'd mastered the basics, she supposed. Lydia took a few deep breaths, keeping her eyes open as instructed. It was harder to visualize the wall with her eyes open, but she got the sense that eye contact was somehow necessary for Legilimency, so she didn't try to close her eyes. She did as he asked, focusing as best she could on the wall, taking three deep, steady breaths. "Legilimens." Lydia could feel the wall beginning to quiver, and she tried to focus on it as a whole entity, staying in place. She could see it shaking on the edges, and when she focused on one wobble, three more popped up. It crumbled again, and she was swept into the air, Penelope Lennox whizzing by to draw the Ravenclaw Seeker toward Melissa's sweet spot. James had made it perfectly clear to everyone, especially Penelope, that if she didn't wait to catch the Snitch until they were up by one hundred and twenty points, they wouldn't win the cup. And Merlin forbid they didn't win the Quidditch Cup in James's first year as Captain. Lydia dove into formation as Mary snatched up the Quaffle, tossing it to Gaynor, who zoomed up toward James. This was her goal, if things went to plan. James liked having the left flank score on the Arrow against Ravenclaw. She could feel her heart pounding in her ears as she moved forward at her usual pace, maybe a little faster or normal. It hardly mattered. James would adjust. He always did. The Ravenclaw Keeper was expecting a rush from James up the middle. The Ravenclaw Keeper was an idiot. James tossed the Quaffle to Lydia, and he rushed forward like he was expecting a return of the Quaffle closer to the rings, but Lydia could feel her pulse racing in her fingertips against the red leather ball as she quickly decided to go for the center ring. And she was back on the sofa, her heart still racing. She stood abruptly, gasping as she felt the adrenaline coursing through her. "That was much better," Severus said. "It came down so easily," she said, catching her breath, pacing slightly as she tried to calm pulse. "You've only just begun, Lydia. That you kept it up at all is significant improvement." She got the sense that he had barely pushed at it, but she said nothing. The sooner she calmed herself, the sooner they could try again. "Did you make the goal?" he asked, his lips quirking into a smirk. "I don't recall that match." "You had the flu, it was fifth year," she said. "I missed the goal, but James retrieved the Quaffle and scored anyway. We won." She still felt the stinging shame of missing the goal, but she tried to push it aside. That was over a decade ago. She was no longer fifteen, no longer desperate to win a Quidditch Cup. She just needed to keep up the bloody wall. "Are you ready?" he said, raising an eyebrow as she sat back down. "Very well. Deep breaths and we'll try again." A/N: Review Prompt: If you're still in school, what math are you taking? And if you've finished with school (or maths), where did you finish? Would you have opted to take Arithmancy? -C
A/N: Here's a chapter for new reader, Nik1804! Great ideas all around on the Occlumency lessons. To answer my own question from last time, freshman year of college I retook the first semester of calculus, which I also took freshman year of high school. So much easier the second time around, let me tell you. And I absolutely would have taken Arithmancy. I was a math nerd at thirteen, if you hadn't guessed. Also, the idea for today's Occlumency lessons were brought to you by suggestions from a guest reviewer and NanamiYatsumaki. Cheers! -C After a glass of wine, Lydia curled up against Severus, watching the firelight. "I'm exhausted," she sighed. "Why did I decide to do all my marking in one day?" "Because you insist on not taking good advice," he said, tapping her nose patronizingly. Lydia rolled her eyes, but she wrapped her arms around him, feeling the heat of the fire on her face. She inhaled deeply, closing her eyes and imagining the wall she had been practicing summoning. She had been practicing building and visualizing that wall every night before bed, and sometimes when she needed a break from work. Her nerves had cooled after a fairly painless first Occlumency lesson, but they planned to spend Christmas afternoon doing a second lesson, and Severus warned that he would not take it easy on her forever. She would only learn by being pushed. Lydia breathed in deeply, and he said, "If you are so tired, perhaps we should go to bed." "But I'm cozy," she whined. "You'll want to be up in the morning for presents." His fingers were tracing through her hair, long and cool and familiar as he seemed to pain swirling motions onto her scalp with an icy touch. "But I don't want to move." He snorted. "Well, you may feel young enough to sleep on the sofa, but I certainly don't." She couldn't fight the smirk that twitched at her lips. She traced her fingers up his chest teasingly and said, "That's very interesting, since we slept on the floor not a week ago." He tensed, and she knew he was recalling falling asleep after sex in front of the fireplace, still buried deep inside of her, with her body on top of him. Even if he'd wanted to go to bed, she would have refused to move then. Lydia looked up to see his face serene and free of any tells, but she knew his mind was running through every moment of that intimate night. He had said something – she couldn't seem to remember now what it was – about her health, and she had decided to prove to him that she was perfectly healthy thank-you-very-much, and he'd been a bit stunned. He'd fallen asleep almost immediately after the sex, completely worn out. Severus glanced down at her and blinked, but he said nothing and his expression didn't change. Lydia felt her lips twitch again, this time with slight frustration and she brushed her fingertips across his jaw, encouraging him to lean toward her, just a bit closer… She leaned in and kissed him. To his credit, Severus responded immediately, pulling her a bit closer, wrapping his arm around her body. The kiss wasn't hungry or demanding, but a lazy kind of exploration, mostly lips with a dash of tongue, the tasting of each other's breath and the feeling of each other's warmth. One of Lydia's favorite things about kissing Severus was that with him it was perfectly alright for a kiss to just be a kiss. He had no expectation that they would have sex every night, and with how thoroughly exhausted they were every time they did have sex, they would probably kill themselves if they tried to do it every night. His fingers were gently tracing her spine down her back as they kissed, and she wondered if he was enjoying the wine on her breath, or if he was wishing he couldn't taste it. He was still hesitant to drink around her after that day in the kitchen. Severus leaned her back slightly and she thought that perhaps the kiss was going places she hadn't initially anticipated, but instead of laying her back onto the sofa he scooped her up in his arms and carefully, slowly, stood while holding her. He carried her into their bedroom, gently laying her down on the bed, brushing his fingers gently across her lips before pulling off his robes and climbing into his side of the bed. Lydia rolled over and felt his arms wrap around her, but he did not kiss her lips again. He kissed just above her left eyebrow instead. "So this was your plan?" she teased. "Seduce me long enough to make me sleep in bed?" He snorted. "Lydia, you're the one who kissed me." "Details." "And if I wanted you to go to bed so badly, I would have picked you up and carried you in here anyway." Lydia hummed, realizing that her mind was truly as tired as her body, and she let her eyelids flicker closed, feeling the steadiness of his breathing, of his heartbeat, where her head met his chest. She had meant to say something in response, but she couldn't think of the words. Instead she breathed him in, ignoring his chuckle as he recognized her signs of sleepiness. So he won this particular battle, and yes perhaps she hadn't put up much of a fight. But if there was anything Lydia knew better than anyone, it was that some fights weren't worth the fight, and some things just weren't worth fighting over. In her world this covered most things, but she certainly thought this qualified as one of those times where fighting was not preferable, and she allowed the warmth and peace of sleep to wash over her without and further struggle. She woke Christmas morning to Severus tracing cold fingertips across the skin of her throat slowly, gently, almost feather-light. If she'd been ticklish, she would have likely erupted laughing. Instead, her eyelids fluttered open and she smiled sleepily at him. "Happy Christmas," she muttered. "Indeed," he said, his voice low and smooth and perfect. She inhaled a sharp breath through her nose before sitting up and stretching. Lydia leaned in and kissed his lips briefly before turning to see that he'd already organized her presents on the foot of the bed. "How long have you been awake?" she asked. "Long enough." She raised her eyebrows as he avoided looking at her, arranging his already-opened gifts in the cabinet where he put gifts he never used such as scarves and white socks. Albus's gift was put in the liquor cabinet. "We missed the feast, didn't we?" He said nothing, smirking to himself as he dressed. "Did it occur to you that I might want to go?" she said, although not with much force. She was certainly glad of the extra time to sleep before their Occlumency lesson. The less time she spent stressing herself out about it, the better. Lydia pulled the first gift toward herself as he said, "None of your students stayed for this holiday. And I sincerely doubt you wanted to sit around while Albus forced you to open Christmas crackers with him for an hour or two. He bought an extra-large batch this year." She rolled her eyes, handing him the freshly unwrapped mead from Albus. He put it in the liquor cabinet. "Of course he did," she muttered, opening the gift from Minerva which was another scarf and a fresh ink set. Lydia was more than a little pleased with the ink set, grateful that she didn't have to make a trip to Hogsmeade in the cold and damp of winter, now. Severus sat on the bed beside her as she opened gifts from Pomona, Filius, and even Valerius. "What is it?" she asked as Severus turned over the rune-covered stone Valerius had given her carefully. He frowned at it and said, "You're certain it doesn't say in the note?" "No," she said, glancing over the note again. "Just says something he picked up on his travels." Severus hummed, trying to read the runes, but she knew it had never been a particular skill of his, and these were runes older than what was typically focused on in Ancient Runes. Even Lily would have struggled. "Perhaps this is over-cautious," he said, "but after last year…." "You want to borrow it until you can translate it." "Yes." "Go ahead," she said, kissing his cheek and smiling. Perhaps he was being overly cautious, but she'd rather be safe than sorry. It would take him time to translate, but she would like to know what it was, anyway. It was possible that even Valerius didn't know what it said. She opened the gift from Remus, ignoring the way Severus stiffened. It was simply an assortment of chocolates and a note wishing her a Happy Christmas, nothing sentimental at all. The only special significance was Remus's adoration of chocolate, but that hardly made it a personal sort of gift. Severus and Lydia then gathered the gifts they had wrapped for each other. Lydia was a bit nervous that he wouldn't like the gift this year, that it wouldn't be quite good enough, but she focused on unwrapping the box he handed her instead. She pulled off the paper and opened the small box to find – tickets. She picked up one of the gray tickets and saw that it was for a match between the Montrose Magpies and Pride of Portree. Lydia's lips twitched, realizing he must have got these sometime after their first Occlumency lesson, after he saw her memory of arguing with James about why she wasn't crazy for supporting Pride of Portree. "You're really going to this with me?" she asked, alluding to the second ticket. "I would hardly let you go by yourself," he said, raising an eyebrow as turned the box he had opened. "Where did you get these?" She shifted as she looked down at the flowers held in stasis, buds she'd had shipped especially from where they grew in the Himalayas. "There's an Arithmancer I've been corresponding with about the factor of choice in event prediction and it grows wild on his property. It's… The quality is good enough, isn't it? I really wasn't sure, and I didn't know how well they might survive the trip." "They are exquisite," he said, levitating one carefully with his wand to examine it from all angles. "Remarkably fresh. Not a single bruise." He seemed lost in thought, and Lydia smiled at him, feeling a wave of relief rushing over her. It was enough of a supply to last him for a good six months, even if he brewed a potion a week, which would be a strenuous thing indeed. "So you really want to go to Quidditch with me?" she asked as he carefully placed the flower bud back into the box and closed it. "I didn't simply purchase the tickets so that we could look at them," he said, smirking at her. "Perhaps it is not my typical activity of choice, but I have no distaste for the game, and I rather enjoy watching you watch." "Really?" she asked, puzzled. "Why?" "When a good play is taking place," he said, taking the box from her hands and place it on the side table, "I know because you lean forward, and sometimes you chew on the inside of your lip. And you have an expression that is somewhat…exciting." Lydia's lips twitched as she thought about the idea of him becoming aroused watching her watch Quidditch. If the match was long, he might be putting himself through a fair bit of torture. Luckily it was over Easter Holiday, so if it happened to go a couple of days – as Quidditch professional matches could easily do – they wouldn't have to choose between school and the match. "I look forward to it," she said, kissing his cheek. He ordered breakfast and they ate a slow, satisfying meal of Christmas goose and garlic mashed potatoes. "Now," he said, when the finished, "do you feel ready to begin?" She really didn't, but she nodded, trying to conjure the wall in her mind without closing her eyes. It came a bit easier than the last time, and she breathed in deeply through her nose. "I suppose so," she said. "Ready as I will be." He nodded, holding eye contact and raising his wand. "Legilimens." Sirius was watching Lydia, she knew it from the way the hairs on the back of her neck prickled. She could just hear the sound of scratching that told her he was sketching her as well. She tried to focus on her equations, but her curiosity was getting the better of her. Lydia licked her lips and decided to check his sketches the next time he went out. She knew where he kept them. She managed to push back, to pull away from the memory, feeling a bit of nerves, and then she was sitting on their bed again. Severus raised his eyebrow. "Very good," he said. "Did I kick you out?" she asked nervously. "No, you refocused your mind, or attempted to," he said. "I ended the connection. Did you feel yourself fighting the reality of it?" "Sort of." "You don't have enough skill yet to push me completely from your mind, but one effective tool, and something that will help build your strength and focus, is to refocus what I am seeing onto a different memory. But you have to have the presence of mind to recall that what you are seeing is a memory, not a reality, and that you have control." Lydia nodded, wondering how to do that. She wasn't even sure what she had done to push back the last time. How was she going to do it again? The first step seemed to focus on recognizing that what she was seeing wasn't real. She nodded that she was ready to go again when she built the wall in her mind again, and he gave her a moment to hold the image before he said, "Legilimens," He was coming in with more force this time, and Lydia felt the walls begin to crumble as though the wind could crush them with a few breezes, like she'd built them from sand. She was watching Sirius sleep, his face peaceful and beautiful in the light of the half-moon. For a moment, she almost wished she could love him, almost wished she could just crawl back into that bed and feel comfortable with him holding her, that she could stop wishing he was someone else. Two weeks in his home and she still couldn't stop wishing for Remus. The wall was gone, but Lydia pushed, reminding herself that Sirius was in Azkaban, and she hadn't lived in his home for a long time. She tried to remove herself from the memory, but she could feel herself returning to bed, could feel Sirius's warm body shift beside her, could feel his pulse against her fingertips as she touched his hand, his wrist. She was in her bedroom with Severus again, and she frowned, feeling a strange sense of loss as her fingers touched only cool sheets. "Better," he said. "try to think of a specific memory you want to call up when you are in those moments. Something related, perhaps, or something recent. It will make it easier to leave the memory you are in if you have one you're attempting to reach. Lydia nodded, calling up the image of the wall again in her mind, determined that he not break it so easily this time. "Legilimens." She squeezed her lips together, trying to hold up the wall, but he didn't bother playing around, and he collapsed it easily with a single blow, coming into her mind with full force. Perhaps with too much force, she thought vaguely, and she was kissing Sirius, his smooth, naked body over her, already glistening with sweat. Lydia could feel arousal coursing through her, and Sirius broke the kiss long enough to enter her. She tried to tell herself it wasn't real, to think of an alternate memory. She didn't want to see this. Severus didn't want to see this, and she could even sense a bit of his irritation and…hurt? But those emotions, those thoughts were secondary to the building friction she felt between her thighs, the dizzying sensation of desperation, of need and desire. She could smell the mix of sweat and Sirius's soap, spicy and sexual. Lydia felt herself gasping for breath as a climax was building, and just as she gasped Sirius's name— She was on the bed with Severus again, panting and confused and aroused and mortified. Severus had stood abruptly, his fists gripped tightly, knuckles white, and an overwhelming sensation of guilt filled her. "I'm so sorry," she said softly. "What for?" he said through clenched draw and gritted teeth. "I should have…. I couldn't grasp a different memory and I…." "I already knew you'd slept with Black," he said, still not looking at her. "And you were making an effort. The memory was a difficult one for you to manage at your present ability. I shouldn't have dug so deep into your consciousness so early." He pinched the bridge of his nose for a moment and said, "That's enough for today. I'll make tea." And he left the room, leaving Lydia to catch her breath on the bed. She couldn't shake the feeling that there was something more she could have done, that it was somehow her fault that they landed on that memory and that she couldn't get out of it. There were dozens, maybe hundreds of memories just like that one all over her mind. They would find them again, and one thing she knew for certain was that she had to be ready. She couldn't fail to remove herself from the memory again, because Severus's pain seeping through the connection of their minds still lingered in the pit of her stomach, and it made her feel nauseous and ashamed. A/N: Review Prompt: Write Severus's internal dialogue as he leaves to make tea. Use the word "grotesque." -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer WickedGreene13! If you haven't read the reviews from last chapter with Severus's inner dialogue, I encourage you all to check it out. Some truly fabulous stuff, including Wicked's, which is the beginning of them. I should give y'all writing challenges more often. ;) -C Lydia stretched out, watching the clock tick to midnight while Severus pretended not to care beside her. They had been tiptoeing around each other since the last Occlumency lesson, since Severus saw the memory of her and Sirius having sex. Severus hadn't touched her sexually, hadn't even kissed her except for accepting quick pecks on the lips. She knew his jealousy was a powerful thing, and she had felt some measure of his pain at seeing the memory. What she hoped was that by New Year's Eve the wounds would heal to some extent and they could move forward. In three days he expected her to do another lesson, and how could she when they still had this hanging between them? "Sev," she said softly, "Happy New Year." He grunted in response. She felt a wave of frustration, anger, shame, and she wanted to hit him and to hide in the closet in equal measure. She wasn't sure where that thought had come from, but it was truly where she felt the urge to hide. But she fought that urge, turning to him and said, "Look at me, Sev." The tone of her voice must have startled him, and he turned his head to gaze at her questioningly. "How long will you be disgusted with me?" she asked softly. "Should I move back to my own quarters for a while, or—?" "What are you talking about?" he said brusquely, demanding. "You haven't touched me in about a week. I can only assume you're disgusted with me because…." She felt her shame closing around the words and tears stinging the corners of her eyes as she thought of how naïve, how foolish she had been, letting Sirius pester her into a relationship, into his bed, smothering her with a love she could never return. And then what he'd done… "Lydia, you are mistaken," he said, his fingers brushing hers for the first time in what felt like ages. They felt colder than she remembered. "I am disgusted by Black, but you were lonely. He charmed many people, including Lily." The reminder of his betrayal almost made her feel worse, but Severus leaned forward and said, "And I really wish you'd stop threatening to leave. One of these days I might take you seriously." What she had meant to say in response died in her throat as he kissed her open mouth demandingly, pressing his tongue between her teeth and pulling her closer. Lydia gave into the kiss, not realizing how desperately she had missed this until she had it back, feeling like someone who had been in the desert for a week and was suddenly being offered a bottle of water. She wanted, needed more and faster. She let his hands lead the pace, allowing him to peel off her clothing. She followed his lead as he pulled her from the sofa to the bedroom, sitting down on the edge of the bed and pulling her naked body onto his clothed lap. The sensation of his trousers against her bare skin was strangely erotic, and she kissed him with more vigor, lazily unbuttoning his shirt, feeling his lips quiver slightly against hers with the release of each button. Her hands helped him slide the shirt off his shoulders before they traced the muscles of his arms, the cool smoothness of his skin. He rolled them so that her body was suddenly splayed on the bed, looking up at him, his eyes burning in the candlelight. "There is nothing you have done, nothing you could ever do, that would make me disgusted with you," he said firmly. She wanted to tell him she could feel his disgust, but he shook his head. "Black disgusts me, and the thought of him touching you disgusts me, but I am not disgusted with you, do you understand? Even when you were beneath him, you were beautiful." For the first time in her life, in all the times Remus or Sirius or even Severus had called her beautiful, this was the first time she wanted to believe it. She couldn't think of words suitable enough to explain how much it meant to her that he would think that, even with a memory involving Sirius. She just blinked away the tears forming in the corner of her eyes and pulled him in for another kiss. She hoped he understood without words. Whether or not he understood, she couldn't say, but he certainly responded. He pressed her back into the bed and pulled off his trousers quickly. Lydia's sense of anticipation coursing through her was exhilarating, but when Severus entered her everything felt even more powerful, not just where their bodies met, but all throughout her body. She felt a moan escape her lips and she closed her eyes for a moment to attempt to catch her breath. She couldn't. He began to thrust and her eyes flew open again. Lydia was vaguely aware that she was making sounds, but her mind didn't register what they were, only that they were happening. Severus made some as well, but she couldn't register those, either. All she could register was the building sensations within her, the way Severus's eyes looked different whenever he was inside her, the feeling of her racing heart seeming to want to beat clean out of her chest. When they came, Severus collapsed, his elbows giving out, and he rested his head on her chest. Neither said a word. They fell asleep like that, Lydia lacing her fingers through his hair, not even finding enough energy to pull blankets over their bodies. For three days before her next lesson, Severus was especially physically attentive, obviously making up for the time spent not touching her. By the time they were sitting on the sofa together, her hands trembling slightly, he was comfortable enough to take her hands, kiss them, and say, "I won't press as hard this time. I want you to master forcing the memory to change before we go any deeper. I'm going to focus on childhood memories." Lydia nodded. He was going to avoid Sirius, or at least avoid the age range when she would have been sleeping with Sirius. "Are you ready?" She summoned the image of her wall to mind licking her lips slightly. She focused her mind on the integrity of the wall, and Severus raised his wand. "Legilimens." The wall crumbled more tenderly this time, and Lydia was in her childhood home, her mother braiding her hair. Janna Rowe's hands were deft and rapid, well-practiced in their work, but her body was tense. Lydia knew her father was coming home from work, and that her mother hadn't finished something he'd wanted finished. She didn't ask questions. As soon as the front door slammed, Lydia needed no hints to scurry off her mother's lap and into her own bedroom. She crawled into the closet, closing the door, but it didn't muffle the yells of her father enough, just made it so she couldn't hear the words. As the yelling grew louder, as she heard the sound of something crashing in the kitchen, Lydia tried to think of another memory, tried to focus on not being in this one, and although she didn't manage to jump to a new one, the scene before her did begin to dissolve, the closet falling away even in sensation, into nothingness. When nothing else came, though, it began to form again. She was sitting on the sofa, feeling a bit dizzy. "Drink this," Severus said gently. "Just tea." Lydia accepted the tea and began to sip it. He shook his head and she took a full mouthful, feeling the dizziness subside. "That felt awful," she admitted, setting down the tea. "The world just vanishing like that." "Just remind yourself that it isn't real," he said. "It will still cause dizziness, but it's easier to overcome when you can keep in mind that these are memories, not reality. You made significant progress." "I still can't jump to a new memory." "Try to think before you go in of an object, or a person, or something that will help ground you in a new memory," he said, watching her take another large swallow of tea. Lydia tried to think of objects from her childhood, but there were none important enough to stand out. So she thought of Severus from when they were young, thought of how he was such a constant in her life, something that mattered. There were plenty of memories with him. "Alright," she said, nodding. "I'm ready to try again." He gave her a moment to set down her tea and build a wall in her mind again. "Legilimens." The wall crumbled more quickly this time, almost dissolving before her, and she was in her childhood home again, older this time. She was reading a textbook in her bedroom, flipping through the pages of the Transfiguration text without really paying attention to the content. She was listening to the fight her parents were having downstairs. "My daughter?" her mother said, in an uncharacteristically loud voice. "Why is it she's only my daughter when you're upset with her?" "Where else does she get such unsavory tendencies from, Janna?" "We live in a Muggle neighborhood. Do you want her to be teased like the Snape boy? What's so wrong with her wearing jeans?" Lydia could feel a slightly tinge of someone else's pain, but she tried to focus on Severus, on his face, on his smell, on something that could lead her to a new memory. "Buy her some damn Muggle dresses if it's so important to you what these people think, but I will not have my daughter parading around in trousers! It's simply not done." The scene began to melt again, and this time Lydia's bedroom rematerialized with Severus in it. He had a welt on his face, but it was him, and they were playing cards on her floor while her parents fought below. This time she couldn't make out the words, but she wasn't listening. That is, until the gunshots. Panic filled Lydia's chest, and she could feel someone else's fear and pain as well. She didn't want to see this memory, but now that she was in it, she couldn't seem to find a way out. Severus was telling her to stay put, that he would see what was wrong, but she needed to stay upstairs. She didn't listen. She followed him out onto the landing, down the stairs, saw the eerie green light, sinister and filling the living room. She saw her mother's body, her father's body, the blood. She felt her whole body collapsing onto the staircase, felt Severus's arms catch her before she hurt herself. Tears were at the corners of her eyes, and the world seemed to shrink around her, to strangle the breath out of her. She wanted to scream but she couldn't find her breath, much less her voice. Lydia was trembling on the sofa, and Severus's arms quickly wrapped around her, pressing the half-finished tea into her hands again, but she couldn't put the cup to her lips. "Deep breaths," he said softly, kissing the side of her head. "Deep breaths. You did very well. We'll just have to think of something else for you to think of, something tied to less…complicated memories. But that was enough for one night." Lydia nodded numbly, curling her body into his, feeling a cocoon of warmth as he held her. It wasn't real, she told herself. It was just a memory. It couldn't hurt her. They agreed not to do another session for the next few weeks, anyway. To give her time to relax, to practice and to think of something that could pull her to a different memory that would help her find a more innocuous memory. The students returned and classes began again, and after the first day of classes – after Lydia managed to escape Valerius's insistence that she join him for tea and dinner that evening by saying she had a headache and really just wanted a quiet night to herself – they settled in by the fireplace and Severus wrapped an arm around her. "I've been so tired all day," she admitted. "Maybe I'm ill." "No, it's from the stress of the Occlumency," he said gently. "That's why I've tried to space it out. It can be exhausting, especially when there are complicated memories involved. As you practice it will become easier, but for the time being you may find yourself a bit more tired. She sighed, a bit relieved. She was worried for a while that it had something to do with her experience the previous year, and to hear that it was normal for learning Occlumency was a greater reassurance than she'd realized. "I had forgotten," he said softly. "What?" "Their faces," he said, shifting slightly. "I had forgotten what your parents looked like. You look like your mother, a bit, but…stronger." Lydia actually laughed at that. She didn't think she looked strong at all. "No, really," he said. "She was always so frail, as long as I knew her. And at times you were, but not anymore. Perhaps you can thank the house-elves for regular meals, but you're not weak, Lydia." She nodded, resting her head on his shoulder. "I never asked," she said quietly. "How did you get the mark on your face that night?" He tensed slightly and then said, "He threw his boot at me. I don't remember why. Could have been anything. He never needed a reason." Lydia inhaled deeply, and she felt her tiredness seeping out of her body the longer they talked. And she decided it was finally time to ask the questions she'd been avoiding for nearly half her life. "Sev, where did you bury the bodies?" She felt his throat shift beside her head as he swallowed. "What?" "My parents. Your parents. What did you do with the bodies?" He sat up, but he didn't pull his arm away from her like she expected. "I only buried our mothers," he said softly. "The hill out past the allotments. Do you remember it?" Lydia nodded. She had only gone a couple of times for picnics with her parents when she was very small, and Lily had wanted her to go up there at night when they were teenagers. It was supposed to be haunted. Lydia shivered. Those stories started not too long after her parents had died. "It wasn't haunted, Lydia. Your mother isn't haunting the hill. There's a family of foxes there, and when they hunt the shrieks of their pray are what people think is a ghost." He rolled his eyes. "Muggles, always think things they can't place are something they couldn't possibly understand." She was slightly relieved that it wasn't the ghost of her mother haunting the hill, but then she said softly, "Our fathers?" His jaw twitched. "I burned their bodies. They were killed by Muggle means. It would have looked suspicious to bury them even if I'd wanted to." "The ashes?" "Out with the rubbish on the first opportunity." Lydia raised her eyebrows contemplating this as Severus watched the fireplace. Their fathers' ashes were at the county dump somewhere, and it seemed appropriate somehow. Two monsters, pureblood and Muggle, both reduced to a pile of ashes in a Muggle county dump. She was surprised to feel her lips twitch into a smile. "Do you remember where our mothers are buried? Could you find the spot again?" "Yes." "Will you take me there this summer?" she asked, lacing her fingers in his. Severus nodded, lifting her fingers to his lips, which were still so cold. Lydia never said goodbye to her mother, and while she'd felt a lot of anger toward her mother over the years, she finally realized that her mother simply wasn't strong enough to deal with what life dealt her. If it hadn't been for Lydia, Janna Rowe would very likely have run away, or taken her own life. But she couldn't leave her daughter alone with that man, so she stayed. It was actually remarkable she stayed as long as she had. "Thank you," she whispered, tilting her head up to kiss Severus's jaw. He just nodded brushing her fingers against his lips again as they watched the fireplace. She knew better than to talk about the memories about Sirius, but it felt good to ask about their parents. For a moment she thought about asking how he killed his own parents, but she decided that even if someday she did learn, she wasn't ready now. It was enough to know that he'd buried their mothers. "I forgot to ask," she said after a while, when her eyes struggled to stay open. "How was your first day back?" "Surprisingly adequate," he said, and she felt him standing, pulling her to her feet beside him, leading her into their bedroom. "Miss Tonks did a flawless potion. I even gave points to Hufflepuff." "A generous mood indeed," she said, smiling sleepily as he helped her into bed. "Hardly," he said in a low drawl, helping her out of her robes. "She earned every point. And I have it on good authority that she lost as many points this morning in Transfiguration for disruption, so I merely replaced points that had been taken." Lydia rolled her eyes under her eyelids at the antics of Severus and Minerva in their little rivalry, especially the way they used Tonks to fight their battles. Tonks was probably blissfully unaware, but Lydia wasn't fooled. She murmured that she wasn't amused into his chest, but the words came out unintelligible. He simply kissed the top of her head and said goodnight. A/N: Review Prompt: Imagine the county dump. Where do you suppose their fathers' ashes ended up? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader Eyesuhkatspeleeng, whose long and wonderful discussions on PM are a highlight to my day. Cheers, love. -C Lydia was trying to grade papers in the staff room instead of her own office because she was attempting to get quite a bit done so she would have the time she promised Severus she would make. Instead, she found herself trying not to be annoyed with Valerius, who had camped out with a cup of tea, chattering on to her about his travels. "Have you ever been to Latin America?" he asked dreamily. Lydia shook her head, trying to focus on the seventh year essays. "It's a wonderful place," he said. "And then I went to New Hampshire." With a blink, Lydia looked up from Jon Middleton's essay. "New Hampshire?" she said, confused. "Isn't that just a place in America? What were you doing there?" "Oh, it was necessary." That seemed very strange, but she didn't ask. She didn't know where the American school for magic was, but she imagined it was probably somewhere in the east. Perhaps it was in or near New Hampshire, and perhaps he was doing some kind of research. Academics apparently did things like that in the more hands-on fields. She nodded and turned her eyes and attention back down to Jon's essay as Valerius continued to chatter about the trees in New Hampshire, and how stately they were. She really didn't care much about trees, and after her time in the forest the year before, stately trees were about the last thing that would interest her about any place. "Of course, it's nothing on the lake we have here," he said as she tried to decide what score to give Jon. It was a good essay, but not his best effort and she knew it. "Yes, it's lovely," she said, weighing her options. One of her other students, she would have no problem giving this an O, or maybe an E, but with John she knew he could have done so much better than she was almost tempted to give him an A just to give him a kick to work harder, to meet his potential. But was that fair to him? She pressed her lips, trying to think of how she would have felt if her professor had done such a thing to her, as a student. "And the kraken, just as marvelous as Albus described." Lydia blinked. Kraken? "The squid, you mean? He's sort of a standard, I haven't really thought much about him," she admitted. "We all meet him first year on the boat ride over, so I guess the marvel is gone. I wasn't aware you had an interest in magical creatures." Of course, it wasn't unusual for Defense Against the Dark Arts professors to have a passion or knowledge about magical creatures, but she had been under the impression that Valerius's talents were more spell-oriented. "Creatures," he said, his lips twisting oddly around the word. "It just doesn't sound very complimentary, does it?" "I suppose not," she said, tapping her fingers on the table as she tried to decide what to do about Jon. "But it's better than beasts, isn't it?" He shook his head and said, "These are majestic beings, and we demean them with our terminology. And we lump in the highly intelligent with the true beasts, with no intelligence of their own at all. It's despicable." Lydia thought of Remus, and the troubles he had simply because of his monthly affliction, how it changed his legal status and employability, and she felt a pang in her chest. "I agree," she said, looking up at him. "It's disgusting." For one brief moment, she felt unspeakable kinship with this man, a moment were she remembered keenly the disgusting things Severus once let slip about Remus in a moment of anger. Valerius beamed at her and muttered something she didn't understand before he said, "How have you enjoyed the stone?" Lydia was briefly puzzled, but she recalled the runic stone he had given her for Christmas. Severus had yet to find a way to translate it. "It's very lovely," she said, unsure what else to say. She hadn't actually seen the stone since she unwrapped it at Christmas. "I like to hold mine as I fall asleep," he said, his eyes strangely far away. "It pulsates a lovely warmth into my hands. You must try it." "Perhaps I will," she lied. There was absolutely no way Severus would let her sleep with the thing before he knew what it said, and Lydia honestly couldn't blame him. She wasn't a suspicious person by nature, but she remembered the things Lily used to say about how powerful runic objects could be. For all they knew the stone had healing properties, but Lydia wasn't prepared to bet on it. Valerius finally decided he ought to do some of his own marking, finished his tea, and left Lydia in peace. She gave her head a little shake as if to clear it and made herself a cup of tea before returning her attention to Jon's essay. After careful consideration, a fresh read, and half a cup of tea, Lydia marked the top of the essay with an O, wrote a few marginal notes as she read back through it, and left a note at the bottom that she wanted to see him in her office by the end of the week. She decided that while she couldn't bring herself to grade outstanding work at anything less than Outstanding, she also couldn't let Jon's laziness slide without a chat. Perhaps there was a reason for the dip in work, and if he simply was ill or had a family issue there was no need to give him an E, or even an A. But it would do him good to be reminded that the N.E.W.T. for her course was one morning of his life that would determine his future, and he couldn't allow outside things to ruin that. Lydia then went back to Severus's quarters, kicking off her shoes, dropping her bag beside the sofa, looking around the room. Severus was not there, but a smell that was terribly familiar and yet something she couldn't quite place was coming from the bedroom. She wanted to start a cup of tea, but curiosity got the better of her, so Lydia walked into the bedroom. Again, no sign of Severus, but the bathroom door was open, and that smell was emanating from the open door. Lydia stepped into the bathroom and felt confused and pleased. Inside she found several dozen candles lit and littering the room, and a warm bath drawn. A small basket with bottles of essential oils – vanilla, rose, lavender – rested beside the tub with a little note. I will return shortly. Adjust as needed. -S Lydia smiled to herself as she breathed in the smell of the scented bath water. There was no point adjusting, because he'd done it perfectly, of course. Taking his hint, Lydia stripped out of her clothes and sank into the bath, feeling the warm water soak muscles she hadn't realized were aching, taking tiredness from her shoulders. About ten minutes later, she heard Severus's return with the opening and shutting of the front door to their quarters. She said nothing. He would know she was here from her bag by the sofa. Severus came straight to the bathroom, and she watched him shrug off his robes and begin to strip off his clothes. "I meant to be here when you returned," he said, peeling off his socks, "but there was an incident in the Slytherin common room that had to be managed." Lydia leaned forward to let him slide into the tub behind her, wrapping his arms around her. "What sort of incident?" she asked, sighing as his fingers caressed her breasts gently. "A private one," he said darkly. "Suffice it to say two boys will be serving very long detention sentences with me. How was marking?" "Oh, you know," she said, resting her head on his chest. "Not ever especially enjoyable, but they do tend to surprise me with how poor their writing can be when they're rushing themselves. I do give them plenty of notice on essays, more than any other teacher." "You coddle them." "Perhaps," she said, smiling to herself. "But as my course isn't required, I need to make certain people want to take it. Hard to do if I don't try to be kind." Severus just snorted, but he held her a bit closer. "Happy Valentine's Day," he whispered in her ear. "Happy Valentine's Day to you, too," she said, smiling again. "What all did you put in this bath? It's not just the oils." "It's a secret," he said, kissing her neck. "Let's just say that I have been experimenting with Healing potions." Lydia laughed. Secret, naturally, until he got a patent, because she knew he was going to try to market whatever it was for medical use. Such a Slytherin. They stayed in the bath for some time, and Lydia felt so relaxed by the time he was helping her out of it that her legs were practically jelly. "Careful," he said, catching her as her knees tried to give way. "Would you like some tea? The house-elves should have set up dinner in our sitting room." Lydia hummed her agreement, letting him pull his button-down shirt around her, buttoning it up most of the way, stopping just above her breasts. She tried not to smirk about this, just watched him pull on a pair of trousers before leading her through to dinner. It was a simple roast and potatoes, but Lydia hardly cared, curling up on the sofa as Severus made the tea, pulling her prepared plate toward her hungrily. "We have to get up tomorrow, don't we?" she said as he set her cup down, taking a cautious sip from his own. "Yes, the Quidditch match." Lydia sighed, cutting her roast as best she could with her plate balanced on her lap. She usually enjoyed the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff match, as Jon and Max were excellent Captains. And she always enjoyed the commentary Bill provided. As it happened, Charlie was a spectacular Seeker. Still, it was hard to enjoy the season when Slytherin was so dominant that they had essentially already won the Cup. She was proud of Tryphaina and Seanna, but still, it didn't make for good spectating. "I think this could be the year," Severus said, grinning. She knew exactly what he meant by the look on his face. Ever since Everett Middleton became a Gryffindor Beater, Severus had been waiting for him to hit his older brother with a Bludger during the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff match, but thus far had been disappointed. "It's now or never," Lydia said, shrugging, feeling Severus's arm around her waist as he ate his potatoes. "Indeed." Lydia secretly hoped Jon graduated without that particular shame, but Severus was so confident. She wasn't sure what would be more entertaining, Severus being right about this, or Severus being wrong. She made a mental note to tease him a bit if he lost, and not to be impressed if he won. They enjoyed a peaceful dinner, and another cup of tea after dinner, and then Severus carried her to bed, in spite of her arguments that her legs worked perfectly well. They curled up together and Lydia could still smell the lingering scent of the bath as she allowed herself to fall into the most peaceful sleep she'd had in months. The following morning, she felt completely refreshed, and she dressed for breakfast. Lydia and Severus ate breakfast in silence, watching the excited interactions of the students, who were excited for every Quidditch game no matter the stakes. At least it wasn't Gryffindor-Slytherin, Lydia mused, which always caused chaos and a full hospital wing before every match. Perhaps this was why they got that one out of the way early in the year, before classes got into full swing. After breakfast, everyone made their way to the stands, where Lydia and Severus sat together. She wore a Gryffindor scarf, although she typically tried to avoid affiliation. Severus, as always, wore only Black. Minerva said hello before going to the commentator's box to supervise Bill Weasley, not that Bill ever really needed supervision. He was exceptionally well-behaved. "Good morning, Hogwarts!" Bill said, and the crowd responded with a roar. "Conditions are good this morning, with the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff teams making their way to the center of the pitch. Maximilian Redfriend and Jon Middleton are shaking hands, their final faceoff as both are about to graduate. Easily the two best Chasers currently at Hogwarts, these two are about to up a solid fight." Jon and Max shook hands, looking at each other fiercely. It was all showmanship, Lydia knew. The boys were actually very good friends. "A little on the sunny side today, unusual for this match-up. That should favor Gryffindor Seeker, Charlie Weasley, who is used to brighter conditions during his matches. McKenzie Oakfoot has been Seeking longer, however, and experience could come into play." Lydia shifted in her seat, squinting to get a better look at Izabella Oakfoot, who had taken her place at the far posts. "There's the whistle, and they're off. Gryffindor's got possession. Redfriend to Rosetti, back to Redfriend. Medea Rosetti played Seeker last year, but after getting glasses has opted to play Chaser and give the job to Weasley. Back to Rosetti, rushing the Hufflepuff posts now. And Izabella Oakfoot makes a save, snatching the ball out of the air. Vance retrieves it from his Keeper and is flying back toward the center of the pitch. Good try for Rosetti." Lydia watched as Vance passed to Jon, who very nearly beat the Gryffindor Keeper, but she managed to get her fingertips on it and knock the Quaffle off course enough to bounce off the ring. She then snatched it out of the air and punched it forward quite a ways to Laurence Sandoval-Guerrero. "That was just a sampling of the skill of new Keeper, Mortimerson," Bill was saying. "She comes by it honestly, her older sister doing a remarkably good job in the roll for years. That's a foul!" Lydia was sitting forward as well. Charlie Weasley had shot forward, and in desperation the Hufflepuff Beater, Dobromir Basiliv, had grabbed onto his broom to try to slow him. A penalty was awarded to Gryffindor, and Max took the Quaffle, lining up to take the shot. Lydia held her breath, wondering how many people in the stands knew that Max and Izabella had secretly dated for some time the year before. McKenzie surely knew, and the nervous look on her face as she watched her sister face off with her ex had to be in part because of that. Max knew her well, and he sank the Quaffle in the far right post, knowing she expected him to go left. "Redfriend scores! Gryffindor ten, Hufflepuff nil!" Lydia watched as Gryffindor scored three more goals, Hufflepuff managing two against the admittedly talented Leea Mortimerson. "Bludger narrowly misses McKenzie Oakfoot, nails Jon Middleton right in the shoulder, whistle is blown." Jon used his other arm to wave off Madam Hooch, indicating that he was well enough to continue play. But he wasn't. Lydia knew he wasn't going to be able to score with his right arm when it was hanging like that. Everett looked guilty, but Severus was incredibly smug. She would have to chastise him for being pleased at a student's injury, but for the moment she was too nervous to bother with him. With Jon confined to his left hand, Hufflepuff really didn't stand a chance Gryffindor scored three more goals, and then Charlie Weasley and McKenzie Oakfoot dove for the Snitch. McKenzie was just a little bit too slow of a flier. Against any other Seeker at Hogwarts she was superb, but Charlie was clearly something special. He had never really been suited as a Keeper, but when his hand closed around the Snitch, signaling the end of the game, Lydia stood and cheered, knowing that he'd found his element. Lydia walked back to the castle, back to their quarters, with Severus, who was still remarkably smug. "Careful looking so pleased," she teased him. "People might think you're happy to see Gryffindor win." The smirk was replaced with a scowl that lasted the rest of the way. When Lydia closed the door and crossed to make tea, Severus said, "You're not going to congratulate me for being right, are you?" "Never thought you needed recognition," she said, smirking at him. "Seeking a bit of attention, are we?" His black eyes narrowed. "That isn't funny." "I thought it was," she said, trying not to laugh at the outrage on his face. He crossed to her in three swift steps, sweeping her up in his arms and pressing his lips to hers almost violently. "The kettle is going to go off," she said mildly between kisses. "Who fucking cares?" he growled, and she giggled as he pushed her into their bedroom, his fingers already fumbling to undo the clasp of her robes. Lydia shivered as his fingers brushed her skin, and she allowed him to unbutton her shirt, shrugging it off when he finished. If this was the reward she received for his winning Quidditch bets, she thought as he pressed kisses down her throat before pushing her bra aside and taking her left breast into his mouth, then perhaps she would have to find a way to lose more often. Her mind was a bit cloudy, but she was already thinking of bets she could make to lose this season, next season, whatever season she could. She might start by betting that Slytherin was going to lose the House Cup this year. She was almost guaranteed to win that one. And then his teeth got involved, and she lost her train of thought entirely. A/N: Review Prompt: As we close in on the 700th review, I've made a decision for future review rewards, and other rewards. Today's prompt is you telling me what you would want as review reward if you were to win at any point. I'm going to write these down in my story notes, so that I can GIVE YOU WHAT YOU WANT. :D If you need ideas, in past I've given combinations of coupons for my novella, the right to a spoiler, the right to ask me any one thing (at all about anything) which usually amounts to a spoiler. I'm also open to writing your real name into the story, or requests for a one-shot dedicated to you. More than one idea? Go ahead and list them all! Let your imagination go crazy. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to Nik1804, a reader and reviewer for this story whose interest has been a refreshing reminder how frustrating the writing process can be. Support your favorite authors (even if that's not me)! Their hard work has one reward: your reviews. Don't assume someone else will do it! Also, a few bits of the Occlumency lesson are courtesy of ideas from Liz Merryfeather, NanamiYatsumaki, and That Punk Rock Fandom Chick. Thanks for the input y'all have given on these lessons! -C "Legilimens." Lydia felt her wall crumble with very little pressure, but that wasn't what she was practicing today. As the wall came down she was in Hogsmeade at night, Remus before her. She was rolling forward onto the balls of her feet and his mouth was closer, so close. She felt a strange urge both to kiss him and to kill him, and she recalled that this was not real. She focused on the vase in her office, the pattern of the roses painted on it, the coolness of the china beneath her fingers. The scene dissolved as her lips touched Remus's, and the desire and hatred coursing through her carried over into her office, which had formed around her. A recent memory, helping Bill and Doran as they tried to organize the agenda for next week's Arithmacy Club. "I suppose we could certainly be friendlier to the third years," Bill said reasonably. "It wouldn't do any harm to older students to review basic concepts." "Especially as a lot of them still don't understand," Doran said, smirking. Lydia felt amusement, glancing at the vase, nodding and saying that she thought there were a few things in particular the students could benefit from. She pulled a small slip of parchment from her desk: notes for this meeting. Suddenly, she felt something tugging at her, the scene dissolving into a new one, and she realized Severus was dragging her to a different memory. Her birthday, sixth year. She was with her friends, the girls and the Marauders, and she and Remus were cleaning up. He was telling her that he hadn't bought her anything, but that he did have a present for her. He took a step closer. Lydia could feel her breath leaving her, could vaguely feel Severus's disdain somewhere, but she felt the warmth of Remus's lips on hers before she forced herself to think of the vase again. She focused on the way it smelled before she put flowers in it, the pottery sort of smell. The scene dissolved, and a new one returned, but this was her old office, the office before she had it redecorated. She felt strangely unfocused, sleepy, contented, peaceful, and the longer she lingered in this memory, the taste of sweetened tea in her mouth, the more that sensation covered her. Uncertainty licked at her belly, but it was unimportant compared with the peace she felt as a woman's voice said things softly, things about how natural it was to relax, not to worry. Lydia was back in the kitchens before she realized what was happening, and she saw the anxiety in Severus's eyes as he checked her eyes, her pulse. "How do you feel?" he pressed. They had been at it for nearly the entire lunch break, and that was going to be their last go before heading back to classes. It was clear to Lydia that Severus was nervous about sending her to class after that memory. "A little disoriented, but I'll be fine," she assured him. "We are going to think of something other than the vase," he said firmly. "That can't happen again." Although she hadn't ever fully, consciously thought it, Lydia felt relieved to find that Severus did not think her a fool after seeing this memory. She had expected, subconsciously, that he thought her weak and foolish for falling for the things she had fallen for with Dalia, for letting someone take that kind of advantage over her. She didn't want Severus to think less of her for what had happened. To her relief, however, he seemed to take it very seriously, to consider that Dalia was a very great threat and that Lydia was not, in fact, weak and foolish. "Yes, I'll have to think of something more recently acquired," she said, letting her lips twitch thoughtfully. "I have some time, though." He nodded, still watching her carefully. The sad part was that if not for the memory of Dalia, he would no doubt have thought her foolish for the memories of kisses with Remus. When they were in her memories, Severus could not fully hide from her his disdain for her feelings for Remus, and any expressions of them. In some ways, the reactions to the memories with Remus felt stronger than the few there had been of brief moments with Sirius. Longer, more intimate moments with Sirius seemed to incite blinding white rage, but smaller moments were hardly important to Severus. Small moments with Remus were far worse. "You are sure you feel well enough for class?" he pressed. "There is likely someone who can cover if you don't feel up to it." "Sev, I'm fine," she said, trying not to sound irritated. "My fourth years need my attention today. We're starting some new material, and I know a few of them are going to struggle." He hummed his acknowledgement of her wishes, but he didn't stop checking her vital signs before the end of the lunch period, looking for some kind of excuse for her to have to take a rest. Finally, Lydia took his hand and said, "Sev, the last thing I need right now is to be alone with my own thoughts, or Merlin forbid, to sleep. I need to be in class. You have my full permission to do a thorough check of me when we're finished for the day, but this is something I need to do. Alright?" Severus still seemed reluctant, but he seemed more willing to let her go after this, kissing her forehead before they left the kitchen, with plenty of time for her to make it to her classroom before her students. Still, Nymphadora Tonks beat her there, looking sheepish, a look that did not suit her Black features, Lydia thought ruefully. "Good afternoon, Tonks," she said, calling the girl by her surname, as requested. Lydia could hardly blame her for not wanting to be called Nymphadora. "Hello, professor," the girl responded, shifting on her feet slightly, obviously trying to prepare her body for a room full of desks as Lydia opened the door. Fighting between anxiety and amusement, Lydia let Nymphadora Tonks into the classroom. "Did you have something you wanted to discuss with me, Tonks?" "Ah, no, professor," Tonks said slowly. "I…I was hoping to get to my chair without everybody watching." Lydia said nothing, crossing to her own desk, trying not to brace herself for the impact, but it was hard not to steel herself. Sure enough, there was a minor catastrophe. Tonks did not collide with anything too badly this time, but she managed to trip over air, stumbling forward, jamming her right ankle, and then on the way down hitting her left knee hard against the nearest desk. She yelped as she hit the ground, and Lydia hurried to her side, pulling out her wand to check the damage. "You're alright," Lydia said gently, her internal voice laughing hysterically about how all that time caring for Sirius Black had informed her to care for his cousin's daughter on the floor of her classroom. She certainly couldn't say that out loud. "Here, I can fix this, if you'd like. No one has to know, including Madam Pomfrey." "Really?" Tonks asked, eager and impressed. "Please." Lydia carefully dealt with the damage to the knee before turning to the swelling and irritation and pressure at the ankle. "There you go," she said, smiling. "Now, there will be some bruising. If you drop by my office tomorrow morning, I have a paste I can introduce you to. Given Professor Snape's praise, you may be ready to start making it yourself." Tonks flushed with pride and shrugged, thanking Lydia as she helped her back to her feet before she went to her seat, pulling out her books. Lydia went to her own desk, continuing to unpack. "Professor," Tonks said, lifting her head and looking a bit sheepish, "I…. Over the break I found an old family album, and your pictures were in it." Lydia felt her own neck flushing red. "You knew Sirius Black, didn't you?" After a brief pause, Lydia said, "This is a conversation for tomorrow morning, if you feel the need. For now, I'll just say that he and I were in the same year in the same House. It would have been more difficult not to be photographed with him. But apparently, I didn't know him very well." Tonks nodded, apologizing as the students began filing in, but Lydia shook her head, gesturing for the girl not to worry about it. Only, Lydia's arms and knees felt weak as she wondered how many of her students had old family albums with pictures of her and Sirius. It couldn't just be this one student. "Good afternoon," she said to the class as a whole as they sat down. "You've had your essays back for several days now, and you all should have read the new chapter. Today we're going to bridge our last chapter to this new one, and I recognize that many of you are going to have questions. It's perfectly alright if after reading that last chapter you don't understand. Some of you will, but let's be honest, we can all agree it wasn't very clearly written, can't we?" The class murmured agreement, including Charlie Weasley, who had sat beside Tonks, probably thinking Lydia couldn't see the charmed parchment he was using to pass notes with his friend while pretending to take notes. Lydia pretended not to see. They weren't causing a disruption, and both of them clearly had a better understanding of this unit than anyone else in the class with the exception of the Phelps brothers in the row of Ravenclaws. "Who wants to be brave and ask the first question?" Lydia said. The students blinked at her. "C'mon, let's not be shy. It can be any question to get us started, as long as we can all see how it relates to the unit." After a brief bit of hesitation, Dan Middleton stuck his hand up from the seat in front of Tonks and said, "Is this going to be really important for our O.W.L.s?" Weak laughter filled the room, including Lydia's. The fact was, Lydia would be willing to bet that Dan took more after Everett – who wasn't taking her class in the first place – than his eldest brother, Jon. If Dan managed to pass his O.W.L., she very strongly believed that he wouldn't want to continue her class, anyway. "Yes, it is," she said. "Any other questions of this nature before we start in?" Zhana Blane, one of her more promising Slytherin students, raised her hand and said, "Did the bloke writing the book know what he was saying in this chapter? Because it doesn't seem like he did." Lydia's lips twitched as she fought a grin. "I have a policy I inherited from Professor McGonagall," she said with a conspiratorial wink. "I never speak ill of a colleague." More laughter, and then Lydia began to prompt the class into the sorts of questions she felt were more useful for them. It was a productive day in class, and several students who were clearly nervous after their essay results and reading the new chapter seemed to feel better. But Lydia, she was nervous for the following morning, knowing she would have to find a way to answer hard questions from Nymphadora Tonks, that she would have to face down those familiar gray eyes and try to keep her dignity. Maybe she could convince Severus she wasn't well enough to leave their quarters in the morning, to buy herself more time. But she knew that wouldn't be fair as she went back to their quarters after classes, already trying to form a script for the face-off the following morning. "How was class?" Severus asked, pouring tea when she walked in and kicked off her shoes. She tossed her bag onto the ground beside the sofa before sitting down, waiting for him to bring the tea over. "We accomplished plenty," she sighed. She muttered thanks as he passed her the cooled cup of tea, and she leaned forward so he could wrap an arm around her as he sat down with his own steaming cup of tea. "They're still so nervous about this material, though." "Should they be?" he asked, pressing his lips to her neck rather than to his teacup. "For now," she admitted, shifting her neck to give him better access to her skin as he kissed up to her jaw. "Some of them may not be able to get over the fear." "Then they don't belong in Arithmancy, do they?" Lydia pouted. She liked to believe that everyone belonged in Arithmancy, even if only up to O.W.L. level. If Sirius Black and Lily Evans managed to pass the Arithmancy O.W.L., anyone could with proper application as far as she was concerned. She gasped in surprise, nearly spilling tea all over herself as Severus sank his teeth lightly into her neck where the skin of her neck met her jaw, just below her ear. He hardly ever bit, and after everything that happened with Dalia he'd been very careful with his teeth. He began to suck on the tender spot, taking the cup from her hands and placing it on the side table before pulling her closer, smirking against her skin as she tried to give him better access to her neck. Lydia felt her fingers in his hair before she realized she lifted her hand. She sighed, slightly frustrated as his lips left her skin, but she was pleased, almost satisfied as he turned her head to touch his lips to hers. He must have felt confident that she was well, she mused, smiling against his lips as his fingers danced up her chest, unclasping her robes and pushing them aside to run his hands along her breasts over the fabric of her blouse. She arched her back, feeling the fabric strain over her breasts, beneath his hands, and she enjoyed the low, almost growling sound that came from his throat at this shift. She pressed her lips to his, opening her mouth to let in his tongue, marveling for a moment as she nearly always did on how cool his mouth was against hers. His hands undid several buttons with steady, measured motions, and his cool hand slipped between the fabric of her shirt and the fabric of her bra, tracing her breast over the lace fabric. Her fingers twitched in his hair as his nail scraped the tip of her nipple through the scratchy lace. She sighed into his mouth, the sound gone as soon as it left her lips. Severus pulled his lips from hers and rested his forehead on her forehead. She sighed again as he pinched and rolled her nipple between cool fingers, still through the lace fabric of her bra. "Do you have grading that needs to be finished?" he asked, his voice low and demanding, the voice that told her he didn't expect her to be doing any creative input. "No," she said, her voice breathy and weak. "You're quite certain?" Lydia nodded, feeling a bead of sweat rolling down the back of her neck. His hand let go of her breast and she whimpered, but then she felt it slide her bra out of the way, taking her bare breast in his hand, squeezing gently. She'd lost track of breathing, but she thought she might still be doing it. She lost track of essentially everything in the world except for the points where Severus's skin touched hers. "Go into the bedroom," he said in that voice, that low, dangerous voice. "The tea will be here later." Lydia had quite forgotten about the tea, and she hardly processed what he said past telling her to go to the bedroom. She did what she so often did: as she was told. Severus did not follow immediately, but this didn't bother her. She shed the robes he had unclasped, but she kept her half undone blouse on. Lydia caught sight of herself in the window, and she crossed to examine the mark on her neck in the windowpane. It wasn't a perfect reflection, but she did wonder why he had done it. She would have to wear her hair down until it healed. She didn't have any collars high enough to cover that spot. As she ran her finger over the mark, Severus finally followed her into the room, closing the door behind him. She turned to look at him, and instead of the intensity she'd seen in him earlier, he was almost uncertain. "Does it bother you?" he asked, nodding toward the hand that was still touching the mark. "No," she said, crossing to him, letting her hand drop from the mark. "I was just thinking of how to cover it in class." He hummed, leaning down to press his face to her neck once more as she wrapped her arms around him. His arms hesitated, but then he ran them up her back, pulling her closer. For a long string of moments they just stood there, her shirt half undone, her bra uncomfortably pushed to the side of one breast, their arms wrapped around each other, his face on her neck. Lydia wanted to know what he was thinking, but she knew him well enough not to bother asking. Instead, she reached up to run her fingers through his hair until he began placing kisses on her skin again. Once he began the kisses, she closed her eyes, letting his lips trace up to her lips as he backed her into the bed. One step at a time. A/N: Review Prompt: If Severus were an ice lolly, what flavor do you think he would be? (Not what he would eat, what he would BE) -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer LadyFelton1994, who should reach it soon. She hit chapter 100 yesterday, so fingers crossed! I know some of you will be annoyed with me after this chapter. I'm prepared. Hit me with your worst. ;) Btw, thanks for the people who assigned Sev with an ice lolly flavor. I'm thinking black cherry, personally, but there were some really great options, and lemon almost stole my heart. But then I couldn't eat him, so…. -C She thanked Merlin dozens of times between letting Remus into her office and sitting down with him and two freshly made cups of tea. Thanking that he stopped by here after finding her quarter empty, thanking that he caught her before she left for Severus's quarters to catch him before the meeting, thanking that Remus was actually sitting across from her in the flesh, and he seemed in somewhat good spirits. Remus thanked her for the tea, and glanced over her shoulder at the window looking out onto the grounds. "This is a lovely office," he said, smiling to himself. "I remember it not being inhabited when we were students." "I daresay you used in once or twice," she teased. His lips twitched and he said, "A lot more than once or twice. Sirius claimed this as our base of operations as of fifth year. We planned most of our greatest pranks here." She raised her eyebrows and he said, "Well, we couldn't plan them in the Tower, Lydia. If Lily ever had the nerve to walk in to chide one of us it would all be for nothing." Lydia nodded, frowning slightly as she looked at her cooling tea. She'd been sitting in this very seat not two weeks ago, trying to think of what to say to Nymphadora Tonks about Sirius. "Is something wrong?" he asked, placing his hand over hers. Lydia looked at their hands for a long moment before looking up at his perfect amber eyes and smiling a little. "I don't know," she said, shrugging. "I told you I have Andromeda's daughter in my classes?" "You mentioned." "She…she found old photographs, ones with me and Sirius…. She had questions." His eyes were full of pity and guilt, just as with every time she brought up her connection with Sirius. Maybe he did have some blame in her first being with Sirius, but he could hardly be held responsible for her staying so long. "What did you say?" he asked kindly. Lydia shrugged, rubbing her eyes, regretting the motion as soon as she realized it made his hand leave hers. "I told her that we were in the same House, in the same year. He was intelligent, charming, a bit lazy, mischievous." Lydia shivered. "I told her he always had a mean streak, but that it was usually reserved for Slytherins, so I never imagined…." Her voice caught in her throat and she quickly took a drink of tea. She closed her eyes and remembered with ease the lines of scars across his back, as they had been when she first slept with him and as they were the night before he left to betray Lily and James. So many new scars. Perhaps she should have known. How many were really from fighting, and how many were inflicted by the Dark Lord? Maybe part of him needed that sort of life, the part of him that she knew had somewhat regretted running away, putting all the pressure on his brother's shoulders. He didn't leave because he couldn't take it anymore. He left because he didn't want to take it anymore. And he'd left Regulus alone. "Andromeda and Ted were always practical, intelligent people," Remus said steadily. "If anyone would understand a level assessment of Sirius, it would be their daughter. She doesn't know…?" Lydia shook her head. "Then there's nothing to worry about. I honestly doubt they would tell their daughter that one of her professors had a relationship with Sirius." Lydia nodded, taking a long drink of tea, feeling a tension in the air that hadn't been there when he came in. Somehow in talking about Sirius it had settled on them, and she wished it would go away. "I wish I could stay longer," she said, smiling nervously. "There's a staff meeting I have to go to, though." "Yes, Albus mentioned," he said, scratching his chin. "It's fine. I know you're very busy. I just…hadn't seen you in months and I wanted to see you with my own eyes. Make sure you were alright before I…." She sat straighter, leaning forward. "Before you what?" she demanded. His face darkened for a moment before he said, "I'm going to North America for a while. Albus thought it best. A couple of months, maybe more. Don't worry." Lydia stood as he stood, a pit of fear forming in her stomach. "Remus, what's happened?" "It's just a precaution." "Remus…." "There are some changes in registration coming through. Albus is trying to block them when it comes to the Wizengamot, but there are no guarantees. Public sentiment is…. It's just a precaution." She could feel her hands beginning to shake. "I'll come with you," she said, terrified of what might happen if these laws went through. "Lydia, don't be stupid," he said, and she blinked taking a small step back at his tone. "You have classes, a life here. You can't just pick up and leave." She shook her head, horrified, and she took a step forward, voicing what she had hoped she wouldn't have to. "But what if…what if you can't come back?" she asked, her voice small, sounding as though it came from somewhere outside of her. He took a deep breath, looked her directly in the eye, and said, "Well, then I won't come back. And this would be goodbye. Merlin knows you would be better off. Maybe I'll ask Albus to let the bill through after all. Good day." He turned on his heel and left the rest of his tea sitting on her desk but she hardly noticed the tea. She called after him, but he had already disappeared when she stepped into the corridor. No doubt a shortcut, she mused bitterly, gathering her things for the staff meeting. He knew every nook and cranny of that castle. Lydia couldn't get the sound of his voice out of her head as she walked down to the staff meeting, the bitterness and anger he'd used, the words he had used…. It was almost like he was a different person. But it was him. It was certainly Remus, and she felt overwhelmed. She sat beside Severus at the meeting, not wanting to look in his eyes after everything that had only just happened. She was feeling such a terrifying mix of emotions that she couldn't even begin to process. She had half a mind to tell Albus she wasn't well and couldn't attend the meeting, but that would bring questions. Questions from Albus, anyway, and likely Minerva. Albus would know. Even know, surely he knew, smiling at her with that kind smile. Did he think this would make her feel better, that this would be like some kind of closure if he didn't manage to block the new laws? She didn't think she had ever been angrier with Albus, and she was already imagining ways of making him pay for her suffering. But none of them seemed to fit her pain. "Now," Albus said as Severus slipped his hand in hers under the table. Could he feel the sweat on her palms, the tremble in her fingers that seemed completely out of her control? Could he sense the tension in her body? "Exam preparations. Lydia, let's start with you, since I believe there will be very little for your preparations." Lydia looked up at him, burning with anger. She wanted to hit him, to scream at him, to break his glasses at the very least. Anything that might make her feel less helpless. "My previous exams will be used as a model for this years' exams," she said. "I plan to begin writing them next week. My office hours will run as they do every year, and Bill Weasley and I have agreed to double the Arithmancy Club meetings, with me attending half of them for extra accessibility, and peer support." "Very good," he said brightly. "That sounds wonderful. Minerva, is there anything you need this year?" Lydia was looking at the table as Minerva placed her order, thinking of the look in Remus's eyes just before he turned and left, the strange mix of fear and anger and vulnerability that she had never seen before. Perhaps he really thought he wasn't coming back. Did he really want this to be their parting, those angry words, no physical touch, just a "good day," and running away? Her chest began to ache. "Let me see," Albus said, looking over the notes he had jotted down. "Two dozen kettles, preferably copper plated, and a dozen standard sized egg cups, patternless." "Precisely," Minerva said. "I will have a chat with the kitchens. We may have these on hand," Albus said brightly. "Valerius, do you have a sense of what you will need for the practical portion of your exams?" Valerius sat a bit straighter, smiling his distant smile. "Mainly they will be practicing spellwork either with me or on objects I have already in my classroom, but I will need a bit of help from a colleague before the sixth year exams. It's the last block of the week, and after looking at it, I believe Lydia is free, if she would be willing to help me." Lydia blinked, pulling herself out of her angry reverie to address being all but volunteered. "What would it require?" she asked "I'm not very good at dueling." "Nothing like that," he said, smiling absently. "No, no, just reinforcement of a shield charm. Very basic. Just requires an extra wand." Albus looked at Lydia expectantly. She'd never been brilliant at shield charms, but she could do a simple reinforcement easily enough. "Sure," she said, shrugging. "I can put that in my schedule." Albus said how excellent it all was and moved on to Muggle Studies professor Charity Burbage, a woman Lydia liked fine but didn't see much of as she didn't actually live on the grounds, but in the nearest Muggle village on the other side of the mountains. She would Apparate to Hogsmeade every morning and go straight to her classroom. She only ate lunch and required feasts at the castle, and only lingered for staff meetings. Lydia often thought that sort of life must be exhausting, but Charity seemed to prefer it to living surrounded by magic all the time, as a woman who grew up Muggle-born and worked with the Muggle community regularly. The other professors discussed their plans and their needs one by one, and Lydia stopped listening very quickly. Her mind was torn, all over the place, bouncing from the feel of Remus's hand on hers to the curious look Nymphadora Tonks's eyes as Lydia tried to find the words to say about Sirius Black that told the truth but not too much of it. It bounced to her own experiences learning shield charms and the frustration that they were never good enough to hold out her friends' spells, then to the silky voice of Severus beside her telling Albus what he would need for his practical exams. Albus then said a few words to wrap up, his usual words of encouragement, a reminder that he would be there if they needed him, and a brief note on when the next staff meeting was scheduled for those who had difficulty keeping track of such things, like Kettleburn. Then they were dismissed. Severus let go of her hand, leading her back to their quarters, immediately making them tea. Lydia thought of the tea, the two unfinished and likely stone-cold cups of tea sitting on her desk. "We don't need to do this now," he said, sitting across from her, setting a cup of tea on the table before her. "Hmm?" "We were meant to have an Occlumency lesson, but your mind seems…occupied. If you would prefer to wait, perhaps do some grading or rest…." Lydia picked up her tea, breathing in the steam off it, recalling with alarming ease the exact inflections of Remus's voice as he said she was being stupid. The word was not a particularly harsh one, but it sounded so vile on Remus's usually pleasant tongue. She couldn't recall him ever using the word before, for anyone. "Give me a moment," she said, taking a deep drink. "Just…just a minute to clear my head. Will…will alcohol effect the process?" He blinked at her, surprised, but he said, "As much as it would any mental process. Your mind will be less inhibited, and you may find it more difficult to refocus or to keep me out. I wouldn't advise it." "I expected as much," she muttered. "Let me shower and then we can try." Severus said nothing, watching her down the tea in a few deep gulps before leaving their sitting room, going straight into the bathroom. Lydia pulled her clothes off hastily, stepping into a too-cold shower and not bothering to adjust the temperature. She focused on the feeling of the water on her skin, on calming her anger and frustration and the pain in her chest that didn't seem to dull. She took deep breaths, pushing them in and out rhythmically, telling herself that Albus would abolish the laws and everything would be fine. Remus would come home. He would apologize as he always did. Perhaps he would even say he missed her, perhaps even realize that it would be too easy for them to be separated for ever and that there was no point pushing her away anymore. Yes, she told herself, feeling the rush of excitement at that thought. This could be a good thing. Maybe this was what he needed to realize just how much he didn't want to lose her. A few deep breaths later she found she was able to visualize her wall and maintain the image for longer than a few seconds. It would do. She turned off the shower, dried and dressed in a loose, comfortable nightgown, coming back out to the sofa where Severus was drinking tea and watching the fireplace thoughtfully. "You feel better?" he asked as she smoothed the nightgown over her legs. "Yes." "Very well." He took out his wand, meeting her eyes with his dark ones, unreadable but clearly pushing aside some thought he had been wrestling with. She called the wall to mind, reinforcing it. "Legilimens." Lydia struggled to keep up the wall, to hold it in place, but she could feel Severus pressing against it, searching for a weak point. Every place she could feel his pressure she reinforced, but she knew it was only a matter of time. Almost as soon as that thought occurred to her, the wall crumbled. Instead of a single memory, however, she found herself in a flurry of thoughts and feelings and moments, moving more quickly than she knew what to do with. She was in her office and Remus was looking at her with pity and she felt annoyance and pain at that look in his eyes. He felt guilty about Sirius. And then she was lying in bed, Severus sleeping beside her, in their bedroom at Spinner's End. She had woken from a nightmare and her pulse was still racing. She took deep breaths to calm herself. No need to wake or worry Severus. And she was lying on the floor of the Gryffindor common room with friends, wrapped up in Sirius Black's arms. She could see Remus sitting on a chair but she couldn't extract herself from Sirius, whose erection was easy to feel against her. She felt mortified at the way Remus looked at her, like he knew. And she sat on the floor of her flat, three weeks after Lily and James's death, an empty bottle of gin beside her, all consumed in one sitting. She had half a mind to find another somewhere because the ache inside of her wouldn't go away. She wanted to talk to Lily, to sort this out, but Lily was gone. And Sirius wasn't going to come through that door, because he was in prison. And she hadn't heard from Remus, although apparently he was fine. And where was Severus? Yes, he was at school. He had a life. He had people around him. He didn't need her. She was alone, and she couldn't even lift herself off the floor to find a fresh bottle of gin. And she was alone in the dormitory, hugging her knees to her chest, burning with shame at the way they had all looked at her. A simple set of spells, something they'd all learned the year before. Any second year could Disarm. Basic shields, the simple deflection charms they had learned at the end of last year and began this year…. Artemis looked so sheepish when she injured and Disarmed Lydia in front of everyone. She hadn't even really been trying, and everyone knew it, including the professor. Everyone knew how pathetic Lydia was. A knock on the door and Lydia checked that the curtains around her bed were closed. "Lydia?" Lily's voice said through the door. "Are you feeling better?" Lydia held her breath, trembling, not wanting Lily to hear even a sniffle, praying her friend would think she was asleep. Lily sighed after a moment and whispered, "I'm sorry Artemis, I think she's sleeping. Tell Remus she'll be fine." "But she's not," Artemis hissed. "I didn't mean to, Lily, I promise!" "We know. She knows. C'mon, let's let her sleep." Lydia was sitting on the sofa still, her hands shaking. She didn't realize she was crying until Severus brushed tears from her eyes. She felt weak, helpless, achy. She could still feel the sting of that injury that happened nearly fifteen years ago, the pain of feeling, well, stupid. "I'm fine," she lied as Severus touched her arm. He said nothing. He just watched her as she tried not to cry, and when she finally allowed him to hold her she curled into his side and cried herself to sleep silently. He said nothing all night. A/N: Review Prompt: Bets on how long it will take for Remus to make a verbal or corporeal appearance in another chapter? This doesn't count mentions of him by Lydia or Severus or Albus. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, bunnyboo154. Welcome to the family! Also, very interesting, the range of difference on when you think Remus is coming back into things, everywhere from three months to two years. I love the wishful thinkers in the bunch. ;) Also, some of our Occlumency here was brought to you courtesy of comments from s8xyvriska, NanamiYatsumaki, and Andrea McCleary! Cheers, all. -C Severus let something stew for about a week before finally confronting Lydia, and by that point she was baffled why he was so upset with her. She ran through her day, trying to think of something that could have offended him, and she came up with nothing. "Sev," she said, watching how tense he was. "Can you just tell me what's wrong?" He clenched his fingers into fists and sat down not beside her, but across from her, and she began to feel nervous. "Your memories," he said, his jaw tight. "You saw Remus." "Was I supposed to drop everything to tell you that he dropped by?" she said, flabbergasted. "Blame Albus. He's the one who let him into the castle." "He upset you again." Severus's voice was the dark voice, the dangerous one that was just a little too calm to be a good thing. A shiver went up her spine. "It's fine," she said. "Really, Sev, I'm fine." She wasn't fine yet, but she was improving and she knew that eventually it would be. Severus, however, wasn't pleased. He leaned forward, his eyes narrowing. "Lydia, I saw more than I think you realize." She swallowed, looking at her knees. She knew what he was about to say but she wished he wouldn't. "You would have left me, wouldn't you?" He was calm. Too calm. "You would have picked up, left your classes, left your students, left me, and gone to North America if he had said yes." Lydia balled her own fingers into fists, squeezing, feeling sick for a moment. Because she would have done it, she would have left and she didn't want to think what was going to happen to Severus if she had left. She looked up at him slowly, but he was still glaring at her. "You really think Albus would have let you go so easily?" When she thought about it, she had a feeling he would have. She suspected he might have brought Remus around with the hope that he would take her with him. He seemed to be a bit uncomfortable with the idea of her being with Severus. Why, she didn't know, but every time she went back to Spinner's End he would give her a thoughtful, disapproving look. "I'm here," she said softly. "I'm right here. What more do you want from me?" "You would leave," he said, sitting up straight. "You would leave me." "Like you wouldn't leave me if it were the other way around," she hissed. "If Lily were here and Remus gone, you would leave me in a heartbeat, Sev." His jaw tightened. "That's different." He was right. Lily would never, ever leave. He would never separate their group, if it came to that. But Severus would have left in a heartbeat if Lily had ever asked, so where Lydia was concerned, it was the same. "No," she said, standing. "I'm here. I'm going to be here. I can't say that I'll never leave because I don't know what life is going to deal me. D'you think I ever planned to come to Hogwarts? D'you think I expected my life to be what it is? If a chance ever came for me to be with Remus, d'you think I can say now that I wouldn't take it? He said no. He left me here. And yes, it hurts. It's not the first time." His jaw was still tight. He was still angry. But Lydia told herself that it wasn't her he was angry at. His pride was hurt, and she did feel bad that he had to see it, but she didn't regret asking to go with Remus. She didn't regret trying. Severus could hardly blame her, all the times he begged her to speak to Lily on his behalf. "He may never come back, Severus," she said softly, smoothing her robes out. "And I'm sure you'd be thrilled." His jaw twitched and he said, "Would you go after him if the law goes through?" Her neck jerked back. She hadn't said anything about the law, and based on where the memory started she didn't think he knew, either, from the memory. Albus told him. He knew about the law from Albus. No doubt he had been told that Remus was leaving the country, not that Remus would be coming around to see her before he left. Anger built up in her belly. "I don't know," she said, a little more harshly than she would have done if she'd taken a few minutes to calm herself. "Would you throw a bloody celebration if werewolf rights were restricted? Because I'm not sure I could stay here, with you, knowing you would be that vindictive. Remus hasn't done anything to you, Sev. Why do you hate him so much?" "Hasn't he?" he said darkly. "Never mind that he tried to kill me, Lydia. Do you think it's easy for me to see you like you were when he left? Do you think it does nothing to me, watching you in pain?" Lydia's nostrils flared and she had half a mind to threaten to move back in to her own quarters again, just to take a break. He was clearly not rational if he was bringing up Sirius's attempt to kill him at fifteen and blaming it on Remus again. She just shook her head and went into the bedroom, curling up on their bed and holding her breath for the most part, not wanting to breathe in his scent. She could hear a small bang and she gritted her teeth, knowing he was taking out his frustrations on the furniture. He would mend everything before she had a chance to see it, but she really didn't care. If it made him feel better and he didn't feel guilty for it, that was what mattered. It took some time before Severus and Lydia really sat down to talk properly, and they did it over a rather large piece of cake he set down on top of her essays, sitting down across from her and looking a bit defeated. "I'm glad you're not leaving," he said, picking up her hand after she set down her quill, kissing it. "Happy birthday, Lydia." She blinked at him slowly, looking down at the cake. Not exactly an apology, but still. It was easier to talk when he put that large of a piece of cake in front of her, certainly. "I'm not leaving," she said with a small nod. "D'you want a bite?" He shook his head, watching her as she took a bite of the cake. He hadn't been around when she opened her presents that morning, but there hadn't been one from Remus. Maybe it would be difficult for him to get one to her, but she would have liked a letter or a card or something of the sort. It all just felt too final. She got about halfway through the cake when he said, "You're not doing any more marking tonight." "But I told the students I would have it ready for them for Monday," she said, frowning. "You'll have time later," he said, lifting her hand again, this time kissing her wrist. "But not tonight." Lydia's lips twitched with frustration, but she agreed, turning back to the cake. There were worse things than Severus telling her not to do work. Who was she to fight this wonderful thing? As soon as the cake was gone he vanished the plate and said to clean up her things and meet him back in their quarters when she'd finished. As she was told, Lydia gathered up her things, stuffing essays into her bag, trying not to think of the disaster that was Lulu Mortimerson's essay, and how she was possibly going to get this girl ready for exams in the short amount of time left. Instead, Lydia focused on the lingering taste of cake in her mouth all the way back to Severus's quarters. She kicked off her feet and dropped the bag to its usual spot next to the sofa. "Sev?" she called, looking around for a sign of him. "Bedroom," she heard him say, and she shrugged off her robes before going into the bedroom, where Severus had a fresh set of sheets on a nearby chair, his back turned to her as he fiddled with something. "Disrobe," he said without turning around. Lydia blinked. "What?" He turned, crossing to her, kissing her hard, his finger underneath her chin to tilt her head up toward his lips. "Take off," he said slowly, "your clothes." She fought her surprise, but she did as she was told, quickly unbuttoning her top as he went back to whatever he was doing. She carefully undid her trousers and slipped them off, rolling off her socks on a whim, and coming up behind him, tracing fingertips up his back. "What's this all about, then?" she asked. "Lie down," he said gently. "Face down." She wanted to ask him what was going on, not laying down until he told her what was going on, but she trusted him. After all, he'd mainly apologized, without her even pressuring him to. Lydia crawled onto the bed, trying to relax with her face in his pillow, breathing in his smell. She was surprised to feel something cool on her back, before he rubbed it in. "What is that?" she asked. "Don't move," he said firmly. "Relax, Lydia. It's something I've been working on. See if you can guess what's in it from the smell. If you figure it out, I'll reward you." She smirked, folding her arms under her nose to keep from smelling the pillow instead, focusing on the scent of whatever he was rubbing into her back. It started cool and went warm as he massaged it into her shoulders, her sides, down to her lower back, across her bum, her thighs, down the back of her calves, the bottom of her feet, and back up again. Lydia hummed, trying to focus on the smell, but her mind was melting, focusing on the way Severus's fingers felt on her muscles, the strange warmth that followed the massaging of the thing she was supposed to focus on smelling. "Roll over," he whispered in her ear. "Don't worry about the sheets. I'll change them when we're done." Lydia slowly rolled over, smiling at Severus as she watched his chest freeze, his breath catching at the sight of her rolling over. After swallowing, he put a bit more of it on her body, starting up at her shoulders, down to her breasts, where he lingered for a bit longer, caressing them, teasing them, tracing her nipples gently before moving on down her stomach. Closing her eyes, Lydia let his hands and the gel he was using do their work, relaxing with her head back on the pillow. Lavender. She could definitely smell lavender. His fingers rubbed her thighs, working the muscles and exchanging the hard pushes with gentle caresses of her skin. She hoped he would reward her even if she couldn't guess what was in it. "Any guesses?" he asked toward the end, and she shook her head. She told him the few things she could smell, and he tweaked her nose. "You can do better than that, Lydia. Maybe next time. I've drawn a bath for you as well. Go ahead and clean off while I change the sheets." She could smell the same bath he had drawn for her before, with the oils and potions in it that had made her muscles into jelly. Lydia stepped into the bath, already a bit shaky on her feet, and she closed her eyes to enjoy the feel of her muscles unknitting. And she promptly fell asleep. A week later, they had gone back mostly to normal, and Severus was sitting down with her again, brushing a bit of hair out of her eyes. "Ready?" he said softly. Lydia closed her eyes for a moment to bring the wall to mind. She opened them, making certain she could still see the wall, could feel its strength and power before she nodded and looked in his eyes. "Legilimens." The wall was putting up an admirable fight, and Severus struggled to find a way to push it down. He'd tried a few old favorites, but Lydia had learned his ways. She could sense where he was trying to attack it, could almost feel the pressures. She was preparing herself behind the wall for when he did find a new way to break through, pulling up thoughts of tea with him from that morning, something she didn't mind him seeing. Once it was in place she focused her thoughts on the wall again, occasionally thinking of tea to keep the memory in place. Severus tried a new tack, using multiple attacks to draw her attention away from his main focus, a point in the far end of the wall. He broke through into the memory of tea, the smell of their quarters, the taste of tea on her tongue as Severus wrapped his arm around her. He was not interested in this memory, and she could feel him pulling into a different part of her mind, likely a part marked with more anxious memories, ones she wouldn't want him to see. The scene dissolved after a struggle to remain in it, and she recognized with mild horror the sitting room of the Godric's Hollow cottage Lily and James had lived in. There was chill in the air, and she could hear laughter somewhere outside. A glass of champagne in her hand, and Lydia could taste the disgusting liquid on her own breath. Remus was across from her, saying words that Lydia didn't listen to. Their lips were growing closer as they spoke, and she could feel an underlying anger that she knew belonged to Severus as he watched the scene. She tried to pull them back to the memory of drinking tea, but she couldn't focus on any specific part of the memory, nothing strong enough to make the one she was in dissolve, the feel of Remus's lips on her lips, the perfection of sharing his breath. The memory seemed to move in fast motion now, the whole world speeding up as the other boys came in, the look in Sirius's eyes that matched the fury she was feeling from Severus, the way Sirius lunged at a surprisingly defiant Remus, the tussle James pulled her out of the way of. Her hands were shaking with horror, frustration, slight embarrassment at what had happened. Now she felt shame, a shame that hadn't been there on that night. Lydia finally managed to pull Severus back to the memory of tea, but the painful mix of emotions went with them, and the peace that had surrounded the scene before, the satisfaction of the sensations that were within it, were overpowered by his anger and frustration, her fear and horror and shame. She was sitting on the sofa, finding it hard to breathe, and Severus very pointedly did not pull away from her, so forcefully that she knew it had to be with great personal effort. She wished he would have just reacted the way he so clearly wanted to. "You stayed with Black," Severus said softly after a moment. "All of that, and you stayed with Black. Lupin all but claimed you, and then…." "And then he said he shouldn't have and went off on a mission," Lydia said, trying not to sound bitter. "It always comes down to his condition, Sev. Every time he remembers what he is, he forgets what he wants. Every time he thinks of what he wants, he forgets what he is until it's thrust back in his face again." For a brief moment she thought he would apologize, or say something close to an apology. She knew he was pitying her, but she didn't want the pity. She wanted Remus to see himself the way she saw him, to understand that none of that mattered. But if the law went through, it wouldn't matter. He wouldn't come back. And even if she wanted to follow him to North America, it was a big place. How on earth was she supposed to find him now? Perhaps she'd lost him forever. Severus and Lydia sat in silence as they both tried to calm themselves, and maybe fifteen minutes later Severus got up to make them tea. Her hands accepted the cup as he sat down beside her, breathing in the steam happily, glad he didn't cool it for her. "You are making significant improvement," he said softly. "Your ability to block your mind outright is incredibly strong, and I'm pleased that you had a memory ready for me when I broke through. That's something I want you to be able to do without the wall as well, or with a weak wall. Something you need to be able to call up quickly." Lydia nodded. She had questions, but they could wait. They were putting off any further lessons until after the upcoming exams, and she could ask the questions then, when the memory he'd just invaded wasn't so strongly in their minds. She was having a hard time thinking of anything but the look on Sirius's face before he launched himself at Remus. Had he been Dark, even then? Was that fight about her, or something else? She shifted and breathed in her tea and tried to listen to Severus as he explained how to prepare her memories, to organize them for the future. The future was the furthest thing from her concern. A/N: Review Prompt: What do you think Dumbledore is up to, meddling in Lydia's love life? What's his end goal? Some of you speculated on this some time ago, so I thought I'd drag it out again now, more officially. -C
"So, how was that, then?" Lydia asked after the sixth year students cleared out of Valerius's classroom. "I was never renowned for my shield charms." "No, no, it was fine," he said, smiling at her. "Could you help me with something? I have something in my office I need an extra set of hands with, and seeing as you're already here…" Lydia shrugged. She had marking to do, and Severus would be expecting her back soon enough, but she did have a moment, so she followed Valerius up to his office, and she was just opening her mouth to ask what it was he wanted help with when he raised his wand and the world went black. /-/ Lydia opened her eyes, but it was dark, musty, and something covered her mouth. She couldn't move her arms more than a few inches, and she felt hardy ropes around her body. A closet, she realized. She was in a closet, but she couldn't recall how she got here. There was a knock on a door, but it wasn't her door. She realized it must be the door on the other side. A door opened. "Mr. Weasley," Valerius's voice said, and Lydia recalled that he raised his wand at her, but after that she had nothing. She struggled against her binding briefly, trying to figure out what was going on, but she couldn't move enough to get a real sense of a way out. "Is there something I can do for you? You should be at dinner, shouldn't you?" "Professor Snape asked me to check with you what time Professor Rowe left you. She seems to be missing. The Prefects are helping to search the castle." Lydia held her breath at Bill's voice. She was right here! How could she get him to tell Severus that she was here? She tried to make noise, but there must have been some kind of sound shield on her closet. "Professor Rowe? Why, that would have been over an hour ago now, I suppose. Not long after my sixth year exams ended. I'm sure she'll turn up somewhere, Mr. Weasley." Bill did not leave immediately, hesitating before he said, "Yes, sir. Thank you, Professor." The door closed and Lydia continued to struggle as Valerius opened the door, smiling at her, pressing a runic stone like the one he'd given her for Christmas into her hand. "Be calm, my dear. It will all be over soon," he said gently. Lydia did not like the sound of that, but he raised his wand again, and in spite of her twitching and struggling, the world went black again. /-/ Eyes opening again, Lydia was now immobilized, but with her mouth uncovered, under a sky full of stars. The air was cool, but not cold. She was beside the lake, her body on a makeshift kind of altar, Valerius standing above her with a knife, chanting. "You've got to be kidding me," she groaned, but he ignored her, taking the knife and cutting a long line on each arm, putting blood onto the stone he had pressed into her hand, rubbing her blood into the stone and throwing it out into the lake. Lydia shivered, feeling the sting of the wounds on both arms, the ache and stiffness of her body being immobile, and a light headache from dehydration. Any minute, she thought bitterly, her stomach would begin to growl from lack of food. "Oh, Lord of Chaos," he said, finally speaking in English, "take the offering of this soul and devour us all." "Excuse me?" Lydia squeaked. "Who exactly is going to be devoured?" "Relax," he said firmly but Lydia was incapable of relaxing. He returned to his incanting as she struggled against invisible bonds. "Oh great Cthulhu, rise from the depths and render our souls unto your boundless hunger." After a moment's pause, Lydia realized nothing was happening. For a while she thought it just took a bit of a wait, but Valerius seemed worried by this as well. "I don't understand," he muttered. "All my work suggests…. I followed every instruction. I found the kraken. I have offered the blood of a virgin…" "I'm not a virgin," Lydia said incredulously. Why was it always the blood of a virgin? What was it about sexual purity that got things undesirable to the human race excited? Someone involved with Ancient Runes should do a study on that. Valerius turned to her, flustered and confused. "But…. I don't understand. You are young, and you are unmarried." His age was showing, she realized, and if she could have moved her hand she would have pinched the bridge of her nose. Someone else who would have likely been better off choosing Sibyll. "I'm not that young," she said. "And I haven't married, but I've not always been unattached." She realized that this horrified him more than the idea of what he was trying to do horrified her. "But the stone," he said, confused. "Surely the stone would have not worked for you if you hadn't been pure." "She hasn't touched it," Severus said darkly, stepping out from behind a tree, his wand at the ready. "Back away from her Valerius." "No!" Valerius cried. "Cthulhu is coming! I need her body to offer to him as a meal!" Lydia closed her eyes and shook her head. Apparently the fact that she wasn't a virgin was too much for Valerius to comprehend. Just as Lydia was wondering how Severus might handle this, she heard a thud and opened her eyes, turning her head to see Valerius on the ground. "Relax, he's just Stunned," Severus said, irritated, as he waved his wand to remove her bonds. "I'll let Albus decide what to do with him." "I'm not so sure I trust Albus's judgement on the megalomaniacal right now," she admitted, sitting up slowly, frowning at the stiffness in her body as Severus sat beside her to heal the wounds on her arms. /-/ Albus was largely unapologetic, even with Severus yelling at him quite vehemently. He found a rehabilitation center on the continent for his old friend, and made certain Lydia was well, but kept saying there was no harm done. Bill Weasley, who had gone to Severus almost as soon as he spoke to Valerius and expressed concerns that the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor seemed a little too unconcerned and was the only adult who hadn't offered to search a portion of the castle for Lydia. Severus and Bill then spent some time searching the Restricted Section for information that would help them translate the runes on the stone. Once they knew what it said, Severus dismissed Bill. He knew where she would be. After Slytherin won both Quidditch and House Cup, Severus and Lydia retreated very quickly to Spinner's End, where Lydia avoided the kitchen for several days. "Lydia, I recognize that you haven't had the best of luck with knives lately, but I promise that the kitchen is not dangerous." She shrugged, taking the food he brought to her in the sitting room, sipping her tea and poking at the rice. "Do I have a big sign on my face that says innocent, defenseless, and gullible?" she asked him as he cut into his roast beef. "No," Severus said, his face softening. "Dalia wasn't just after you, Lydia. She would have taken as many as she could reasonably get before she had to move on to a new place. And Valerius…. Well, I suspect Valerius was just touched in the head." Lydia wasn't so sure about that. The man was obviously slightly off, but he seemed very sincere in what he was doing, and appeared to have been working toward his end goal for a very long time. Apart from his assumptions about her purity, he seemed very thorough. "Did anyone tell Bill what Valerius was trying to do?" she asked, shifting nervously in her seat. Bill was a very mature student, but he was still only sixteen. There were things he simply didn't need to know. "I have no idea." She would have to invite Bill around to her office early in September, she mused, get his version of events, assuage any worries he might have. Some weird things happened with her Defense Against the Dark Arts professors in her time, but none of them had kidnapped any of her other teachers. That she knew of. Perhaps Albus was simply running out of sane people – apart from Severus – willing to take a cursed job. Severus coaxed her to take her plate into the kitchen when she was done eating, to put it in the sink. The second she saw the knives in their case on the corner of the kitchen counter, however, her arms twitched and she nearly dropped the plate. There was nothing physically wrong with her arms, but every time she saw a knife of any size, she began to feel an ache where Valerius had cut her. Severus told her that she would be fine, but that she had to get used to being around knives again. Lydia wasn't sure he understood. "Lydia?" he said from the other room. "Everything alright in there?" She blinked, realizing she'd only gotten halfway across the kitchen floor. "Fine," she said, taking a deep breath. She pushed it out again through her nose and focused her eyes on the sink as she crossed to put her plate in it. She took another deep breath, closing her eyes as she turned to the door, and opening them again when she was facing the door. Severus was waiting in the sitting room, his eyebrows raised expectantly. She tried to pass it off as though nothing happened, but as he watched her she felt the shiver in her spine, and she couldn't hide it from him. "Well, at least the plate's in the sink," he said, frowning as he motioned for her to come to him. Lydia sat on his lap, feeling his arms wrap around her as she shivered again. She would almost be happy if Severus got the Defense Against the Dark Arts position next year if only because she knew he wasn't plotting her utter destruction. "Albus won't be happy," he said softly, "but I've lodged a complaint with the governors." "You did what?" she said, horrified. "Relax, Lydia. I have…friends on the board." She knew friends meant fellow Death Eaters, but she said nothing. "They are requiring more…thorough checks on Defense Against the Dark Arts professors following successive attacks on our famous Arithmancy professor." She rolled her eyes. "I'm hardly famous." "You are more so than you seem to realize," he said, shaking his head. "But that is neither here nor there. The fact remains that your safety was in jeopardy and it never should have been." Lydia was torn between being flattered at his measures to protect her and annoyed at the fact that her apparent helplessness was now something that was discussed by the board of governors. She rested her head next to his neck and wondered if there was some way to keep her dignity about the whole thing. She didn't want to make a fuss, but this was ridiculous. "I suppose I don't have to work at Hogwarts," she said, stretching. "Don't joke," he said sternly. "I'm not," she said, sitting up and looked down at him. "I'm not saying that I'm leaving tomorrow, but the next time one of Albus's new hires attacks me, I will very likely leave." He pursed his lips and said nothing for a long moment. She thought about asking why he bothered staying. He had qualifications and skills that would serve him in any number of jobs, some a much better fit than teaching. He never seemed to particularly enjoy his students. But Lydia got the feeling that if she bothered to ask, he wouldn't answer. Perhaps it had something to do with being at Hogwarts, surrounded by the memories. Before she could ask to go to bed there was the sound of tapping in the kitchen, and Lydia frowned. "Owl, probably," he said. "Don't worry, I'll get it." Lydia sat on the floor by the fireplace as she waited for Severus to finish the letter from the kitchen. She thought vaguely to adjust the fire, perhaps make it brighter, but there was no way to do that without making the room too hot. Severus took a long time returning, and she looked up when he entered the room, about to ask what took soon long. The words died on her lips as she saw the look on his face, full of disdain and quiet fury. She moved away from him slightly, but with the fire behind her she didn't have far she could safely go. "It seems that someone sent a letter about your misfortune all the way to Canada," he snarled. "Remind me to murder Albus in his sleep." "That's not something to joke about, Sev," she said, trying to get a better look at the letter from where she sat on the ground, but she didn't really have to see to know. It was from Remus. She felt a brief, white-hot rage at his opening her mail, but she said nothing. Since Valerius's attack Severus had become even more easily riled, and she didn't want him to actually storm off to Hogwarts in the middle of the night and try to murder the headmaster. Never mind the morality of it, she didn't think he'd actually succeed. She didn't want to give Albus a reason to make Severus's life more miserable than he already seemed intent on doing. "He says that the vote doesn't happen until the end of July but that he urgently wants to know if you're alright. Albus tells him you're fully recovered, but he doesn't believe him. Well, at least the wolf does have some sense." Lydia cringed when Severus referred to Remus as a wolf. "Oh, all of a sudden he's hopeful again," Severus snarled. "He's wanting to make a date for when the vote happens, seems to think that the bill will be blocked." "You wouldn't," she whispered. "Wouldn't what?" he said, raising an eyebrow. "What, you think I have enough friends on the Wizengamot to block this even if I wanted to? Most of the families I knew with seats have their beloved family members in prison, Lydia." Lydia looked down at the fireplace as he glanced over the letter again. She closed her eyes. The disdain rolled off him in waves. She didn't have to look at him to know how he felt about the whole thing. She wondered how much of his hatred of Remus had to do with his being a werewolf, and how much of his hatred of werewolves had to do with knowing Remus. Knowing Sirius and James hadn't led to a hatred of purebloods, but that would have left him with nowhere to go. The worst he could name them was blood traitor, and that was a label that could be recanted if they changed their views, their behaviors. Treachery was a condition that could be reversed, she thought, Sirius very firmly in her mind. Lycanthropy was forever, and always out of Remus's control. Sirius had choices, but Remus never did. Who was really the monster? But then, she thought, looking up at Severus, Sirius's choices looked an awful lot like the ones Severus had made, in the end. Perhaps Severus changed his mind as well, but they had both served the same master. "Pathetic," he said. For one brief moment she thought he was handing her the letter, but then she saw it go over her shoulder, into the flame. Her hand jutted out for a second to grab it, but then she pulled it back quickly, realizing that the flame might not be extremely hot, but that it was hot enough to burn all the same. "I will be in the kitchen," Severus said coldly. "If you should require anything." Lydia said nothing, drawing her knees to her chest and watching the parchment curl in the flames as he left the room. She felt small, insignificant. With Severus gone she could retrieve some of the parchment with magic, but with what was left there wasn't much of a point. In a way she hadn't felt for some time, she realized that everyone else was making her choices for her again, like they had in school, like they had when she was living with Sirius. Somehow she ended up in that same place, where the only control she had in her life was in her classroom, and it wasn't enough. It wasn't good enough. Albus was still pulling strings, including hers. But worst of all, he kept tugging Remus's strings, and she couldn't figure out why. What did he want of her, of Severus? Of Remus. If Lily were here, she would see it clearly. Lily always managed to see what others were plotting, what they were up to when Lydia couldn't see a thing. Lily understood that Slytherin way of saying one thing and meaning another, and Lydia only understood Severus, and even then not always. There was a small crashing sound in the kitchen, but Lydia wasn't worried. Severus was angry again, and he was taking it out on furniture. For a brief moment she thought she ought to be concerned, but she couldn't feel anything. Nothing but a slight ache in her forearms where the wounds had been, and a light ache in her head. She thought of a glass of water, but she didn't want to go to the kitchen. She conjured one, drank it down, and vanished the glass. Then she trudged up the stairs, leaving the last curled, charred bits of parchment in the fire. Severus would come to bed when he was done breaking things. Maybe this was his way of feeling in control, she thought as she climbed into bed. Maybe breaking furniture was something he needed, the way she needed to teach. A/N: First of all, this chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer NanamiYatsumaki. Thanks for the review, and cheers, dear! Also, those of you who bet three chapters/months, you were definitely the closest! Review Prompt: So what do you think Albus is hiring next year? And yes I said what, not who. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to the fabulous MissRoseAlanaHorton, whose PMs all came in a bunch this morning and made me super happy. Cheers! Also, big thank you to s8xyvriska, whose suggestions inspired this chapter's Occlumency. -C "Legilimens." Lydia had a memory ready, not bothering with the wall. They were in a recent walk at the nearby park, and a goose was following Severus, very intent on bothering him, seeming to be trying to fight him for Lydia. She felt a wave of amusement, but she could also sense Severus's irritation with the memory, just as clearly as she could see his irritation with the goose. He moved his hand to his wand, perhaps to banish the goose, perhaps to do something worse. "Don't," she said quickly, putting her hand in his. "C'mon, let's just go back." She felt a jerking in her mind and the scene dissolved. They were back at school and she and Severus were cleaning up after a potions lesson. Lydia recognized the day, realized what Severus was about to do, and she focused her mind on the goose once more, the scene of the Potions classroom dissolving, but the park not fully reforming. Severus was stronger, and he pulled her into a different memory. She was thirteen and her parents were screaming at each other inside the house. She was standing on the front porch, waiting for Severus and Lily. Severus came out of his house with his hands in his pockets. He'd grown almost a foot in the past three months, and Lydia had a hard time not smiling just a little at how he would push his hands to the bottom of his pockets in an attempt to make the gap between the top of his shoes to the hem of his trousers as small as possible. "Lily's coming round the corner," he said, nodding up the street. Lydia nodded, and they hurried to meet her away from their houses, not wanting her to hear the sounds of conflict inside. Unlike Lydia, who was a bit too thin for her size, and Severus's gangly appearance, Lily was passing through puberty easily. Her body's not-quite-womanly proportions weren't sexy, but sort of charming. Only Lily Evans could manage to be part-woman-part-child with such grace. Lydia felt a stab of jealousy and bitterness, but she could also feel Severus's pain and she remembered that this was a memory, not reality. She focused on the memory of the goose, and the world around them dissolved. Before the park could rematerialize, though, she felt a force of will, determination, and she was sitting with Lily, no longer a child but now two women grown, and Lydia had a sense of shame, a feeling of pain in her chest, a kind of desperation. Lily's beautiful green eyes were kind, but they were stern. Lydia knew what this was, as she didn't want to see it. She didn't want Severus to see it. She tried to think of the goose, but Severus's force of will was too strong for her still. Perhaps he sensed that she didn't want him to see this memory, perhaps he was curious. "D'you think we should have left the country?" Lily's lips pursed and she stood abruptly to make tea. Severus's anxiousness to see what was happening blended strangely with Lydia's fear and anxiety about the memory in question. She was beginning to feel nauseous from her efforts to leave this memory, but he was holding her there. Lily sat back down with the tea after the long silence. "Do you think it would have been a good idea to run away with a man you don't love?" Lily said, her voice soft and gentle like she used to discipline first years at school. A strange burst of emotions happened, but Lydia could not untangle them from her own, and from the memories. "I mean, really, could you have sustained that? Eventually he would have wanted to marry you and have children with you, and he would have wanted you to tell him that you loved him. Even if you could do the rest, could you have lied to him?" A strange sensation came over Lydia. She could feel herself shaking her head, drinking her tea, eyes dry, and yet she could tell that somewhere she was crying. Severus's fascination was running through her as well and she wanted it to stop, but there they were, still. "I think," Lily said, almost a whisper, "that this is a wake-up call, Lydia. I'm not saying you should end things here and now. He obviously means a lot to you if you were so upset over things, the way James said you were." A flash of frustration, anger, but it wasn't hers. "Give it some time, and if you still can't love him, you need to leave him. We can start thinking about arrangements if we get closer to that point, but…" "How long?" Lydia asked. Her own voice sounded strange, and the shaking hands, the nerves, the desperation to not see this all combining to make her feel ten times more nauseous than on the day itself. "How long is too long?" Three sets of anticipation was overwhelming, and somewhere she was still crying as Lily frowned down at the table, considering the puzzle. "You've been together for a long time now. It's only fair to give him a solid chance. What about…by December? Before Christmas. If you know it's not working toward the end of November, you don't want to break up with him after Christmas. That's just cruel." Lydia could feel herself nodding, could feel the overwhelming emotions coming to a head, a wave building inside of her chest, and then…. She was sitting on the sofa of the Spinner's End sitting room, vision blurred with tears, her heart pounding at the base of her throat. She had to take deep breaths to keep from vomiting the moment the present came back into focus. Rapidly blinking away tears, Lydia tried to stand, to go somewhere to bet alone, but her legs were too weak to support her. "Lydia," Severus said, his voice the careful, schooled one. "I have lesson plans to amend," she said, hoping he got the hint that she wasn't ready to talk about what they had just seen. She wasn't sure she would ever be ready. She hadn't thought about that day in some time, and to see it so vividly, to know that just months later Lily would be dead, that it would be Sirius's fault…. A fresh wave of tears blurred her vision as she took deep breaths. "You stay here. You're too weak. I'll bring you your papers and a cup of tea. Is there anything else you need?" Lydia shook her head, waiting until he closed the door behind him to wipe her eyes, letting out a single sob. The nausea was beginning to subside now that she was back to having a single set of emotions to recognize. She tried not to think about the waves of emotions she experienced, especially the ones that were never hers to begin with. She had enough on her mind without trying to analyze Severus's emotions. If he wanted her to know something, he would tell her in his own time. By the time he returned with her lesson plans and a cup of tea she had mostly cleaned her face, as best she could do without a mirror and sink. If she looked a mess, he said nothing and his face did not show any notice of it. He set down the tea on a saucer, and she was mildly surprised to see that he'd put a couple of her favorite biscuits on the saucer. Without a word, before she could thank him, he had left the room again, and she took a few more breaths before pulling her lesson plans to her. Lydia's hands were still trembling, but she could still make evaluations on things that would have to be adjusted. Sixth year would be left alone for the moment, she decided, until she knew which of her students were continuing on to N.E.W.T. level. Fifth year she would revert mostly to the lessons she'd done the year before, with a few adjustment based on change in the exam since then. Her current fifth years were not nearly as in need of a challenge as the group she'd had the year before. Plus, there was no need to complicate a class with Nympadora Tonks in it. She made walking on a flat surface complicated. Lydia rubbed her eyes as she flipped through the third year plans. Her a palms came away damp and she growled with frustration with herself. He was a good actor, Sirius Black. She told herself over and over that few could lie so well as Sirius, that there was no reason for her to know what he really was any better than anyone else. But those assurances that it wasn't her fault, she believed not a one of them. She could still remember the way Sirius looked, twitching in pain from the potion. She wondered if Severus had known, if somehow he had been trying to protect her, if he hadn't been trying to kill Sirius so that he couldn't hurt her. And she saved his life. She saved his life, and he turned around and killed three of their closest friends, perhaps would have killed her if the authorities hadn't caught him, maybe Remus as well if he'd been anywhere but with the werewolves. After a few minutes of reading the fourth year curriculum she was calm enough to make a few notes, change a couple of activities around to a way that seemed to make more sense given difficulties the last couple of groups were having with grasping the finer points of event theory. When her hands were completely free of trembling, she set down her lesson plans and stood, listening at the door to be certain Severus wasn't in the next room before leaving the sitting room, hurrying up the stairs, and checking her appearance in the mirror. Her eyes were still red and slightly puffy, but not as bad as she expected. She washed her face to get the last remnants of salt off her cheeks, and she combed her hair and pulled it back again. Lydia recalled something Severus had once said about her eyes and she leaned forward to look at the iris of her left eye, trying to see if she could find that ring of green he claimed was there. If there was green there, it was a very thin ring. Her eyes were grayish, muddy, with a ring of brown melting to gray, melting to what could be called green, and then the pupil. Nothing like Lily's bright and beautiful bottle green eyes, eyes that always looked so kind and understanding, eyes that could almost see to the soul, always lacking judgement but always knowing. Had Lily befriended Lydia and Severus because she could see that they needed a friend? She was innocent and naïve, but had she realized that they were suffering from things they never named? Lydia sighed, backing away from the mirror and letting a shiver run through her body. She hoped Severus never did that again, holding her in a memory that so clearly caused her so much discomfort. To hold her in a memory to test her limits was one thing, but this wasn't anything like that. She could tell, she could sense, that he was holding her there for his own curiosity, and that had only added to her distress. She was trying to think of what to say to express to him how upset she was at what he'd done when she heard his fingers tapping on the door behind her. She chewed on the inside of her lip for a moment before she said, "Yeah?" "Are you ready to talk, Lydia?" No. No, she didn't want to talk about it. She didn't think she would be ready for some time. "Sure." She forced herself to leave the bathroom and she let him lead her to bed, where they sat down and he watched her with careful, curious eyes. He was trying to gauge how she was feeling. "Lydia, I shouldn't have held you there while you were distressed." "No, you shouldn't," she said softly. She was surprised when he put an arm around her, but she didn't fight. "Was that when I think it was?" She nodded. "It wasn't your fault, you know." Lydia nodded again, but she didn't meet his eyes. She was hoping he didn't press her any further on that, because they could waste a whole week with him trying to convince her that she couldn't have done anything to save Lily and James. If she hadn't manage to save Sirius, Lily and James would still be alive, and Peter. Harry would have his parents, would be raised by people who loved him a world that would understand him. It was her fault, no matter what he said. She heard the frustration in his sigh, but he said nothing more on the subject for the moment. Instead, he held her a bit closer and said, "You really never did love him, did you?" Lydia was startled by the relief in his voice, and she actually pulled away and looked at him, unable to maintain any sense of calm at the strange sound of his relief. Had he thought that she lied when she said she didn't love Sirius? "Only I…." He frowned slightly. "It's just that you were together so long, and I thought maybe…. Just a little bit." Lydia shook her head. "No," she whispered. "I never loved him. I don't think I ever could have. Because I tried, Sev. I really tried to love him. I thought he loved me, needed me, and I wanted to be able to give him what he wanted because he'd done everything he could to make me happy. But it was all a lie, wasn't it?" Severus hesitated. Lydia's eyebrows twitched, but he said nothing. She then recalled another thing he had said once, a sickening thing about how several of the Slytherins had lamented her blood status wasn't pure enough to make her an ideal wife. Even with that, they were willing to play. And Sirius, he always hated to lose. He always had to one-up those same Slytherins, to be just a step ahead. He beat them in class, he beat them in corridor duels. He humiliated them at every opportunity. And when push came to shove, the girl they wanted to play with shared his bed for ages. She felt sick to her stomach again. And of course, if he returned to the Dark he wouldn't want to lose her to Remus of all people. Her blood might be inferior to his, but Remus was a werewolf, something less than human as Severus had once said in a moment of anger. To sully herself with Remus would not only be a sullying of her own blood, but an insult to Sirius beyond her leaving him. To leave a pureblood for a werewolf would be an embarrassment in those circles beyond imagining. "I should have seen," she whispered. It was all there, all right in front of her, and she had never connected the dots. She knew, she knew better than James and Lily, what those people thought, how they reasoned. She had seen the world Sirius was from. "Lydia, stop," Severus said, pulling her to him again, wrapping an arm around her waist and pressing a kiss to her hair. "Stop this. You could drive yourself mad thinking like this." "But I should have." "No," he said firmly. "He never struck you, did he?" She shook her head. "Never used magic against you?" Again, she shook her head. "Did he ever disparage your blood status, or Lily's, or Lupin's?" She shook her head again, taking deep breaths through her nose to calm her churning stomach. "He was clever, Lydia, and very practiced at deception. What purpose did you have to doubt him?" "You," she whispered. "You told me to leave. You told me to trust no one, and I didn't listen." "What is done is done," he said, but she wasn't convinced. He didn't even sound fully convinced. "I'm the reason Lily is gone," she choked out. "Lydia, I will only tolerate so much of this foolishness before I have to make you see reason," he said, his voice a bit harder this time. "Now, I don't think either of us wants that. So just relax, alright?" Lydia nodded, letting him pull her down onto the bed, holding her, letting her rest her head on his chest as his arms pulled her close. She closed her aching eyes and let him caress her back gently, the motions soothing and familiar, like he had done them before. Perhaps he had. When she thought about it, she had been relatively lucky that he hadn't pulled her into worse memories. There were so many things in her own head that she never wanted to see again…. So many things she wished she'd never gone through the first time around. "I do have one bone of contention," he said after almost an hour of lying there, lulled nearly to sleep by the feeling of his fingers caressing her back. "Hmm?" "The memory in the park." She frowned to herself, trying to think back. When she was with him and Lily on the street? No, they didn't make it to the park in that memory. She realized he must have been talking about the first memory, with the goose. "What about it?" she asked. "I fail to see why you find it so bloody amusing that I was attacked by that monster." Lydia said nothing, just smiling against his chest. At least she could always trust Severus to be what she expected, good, bad, and absurd. A/N: Review Prompt: Describe the best teacher you ever had, and what they had in common with either Sev or Lydia (if anything at all). -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and reviewer Andrea McCleary, whose comments on the last couple of chapters were excellent. I especially like our discussion about the geese. Beautiful. Also. Forgive me. That is all. -C Lydia hadn't told Severus she was going to meet Remus, but she knew he knew. As soon as the law was shot down by Albus and his supporters on the Wizengamot, Remus moved back. As soon as he had a job and a place to live again, he wrote to Lydia and asked to see her. Well, more like begged. Her ego was fed by the letter, certainly, and she agreed to see him, meeting him in Muggle London for a change. He walked into the pub looking a bit anxious, but he brightened when he saw her, and he motioned that he was going to get a drink. Lydia nodded, sipping her cider. Nothing else on the menu looked like something she could stomach. She had forgotten how limited Muggle drinks were. Remus came back a few minutes later with a beer in hand, smiling as he sat down across from her. "So," she said, smiling a little. "You're back." "I'm thanking every higher power I know of, honestly," he said. He took a long drink and set down his glass. "It's good to be home." "What, didn't like Canada?" she teased. "It was fine," he said, frowning slightly. "But there was no one I knew, nowhere I recognized. I'd never left the UK before. I felt a bit lost. I guess given time I could have made a life there, but I would have felt isolated." He took another drink of his beer. "So tell me, what exactly happened this spring? Albus's story seemed a bit…sanitized and hard to follow, honestly." Lydia rolled her eyes and said, "You wouldn't believe if I told you." "Try me." So Lydia tried to explain to Remus what had transpired with Valerius, and his face went from confusion to amusement to flat-out disbelief. "I'm sorry, he said what?" "He said he didn't understand why the Lord of Chaos wasn't coming to devour me because he'd offered up the blood of a virgin." Remus's eyebrows shot up his forehead so far it looked painful. He was blushing slightly, but mostly he just looked horrified. "What…what did you say?" "I told him I wasn't a virgin," she said with a shrug. "He was really puzzled, you see, because I'm unmarried." At first Remus's jaw dropped, and then he began to laugh. Lydia was at a point where she could laugh at it too, thankfully. At the time she felt more like throwing things, but now it was something she could find the humor in. "What on earth did you say then?" he pressed. Lydia just shrugged taking another drink of her cider. She liked it when Remus laughed. He looked younger, almost his age. "I don't know that I said anything," she finally said. "But I couldn't help thinking that this was another one who would have been better off kidnapping Sibyll." "Oh, Lydia, that's terrible." Lydia shrugged. She might have agreed but for having been kidnapped twice in as many years. "He said he'd be telling us about the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor when we got our booklists in. Severus and I turned ours in yesterday, so we should be hearing soon." "I take it that means Severus was unsuccessful yet again." Lydia winced, but she nodded. Severus had brooded for a couple of days, but it was better than he usually was after hearing back. "Enough about me," she said, smiling. She swallowed a bit of cider. "What are you up to now that you're back? Where have you settled this time?" He managed to get a place further south this time, in a more reasonable climate in Sussex. He told her a bit about the landlady, who was quite elderly and surprisingly understanding. He suspected she had a family member who suffered from a bite, or a similar situation. "It's amazing, the people you can stumble across, isn't it?" Lydia said. Remus shook his head and said, "No, I didn't stumble across her. Albus introduced me." He tipped his beer back to get the last of it. "That man has done more for me than the rest of the world combined. I feel I am constantly trying to deserve all the help he has given me, from before I even knew who he was." Lydia nodded absently, recalling Remus telling her once how his parents had always assumed he wouldn't be able to go to Hogwarts and that was that. Although she had always seen Albus as a great benefactor of Remus, it was harder to see him that way the longer she worked with him, the more she realized that he did nothing for no reason. She had begun to see him through Severus's eyes. "Finding a job was the hard part, honestly," he said, sighing. "Brighton and that region are pretty decent about different lifestyles and stuff, but this is beyond that. So far so good. I've gone Muggle, so to speak." At the prompting of Lydia's raised eyebrow, Remus said, "Regular shifts at a juice shop, and there's a beach shack I've been working at during the summer. When the season ends, I'll have to find something else." Lydia thought for a moment about telling him that she would help, but she knew he wouldn't want her help. It seemed odd to her that he could accept help from Albus and it was generosity, but from anyone else it was charity, and he couldn't stand charity. Instead of trying to be helpful, then, she focused on enjoying their time together before she had to get back to Spinner's End. Remus said he would stay in the pub, since he hadn't eaten anything that morning, and Lydia showed herself out. She decided to walk through a perfume store before going home, not that she was sure it would make a difference. Severus's eyebrows did raise when she walked in, and his nose twitched. Then she saw his eyes darken, and Lydia went straight upstairs to shower without even stopping to say hello. She took deep breaths, wondering how to manage the situation once the scent was off her. If she was lucky, Severus wouldn't ask. But then, she knew herself enough to know that she was hardly ever lucky. After about ten minutes she decided she'd probably done as much as she could do and she got out of the shower, drying off, changing into fresh clothes and banishing what she'd been wearing to the laundry. When she went downstairs, however, she saw Severus frowning at a letter, obviously not concerned with where she had spent the past couple of hours – for the moment. "What's that?" she asked, crossing to him a bit nervously, sitting down beside him, wrapping an arm around his waist. He didn't move away or even flinch, so if he had a problem with her seeing Remus, it was far from his mind. "Albus has only completely lost his mind, that's all," Severus said darkly. "I was thinking of going down to the board of governors and demanding his dismissal." Lydia snorted. "Surely it's not that bad." He looked up at her, frowning. "Lydia, he's hired a vampire." Her face fell and she shook her head. He had to be joking. Albus would never do something so obviously dangerous, not after what happened with Dalia. "He claims he's tame, and a friend to the Ministry," Severus said, frowning down at the parchment. "Apparently he was the one who supplied the Ministry with its information on Dalia and her ring of vampires." "Why would he do that?" she asked. Severus shook his head, pushing the letter away and pulling her onto his lap. "He doesn't say in the letter," he said softly, "but he knows I know why." "And?" "Terentius Banister is the half-blood bastard half-sibling of Antonin Dolohov. Do you remember him?" Lydia nodded. "He was bit by a vampire as an adult, and the only reason his father was able to keep him in society was that Terentius agreed to support Ministry interests when it came to controlling and hunting vampires. He's not very popular with his kind." Lydia thought about Remus, and how other werewolves didn't trust him because he tried to live among humans. But Remus had been a werewolf nearly all his life. How difficult had it been for Terentius to adjust, she wondered? "So you think he's harmless?" "Lydia, I just told you he's from a family of Death Eaters and a vampire. Never assume he is harmless." She groaned, resting her head on Severus's shoulder. "I would love it if just one year we had a bit of peace," she said. "So I'm not having tea with this one, then?" "I don't know that he drinks tea anymore." She shivered. "Do me a favor," Severus said after a moment of sitting alone, quite. She asked what he wanted. "Wear the high collars." "When?" "All year." She sat up, frowning at him. "Sev, I'll boil in June." "Well, be thankful I'm not asking you to wear scarves on top of them," he said, completely unmoved by her dissatisfaction with his request. "I'm not asking you to wear high collars," she said, horrified. "I already wear them." Her lips scrunched with frustration and she turned her back to him, trying to think of a good argument. He continued, "Lydia, you already have history with vampires. Not a very good one. If the curse, or whatever it is, holds this year then he will be gone by this time next year and we won't have this talk then." "Or ever again." "I won't say that. You never know when Albus will decide to bring more vampires into our lives." Lydia rubbed her temples. They were going to be in Scotland, so it wasn't a completely unreasonable request. She supposed most of the year she would wear scarves for going out of doors anyway, and the high collars weren't uncomfortable. She did wonder about wearing them in June, but she could always look for some in a thinner fabric. "Alright," she said, turning to him. "Alright, I'll wear the stupid things." His eyes registered just the tiniest amount of relief, and she suddenly felt very glad that she hadn't said no. If such a simple, harmless concession could ease his concerns so much, she would never deny such things. She would even wear a scarf over the collars whenever practical, she decided. Being a little uncomfortably hot was nothing if it made Severus feel better. She did want to have a word with Albus, however, and made up her mind to do so as soon as she and Severus moved back in to Hogwarts. "What would you like for dinner?" he asked, turning his head so that his forehead was pressed to her shoulder. "Are you cooking?" "As you're still not willing to enter the kitchen, it seems only practical." Lydia sighed, closing her eyes. This was their week together before going back to Hogwarts. She wanted to make the most of it. "Tell you what," she said softly, "why don't we go out to the deli tonight? I want to spend the week enjoying Cokeworth." Severus raised his eyebrows. She knew he was wondering what on earth there was to enjoy in Cokeworth, but he said nothing about it. He couldn't make such a comment without opening himself up for scrutiny for still living there, for bringing her back there every year. So he just nodded slowly and said, "Deli it is, then. I suppose you're wanting to wear things below the jaw while you still can." "I was thinking my sundress, actually," she said, smoothing the blue sundress in question over her thighs. The neckline wasn't much of a neckline, and he glanced down at the considerable cleavage and she tried not to laugh. They spent the week at the park, eating out, or reading quietly in the sitting room. When it was over they packed up their things with minimal fuss and moved back in at Hogwarts. Severus left to set up their quarters, and Lydia said she would meet him for tea after setting up her office and quarters in case of visitors. Then she decided to drop by Albus's office to give him a piece of her mind before going to have tea with Severus. She knocked on the door to his office, and his voice asked her to please come in. Lydia sat down in the chair across from him, taking his silvery hair, his crooked nose, his brilliant blue eyes twinkling behind those half-moon spectacles. A brilliant wizard, a kind man. Everyone said so. How was it, then, that he could make such a string of bad hiring decisions? "Severus told me about the letter on the hiring decision," she said softly. "You didn't read it for yourself?" he asked. "There wasn't any need." "It was addressed to both of you." "There wasn't a need, Albus. I'm not sure what you're getting at, but I am not a Slytherin, and neither were you. I appreciate straightforwardness and openness." "And yet you choose Severus over Remus," he said, raising an amused eyebrow. She could feel her body flushing with embarrassment at his assessment and she looked down at the stack of papers he was going over before she entered. "You know that's an oversimplification," she said softly. "That is not why I am here." "No, you are here about my hiring decision," he said. "I assume you have prepared, so say what you came here to say." "Did it ever occur to you," she said softly, "that perhaps hiring a vampire after my experience the year before last would be a poor choice?" She looked up at him to see that Albus was mildly amused by this question. Of course it had occurred to him, but obviously he deemed that the end benefits outweighed the negatives. No doubt there was some greater purpose for having Terentius Banister there that she was unaware of. She was fully prepared for him to say these things, and then nothing else. She truly believed that she understood the way he operated by now. But he surprised her by saying, "Yes, it did. However, I never would have expected you of all people to judge a man by a condition afflicted on him by others. Or is Remus a monster after all?" She balled her hands into fists on her lap. That was different. He knew it was different. Remus was only changed once a month. She wasn't being prejudiced, she was being practical. Before she could organize her outrage into something to say, he continued to speak. "Terentius is a man who lived for twenty years before he was bitten and turned. He, much like Remus, is not defined by his condition. He has significant skill and knowledge in this area acquired both before and after his bite, and I think if you give him the opportunity you will find him to be not only a competent professor, but also a charming and engaging man." Her mind flashed back to Sirius, to her father. She had quite enough of charming and engaging men for one lifetime. Besides, she had a feeling Severus knew more about Terentius Banister than he had already said, and he had all but told her not to get close to him. "I will be professional and polite as always," she said, frowning at Albus. "I will give him whatever professional respect he is due. But don't expect me to have tea with him, Albus. Don't ever forget what happened the last time I agreed to have tea with one of your recent hires. If he wants someone to keep him company, direct him to the bloody North Tower." Albus's lips twitched with amusement – amusement! – and she stood, leaving him before he could say something else, before she could say something she might regret. He was, after all, still her boss. She went down to Severus's quarters, her body still pulsing with adrenaline at the outrage of Albus's suggestions that she was letting prejudice cloud her judgement. Severus was just stirring honey into his tea when she entered, and he gestured toward her spot, where tea was waiting for her, steaming ever-so-slightly. "You took some time." "I had a chat with Albus." "And?" He was surprised, she thought. His face and voice didn't show it, but if he hadn't been surprised it would have meant that he expected her to drop by Albus's office, and she doubted he would have commented on her being a while. "And few people have such a keen ability to make me angry," she said, picking up her tea. "You didn't actually go to see the governors, did you?" "Where would I have found the time?" he asked dryly, wrapping an arm around her waist as he sat down beside her. "Why, do you want me to?" Her lips twitched as she let the steam tickle her nose. He really would, too. If she asked him, he would go straight to his contacts and try to get Dumbledore removed, or at least to get the hiring choice overturned. "Let's see if I get kidnapped this year," she said. "Then we'll talk." He tensed at the mention of kidnapping, but he said nothing, just sipping his tea as she waited for hers to cool. Lydia didn't need him to speak. She knew he was running over in his mind all the ways he could conceivably keep her safe without making a completely unreasonable demand. If things kept on as they were he might jump to unreasonable soon enough, but she did appreciate that he was at least trying to keep her from feeling like he was controlling her. She could have said so, but what was the point? She simply rested her head on his shoulder and enjoyed the familiar sensation of their posture. A/N: First of all, huge thank you to anita03, whose review brought this story to 700! (Crazy how fast that happened…) I'll be getting in touch w/ you about your prize, probably today. If you haven't put in for a prize of choice, any of you, go ahead and let me know in this review what you'd like if you're a prizewinner in future. There are many prizes to go, I'm sure, so it could easily be YOU! Yes, you. I'm pointing right at you from the place where I am sitting, writing this. Review Prompt: Discuss what you think Dumbledore is doing, and rate his sanity on a scale of one to ten. Ten being batshit crazy. -C
A/N: Boggles my mind completely how quickly you guys are piling up the reviews. This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer/PMer, the recently renamed OleYelir! You know, I like this name. I can remember the spelling without having to double check! -C Lydia's term started with sixth years in the morning, and she watched them file in and sit down, fresh off their N.E.W.T.s, very clearly taking stock of who was left and who wasn't. Bill and Doran were the only Gryffindors remaining, sitting up front with Cayley Barbary and Tryphaina Poole, the only Slytherins left. James and Joe from Hufflepuff sat in the third row, as they couldn't justify sitting in the back with such a small group of students. Felix still sat beside his twin, and the other Ravenclaws – Benjamin Baddock, Sallie Hanson, Drina Phelps – filled in accordingly. "Welcome back," Lydia said kindly. "Our number is smaller, obviously, but I have great faith in every person in this room." She was not surprised by any of the people who dropped the class. Most of them, even the ones who passed, hadn't passed with a high enough score to merit letting them into her course. John Paul had told her that morning at breakfast that he decided to drop her course to focus more of his time on Quidditch and Potions: a class he needed but struggled to get qualifying scores in. Lydia assured John that she wasn't offended and that he could drop by her office hours any time he liked. "I wish I could tell you after the experience you had last spring that things will be easier from her on out, but that would be a lie," Lydia said. "You have fewer classes, and you have free periods build into your schedules. But those aren't for playing around. They're for study." The McYates twins groaned in unison. Lydia spared them a sympathetic smile and continued her speech. "You are here right now because you have proven yourselves exceptional Arithmancy students. And while I believe that every single one of you can earn a N.E.W.T. in this subject, I also know that I will push you harder than you probably feel you can be pushed in this class, right now. Those of you who don't need this for a job may choose to quit rather than put yourselves through the stress, and I will respect that decision. But never forget that I do believe each one of you is capable of doing this, and that I will be here every step of the way for whatever you need." The students perked up, half of them looking relieved and encouraged, the other half looking like they felt slightly sick and were wondering if they could find a way for this to all have been a dream, and that perhaps they were still sleeping and hadn't started their classes after all. As the bell rang, Lydia called out the reading assignment and the students packed up their things, going to their free period. All except for Bill Weasley, who nodded for Doran to go on without him. "Did you need something, Bill?" Lydia said, glancing at the clock. Her fourth years were coming in about ten minutes and she wanted to review the plans. "No, Professor," he said, standing and looking at her with a level, serious look. It was so easy to recall him at thirteen, scrawny and still very much a child. He was sixteen now, and practically a man. Three years, three short years and everything changed. She didn't feel she was the same anymore, either. "I wanted to…check on you." Lydia quirked an eyebrow. "Check on me?" He shifted slightly and said, "Professor Snape told me you were much recovered after…your ordeal last spring. But I didn't have a chance to see you before going home, and I wanted to be sure…" Lydia smiled and said, "I am quite well, Bill. Thank you for your part in finding me. I could hear you, you know." "Hear me?" "When you were talking to Professor Aalmers. I was in the closet." His nose wrinkled with disgust, but he nodded. He looked as though there was something else he wanted to say, but he just stood there for another long moment before saying, "Well, I hope you have a good day, Professor." "You too, Bill," she said with a smile. As soon as he left the room, however, her smile fell from her face. It shouldn't be Bill's responsibility, worrying about other people. Not his friends, not the adults in his life, no one. He might look a man, but he was still a child. Her friends they fought, they died so that children were safe to be children again, so that the battlefields were not at Hogwarts. And here Albus was, bringing new ones into the school all the time. Destroy one enemy, bring in a new one. Lydia put her smile back for the fourth years, who came in looking a bit surer of themselves than they had the year before, finding their seats, saying hello to friends in other Houses. Lydia gave them a few minutes to settle, glancing over her notes as she thought of her new colleague, Terentius Banister. He was tall, thin, gaunt, pale, and excessively gentlemanly. Albus was certainly right, he was charming. But he had been raised to be charming. So had Sirius. So had Lydia's father. She went through her classes that day without a hitch, a sensation that was increasingly familiar as time went on. She had plans with Severus to do an Occlumency lesson after class, and she made a point to pack up her things with relative quickness. As she locked her classroom door, knowing perfectly well what some students would get up to in unlocked classrooms, she hardly noticed that a virtually silent person had approached her. "Miss Rowe," her new, vampiric colleague said, watching her with strangely hollow stare. "Done for the day, I see?" "Yes," Lydia said. A dozen things to say crossed her mind, reminding him that Albus didn't appreciate teachers calling each other by surname, some sort of quip about his first day, anything. Instead she turned and began to walk away, feeling mildly rude. "Would you like to join me for tea?" he said. She paused, but she didn't turn around. "I'm having tea with Severus, actually," she said, and she began to walk again. No doubt he had dozens of things he wanted to say to her, but he let her go. She knew it wasn't the last time he would ask, but she did appreciate that he wasn't pushing, all the same. Severus was sitting on the sofa, using his wand to adjust the fire in the grate. "How was the first day?" he asked lazily. "It went well, as always," she said, kissing his jaw. "Yours?" "The second years are not totally hopeless. A very strange group of Gryffindors this year. The youngest Weasley is quite a swot." "Like Bill?" "Worse." Lydia fought the urge to roll her eyes. She knew Severus liked Bill fine, though he couldn't admit it. After all, Bill was a Gryffindor. She sat beside him kicking off her shoes. "Do you feel you will be ready soon?" "Give me a moment to settle," she said. She closed her eyes, taking advantage of the near-silence to conjure up the image of her wall in her mind, getting a bit of practice in before practice. He was pushing her harder lately, reminding her that he was going to be digging deeper into her mind, to be pushing harder against the memories she most wanted to forget. Wouldn't it be nice, she thought lazily, if she could block him from those memories? If she could get so good that he couldn't get at them? "Alright," she said, opening her eyes again, turning to face Severus. "I'm ready." "Wall in your mind? Very well. Legilimens." The wall was very clear in her mind, and behind it she had a memory of lecturing the fourth years ready to go, just in case. Severus's efforts were looking for gaps in the wall, some weak point he could force himself through. She focused on reinforcing those places as she noticed the weakness. He took advantage of this, however, and used the pressure of her forcing the wall the stay up to withdraw his pressure all at once so that she was pushing back on the wall harder than it could maintain. She stood in her classroom, the faces of the fourth years looking up at her as she welcomed them back to Hogwarts. They had already had other classes before coming to her, but it felt right to welcome them all the same. Lydia felt the pressure of Severus searching for a new memory, and then the classroom dissolved around her. She was in Sirius's house, in bed, alone. Someone was waking her. Albus. Albus was waking her, and she was confused. Something was wrong, something was very wrong. He told her he needed to speak with her, and she went to the kitchen after him. Lydia could feel pain in her chest, and she struggled to pull them back to her classroom. Severus was too strong. Albus made her tea, and she took a drink. There was suspicion as he asked her questions, asked where Sirius was. He told her he had news, asked when was the last time she heard from Lily. Lydia could recall with ease the last letter Sirius had brought her from Lily. Albus told her Lily was gone. James was gone. Lily and James were gone and were never coming back. With a strange grunt of frustration that didn't fit the scene, the world around her dissolved and she struggled to make something – anything – materialize around her. But she felt such grief, such overpowering loss in her chest that she could not focus her mind enough to find what she was looking for. The living room was back and Severus caught her as she very nearly fell off the sofa. She was trying to catch her breath, and she barely noticed Severus get up and search through a cabinet for a vial of something. "This is a mild, very mild sedative," he said softly. "I know you don't want to take it, but I am going to strongly recommend that you do take it. Just a few drops." "I don't want it," she whispered, feeling something choking at her throat. "Lydia, you have just experienced a profound loss for the second time. The first time, Albus sedated you. This is much milder than what he used. It will help you cope. Please. Three drops. You'll hardly feel a thing. It will only calm your body." She hesitated, but she knew that if he wanted to drug her without her consent, he would have already done it. After her nod, he relaxed slightly, motioning for her to open her mouth as he carefully tipped three drops onto her tongue. She swallowed, tasting the slightly bitter taste of this particular sedative. It wasn't the same one Albus had given her, to her relief. It was a very light one, about a quarter of the strength of the one Albus slipped into her tea years ago. "I feel drained." "You never got to feel the emotions the first time," he said. "Now you felt two sets. It is not surprising that you are more tired than usual." Lydia hummed, curling up against Severus as he sat down beside her. "Do you want to discuss it?" "No," she said softly. "No, I just want to rest." Severus said nothing, but he kissed the top of her head and she closed her eyes, knowing that this was his agreement not to press her on it. But when she closed her eyes, she could almost see the pity in Albus's eyes as he told her the horrible truth, that she had lost almost everything that mattered in a matter of hours. That she woke up to a different world. That night Severus had brewing to do, so he left her to herself, making her promise to take a sedative should she become distressed while he was gone. Lydia didn't think she would have a problem, but there was no point arguing about it. Lydia made some tea and focused on organizing for the next day, sitting in bed with her notes for lesson plans for the second day of classes. She rubbed her eyes, knowing they would sting most of the day. As long as she could make them look less red and swollen by dinner, it didn't really matter. The key was finding a distraction, she decided, stretching as she packed up her notes. Finishing reading them was far too quick a task. A distraction came as if on cue, a tapping at the window – a letter. Lydia didn't bother wondering who it was from. The little bit of mail she did get from people other than Remus always came during the morning post. It was only Remus who wrote her at these strange times of day. She let the owl in, getting a bit of water for it. Once the owl was settled and content, she opened the letter. Lydia, I'm trying to keep an open mind, but I just read in the paper who Albus hired as a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor and I nearly spilled tea all over myself. The Prophet was surprisingly kind about it, which makes me think the Ministry is leaning on them for some reason, but give me a reason to come down there and demand an explanation from Albus and I will be there in a moment. I cannot imagine that Snape is especially pleased, either. The fact that he has like expressed his displeasure already is the only reason I haven't already come up there. But if it's not enough, I will. Just say the word. Things are well enough in Brighton. If I ever see juice again it will be too soon. Now that the tourist season is over I have a part-time job at a local university as a groundskeeper, which is a nice change of pace. It's good to have an excuse to spend a bit of time outside, and the weather is mild enough here that the job isn't too miserable. I am dreading slightly what it will be like when the rains come in earnest, but I suppose I've done worse. And it's only part time. You will be amused to learn that my landlady has a penchant for ballroom dancing, and she wants me to come with her to classes when I can fit it into my schedule. I haven't said yes or no yet, but I suppose I'll probably end up saying yes. She's elderly enough that it shouldn't require too much from me, and she has been terribly kind in letting me stay knowing full well what I am. The least I can do in return his humor her with my two left feet and pretend I care about the tango, or whatever it is she expects me to learn. I hope classes went well today, at the very least. We should set up a time at some point to meet up again. I don't know when the next opening in my schedule is, especially if I do this dancing, but I'll keep you posted and if you send me the Hogsmeade dates, I'll see what I can do. Remus Lydia glanced at the clock and realized that Severus would be back very soon. Perhaps he wouldn't mind this letter so much, even though it was from Remus, but with the mood he'd been in since Terentius Banister was hired, Lydia didn't want to risk it. "I'm not responding now," she told the owl. "I might later." It understood, and when she opened the window again it flew off straight away. Lydia quickly cleared away the water, removing all traces the owl had come. She closed the window and retreated into the bathroom with the letter, closing the door behind her as she pulled out her tampon box. She was just stuffing the letter inside when she heard Severus calling out her name, obviously wondering where she was. "In the toilet!" she said. "Be a moment!" She put the box away quickly, turning on the faucet to cover the sound of the cupboard closing, and to make him think she'd just used the toilet. He wasn't likely to ask, but he was the one who taught her that it never hurt to be thorough in all things. Lydia let the water cover her hands for a moment and she turned off the water, drying her hands quickly and going out to their sitting room. Severus was making himself a cup of tea, his eyes weary as they sometimes were after a difficult round of brewing. She knew the stocking up of the infirmary at the beginning of the year was a draining task at times, but Lydia wondered as she watched him fumble with the honey bottle, whether he wasn't sleeping poorly. "Here," she said, holding out her hands for the honey bottle, which he handed to her with a grunt of frustration. "It's been finicky lately." Perhaps he knew she was lying, but he said nothing. Instead, he wrapped his arms around her as the kettle began to simmer, the crackling sound so familiar to them both. "There," she said, getting the bottle open. "You go sit down. I'll make the tea. You need to get off your feet." He must have been completely exhausted, because he didn't argue at all, going straight to the sofa, watching her prepare his tea for him. Perhaps they would skip the Great Hall and take dinner in their quarters instead, she thought as she stirred in the honey. Her eyes were still red and his feet were obviously in pain. It had been a long first day. Surely no one would mind. A/N: Review Prompt: D'you think Remus is going to storm in and give Albus a piece of his mind? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to vampirela69! Thanks for the support and reviews and love. Cheers! Another thing, s8xyvriska wrote a oneshot with Sev and Lydia! Go check it out, it's called "Craving Silk." When y'all have plot bunnies and I hint that you should do a oneshot of it, I'm being dead serious. I think it's so neat that you guys have all these creative ideas from my characters. Also. Don't hate me. -C Lydia sat down and tapped her fingers, waiting for Remus to get back with their drinks. Severus knew she was seeing Remus on her afternoon off, but she still felt slightly anxious. She would have to get back with enough time to shower before he came back from classes. That didn't give her much time with Remus, but she would have to make it count. He returned with two butterbeers and smiled at her, setting on in front of her before he even sat down. "So, no juice I see," she said, and he rolled his eyes, sipping his butterbeer. He wiped a bit of foam off his upper lip and said, "Be honest with me, Lydia, has Banister given you problems?" Well, straight to it, then, she thought, frowning. "No, he's not," she said slowly. "I haven't spent a lot of time around him, to be honest. We see each other and meals and staff meetings and the like, but that hardly gives him an opportunity to give me problems." "Hasn't tried to get you alone?" Lydia hesitated. He had asked her to tea twice since the first day of classes, but she'd declined in lieu of other things, and he hadn't pressed her on it. They were still in early days, and she wasn't sure if it would stay that way, but for the moment she felt fairly secure. He'd been a gentleman. "Remus, it's been fine, I promise," she said. "I haven't been alone with him, and he hasn't pressed me on the matter. D'you honestly think Severus would let me be alone with a vampire after what happened?" Remus tensed, but he nodded before taking another long drink of his butterbeer. Lydia took a long drink of hers as well, and she wondered how she'd consumed so much of this stuff in her youth. It was sweet, too sweet, and she couldn't believe that she used to drink this to wash down a bar of Honeyduke's Best. "So tell me about these dance lessons," she said, smirking as she put down her butterbeer. Anything to get the conversation to lighter waters. He groaned, burying his head in his hands, and Lydia giggled. He told her about the failure of his footwork, the way the dance teacher told him he had the build for the sensual dances, and the way his landlady had gotten frisky with him during their most recent class. "How old is she?" Lydia asked, trying not to laugh to hard, because Remus was clearly mortified. "At least ninety," he said, rubbing his temples. "And she looks so frail, but she's remarkably spry." "Isn't that like, abuse of position or something?" she asked, letting her lips twitched. "I mean, she does control your rent. Perhaps she's trying to take advantage of you, Mr. Lupin." "Please don't joke about that," he said weakly. "I think she really might be." The laughter died on Lydia's lips and she sat forward, horrified. "Really? What are you going to do?" Remus looked so weary as he closed his eyes, his head more swaying than shaking side to side solemnly. Lydia touched his hand, surprised that he didn't flinch away from her touch. Instead, his fingers closed around hers, gripping at her hand. "I don't know," he admitted. "She's a very kind woman, and lonely. And I don't want to be cruel. But beyond it being vastly inappropriate, it does make living there very uncomfortable." Lydia nodded. They sat in silence for several minutes before she got up the courage to speak her mind. "Will you be able to afford to stay in Brighton if you end up leaving?" He sighed, shaking his head. "I don't know," he admitted. "I've been keeping an eye on listings, but so far there's not a lot in the area that's in my price range. She was an angel of mercy, and if I could overlook the advances it wouldn't be a big deal, but she's been getting more aggressive lately." He pursed his lips thoughtfully. "I shouldn't have agreed to the dancing." Lydia reminded him, as they left a tip and got up to go that he had no idea it would turn out the way it had, and that he thought he was just being nice to someone who had been kind to him. "Still," he said, sighing as they walked the high street. "I had a very bad feeling about it. I thought it was my nerves at making a fool of myself, but I should have listened to my instincts. They're rarely wrong." She frowned, tucking a bit of hair behind her ear as they came close to the gate back onto the grounds. What did that mean, that his instincts were rarely wrong? What did his instincts say about Sirius? About the war? About her? He seemed to realize for the first time that their fingers were still intertwined from the table, and he looked down at their hands with a passive, mildly interested expression. His face looked softer like that, younger, lighter. She wondered what his life would have been like without the war. Better, or even more difficult? So much of the support he had from Albus was because of the war, because of his condition and its uses in the war. Before she realized what was happening, Remus leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers. Rather than pulling away immediately, he lingered there for a moment, neither deepening the kiss, neither pulling away, but just standing there with lips together, cherishing the warmth. It was over too quickly by Lydia's standards, but he smiled before he left, and she could feel the whole world spinning around her from the adrenaline pulsing through her veins. She hadn't totally lost track of what she was up to, though, and she checked her watch, hurrying back up to the castle to shower before Severus came back from class. If Severus was bothered, he said nothing, and Lydia offered up no details. They went about their day as though nothing had happened, having tea and doing marking, and discussing how they were planning on getting out of doing chaperone duty during the first Hogsmeade weekend. Lydia had actually nearly forgotten the kiss until she spent her afternoon a week later grading in her office, and an owl tapped anxiously at the window. She let it in, taking the note attached and getting some water for the bird before opening it, as always. Lydia, Apologies for the abruptness of this letter. I hope you aren't busy. I haven't checked my schedule. I wonder, can you meet for Halloween? I know you don't want to go to their graves, but I'm going and I was wondering if maybe you would meet me at the pub in Godric's Hollow for dinner. If that's not a good place we can pick somewhere else. Hoping to see you soon. Remus Her hands trembled slightly as she read this letter. There was something wrong, she couldn't put her finger on it. Something was off about Remus. Lydia watched the owl suck up the water like it hadn't been given something to drink in a week, and she considered how she might respond. That she knew of, she had no particular plans with Severus for the night of Halloween. It might even do her some good to get out of the castle, go somewhere else, even if it was Godric's Hollow. She would miss the feast, but she doubted very much that Albus would care. Besides, she almost thought Remus seemed distressed, and she wondered if saying no might lead to something unfortunate. She pulled a fresh piece of parchment to her and dipped her quill in the inkwell at her wrist. Remus, I'll be there. I'll meet you in the pub at, say, six-thirty? If you don't send back a different time, I'll assume that works for you. Take care. Could you lay some flowers on their grave for me while you're there? I'm sure you know what to do. Lydia Reading it over several times, Lydia decided it was probably as good as it was going to get, and she folded, sealed, and attached the letter to the bird's leg. "Back to Remus, now, go on," she said, ushering the bird out the window. She felt a bit bad about not letting it stay to drink more, but she had to clean up to take her things back to Severus's quarters before dinner. She didn't have time to let it drink its fill. No doubt Remus would indulge the bird, anyway. She closed the window and decided to destroy the letter from Remus. Better that than trying to sneak it past Severus later. She didn't particularly need it for anything, and it didn't say anything especially interesting or pleasing. Lydia burned the letter quickly down to ashes with a tap of her wand and she vanished the ashes with a swift wave. Then she packed up her things and went down the corridor, locking her office. "Miss Rowe." Lydia froze. The smooth, surprisingly warm voice of Terentius Banister was behind her. And because she paused, she couldn't keep walking pretending she hadn't heard him. She turned to look at him, surprised as she always was at how dead he looked, but how it almost suited his natural features. Unnerving. "Terentius," she said, trying not to be rude, but desperate not to encourage him. "Did you need something?" Suddenly, he smiled, and the expression looked so out of place on his face that it actually startled her. She took a small step back. How could an expression of amusement look so predatory? "You're afraid of me," he said. Not a question, a very plain statement. "Perhaps that is natural. Wise even, given everything." "Everything?" she said, watching him take slow, steady steps toward her down the corridor. It would be rude to run, but she didn't feel especially comfortable. How could she balance being professional with being terrified? "I know about Dalia Orenstein," he said simply. "Perhaps it will put you at ease to know that I find feeding under such circumstances is despicable. I prefer if my feed comes to me…willingly." The predatory smile was out again and she felt horrified, taking a small step back. He laughed. "I am not interested in your blood, Miss Rowe. It is not compatible to my feeding requirements, in any case." "What?" she said, puzzled. "It is a little known truth about vampires," he said, "that we had different dietary requirements. It depends on the requirements of the one who turned us and our own blood type. I do not smell your blood. You aren't compatible." Her muscles did relax, but she wondered how such a thing didn't become known even in texts that she'd read for her classes all those years ago. "That's…that's good, then," she said softly. "I don't mean to be afraid of you." "It's a reflex," he said, shrugging. "If Severus has told you of my parentage, I doubt that has worked in my favor either. Perhaps, if it would make you more comfortable, we could have tea somewhere more public. Perhaps the staff room?" Lydia wondered if that would be safe enough. Severus would probably not think so, but she did feel very rude when he hadn't done anything to offend her. She would look into his claims about blood types, but she supposed the staff room on the right day at the right time was a reasonably public place. "Alright," she said. "Next Friday, perhaps? After lunch?" "I look forward to it," he said, nodding his head slightly, his eyes thoughtful. "May I walk you to dinner?" "No, thank you, I'm meeting Severus," she said. He nodded again, smiling that same smile, that made her a bit uncomfortable. But she did feel a bit relieved that he was making concessions instead of just pressing her on a private meeting. Lydia met with Remus several days later, showing up at the pub as promised, stepping into it and feeling as though she'd gone back in time. She had only come to this pub once, on a girls' night with Lily shortly after Lily and James got married, before Sirius became too possessive. It hadn't changed a bit. Remus sat in the corner, looking tired, ragged, almost older. She saw a hole in the elbow of his jacket and she frowned, realizing that things were certainly wrong with Remus. "Hey," she said, sitting down across from him, trying not to show how startled she was with the tiredness in his eyes. "How was the graveyard?" "Quiet," he said softly. He rubbed his chin. "Have you only been the once?" She nodded, rubbing her hands together as she glanced around the pub. "Did you come here often?" she asked, avoiding looking him in the eye. "Before." "Every other week when I wasn't away on a mission," he said softly. "Half the time we went to London, half the time we came here. Sirius always preferred London, the Muggle feel." He snorted, gripping his firewhiskey glass tightly. Lydia frowned to herself, thinking about how odd that was. Sirius really had found Muggle scenes interesting. Was he scoping them out for attack, or was it that famous pureblood forbidden fruit sort of thing, wanting to consume the Muggle because they could? She picked up the mead he'd gotten for her and took a sip of it. Different than the stuff Rosmerta made, but not bad, certainly. She'd keep buying hers in Hogsmeade, all the same. "I suppose it was all an act," she said, casually, sitting back a bit. "The Muggle mania, the rebellion, me." "No," Remus said firmly. "Whatever else I can believe about Sirius, I can't believe that he didn't love you." A shiver ran through Lydia. Part of her wanted him to be right. For one thing, it meant that Remus didn't push her into Sirius's arms for no reason. It also made Lydia feel less of a fool, the thought that perhaps Sirius really had been in love with her. She still felt responsible and foolish, but it was worse to think that he'd only been using her from the beginning, part of his cover or perhaps a way to get at Lily more easily, to win Lily's trust. "There's so much I still don't understand," she said with a shrug before taking another drink of her mead. "So much that still doesn't add up. I doubt it ever will, not completely." "Does it matter if it does?" Remus said, almost bitterly. "Life isn't an equation, Lydia. You can't always tie up all the loose ends neatly." She frowned at him, setting down her drink instead of drinking from it. He hardly sounded like himself. "Remus, I know that." "Don't lie," he said. "Tell me you haven't tried to write an equation to figure it all out. To find your answers." Her mind flashed to the calculations she had done on the outcome of the war, the ones lost with Sirius's first house. "I won't lie," she said softly. "I have tried. But it didn't work." His lips twisted into an expression she'd never seen him wear before, something almost feral, and it made her nervous. "But you'll try again," he said, almost a growl. "Because you've no doubt blamed it on incorrect data, or incomplete information, or…some technical matter you can clean up to make it all work out." He looked directly in her eyes, his amber eyes wild and angry. "Life isn't like that, Lydia. There are things, there are horrors that can't be sanitized down to numbers. You went to the funerals, but you never saw…. You never saw them die." "Remus." "I saw them," he said, ranting, almost raving. Lydia wanted to back her chair away, but she was afraid to startle him with the motion. "I saw so many of them die. It's not like with Mary. I saw people turned inside out, innocent Muggles. Children. I saw people blown up in front of my eyes, like Sirius did to Peter. I even saw Sirius kill someone with Dark Magic once." He gave a humorless laugh. "Did I ever tell you that? Three people, he killed, in one night, and one of them he even used the Killing Curse. Didn't even hesitate." Lydia closed her eyes. She could still recall the look on his face the morning she found out he'd killed three Death Eaters. She never asked how. She didn't want to know. She didn't really want to know now, either. "It was a war," he continued. "I told myself it was what was going to happen. I should have seen then, Lydia. I should have…." She looked up when his voice broke off to see his hands pulling at his hair so tightly his knuckles had gone white. "I should have done more," he said, letting go of his hair. He stood and Lydia stood with him, but he pushed her back down into the chair harshly, ignoring the way a young couple nearby watched them with interest. "Some things in life are always going to be messy, Lydia. And my life, it's one of those things. And I think I've ruined enough of your life without ruining the rest of it." Before she could say a word, he had stormed out of the pub, leaving Lydia alone, stunned, trembling, and trying to ignore the fact that half a dozen strangers were staring at her. A/N: Review Prompt: So…. How's everybody feeling about Terentius now? :D -C
Lydia rubbed her hands together. The start of Quidditch season was always so cold. Severus would probably have tried to warm her hands if they were alone together, but they were on tense ground at the moment. It had nothing to do with her recent debacle with Remus. It was all about the fight between the Gryffindors and Slytherins over the opening match of the Quidditch season. More pointedly, the fact that she'd decided to take sides of the Gryffindors this year, as Minerva did her best not to take sides and Severus did it so blatantly. "I don't care how obnoxious you believe he is, Severus," she said darkly. "First of all, Charles Bysshe is an idiot if he thought he could get Charlie Weasley worked up by attacking his little brother. The two barely speak." Severus shrugged. He'd shrugged a lot since Charles Bysshe, Slytherin Keeper, was given a detention by Lydia for charming little Percy Weasley's hair pink. It was a struggle for her. She'd never assigned a detention for one of her students before, especially one of her best students, and the only detention she had ever assigned was for someone physically assaulting someone else over a girl or something stupid like that. And the spell was a strong, solid one. Lydia only had to glance at the Gryffindor stands to see a small dot of pink hair. Had it been the Hufflepuff stands she would have assumed it was Nymphadora Tonks, but she knew this was Percy Weasley. Albus told Madam Pomfrey that it would wear off with time, as if that was supposed to be a comfort to the poor first-year. "Welcome back, Hogwarts!" Bill's voice said over loudspeaker, and the stands exploded. There was no game more electric than this, with all the rest of the school backing Gryffindor, coming on the back of brutal and sneaky attacks in the halls by both sides. Madam Pomfrey was busy. "Today our two younger Captains face off to start the season, Tryphaina Poole of Slytherin and Charlie Weasley of Gryffindor." Spectators booed and cheered accordingly. "Poole has a year of experience captaining her side over Weasley, and an unchanged squad. Gryffindor has picked up a new Chaser in October, fourth year David O'Connor. It will be interesting to see what he brings to their game with Redfriend graduated, and if the Gryffindor line will be able to manage to tight formation of Slytherin." Lydia sat forward slightly as the Captains came forward to shake hands. Tryphaina and Charlie looked resolute, both very mature and captainly. Yes, Charlie was a slightly young Captain, but so had Tryphania been last year. So had James been back in school. Lydia's eye caught Terentius's. They'd made a wager after their first day of tea, which had gone well and uneventfully. She would have tea with him again after the staff meeting. If Gryffindor won, it would be in the staff room. If Slytherin won, it would be in Terentius's office. The whistle blew and Bill's voice commented rapidly on the quick-moving ball, but Lydia's eyes stayed on Charlie and Seanna, only watching the rest of the match if the Quaffle got close to either set of posts. Leea Mortimerson was an excellent Keeper, but Tryphaina had obviously been working on plans to beat her with incredible diligence, because the Slytherin Chasers were making her look like a child. And while Medea Rosetti had scored three goals very quickly on Charles Bysshe, it was clear quickly that David and Laurence were not at her level of brilliance. Charlie Weasley could be the best Captain in the world, but if his materials were poor there wasn't much he could do. Especially when the Slytherins had such quality. Charlie still had no sight of the Snitch and his Beaters were taxed with constant efforts to eviscerate the Slytherin line, which as Bill said, was compact and well-formed. Lydia was beginning to feel anxious, and she was frustrated that both Severus and Terentius were looking smug when the scoreline hit 30-160. If Charlie could catch the Snitch before the scoreline got any uglier, or if Medea could score another goal or two…. No such luck. Five Slytherin goals later, Lydia was wondering if there was some sort of discrete way to slide under the seat and hide. Minerva, up with Bill, was looking equally disturbed. If they couldn't manage to hold a decent line against Slytherin, they wouldn't get past Izabella Oakfoot when it came time to play Hufflepuff in the spring. And she didn't want to think of how Ravenclaw might fold to Slytherin when that match came around. It looked like a clear-cut Hufflepuff-Slytherin fight for the title this year. And depending on how quickly the new recruit for the Ravenclaw team shaped up, Slytherin might run away with it. After nearly two hours of the debacle, Charlie darted away faster than Seanna could keep up with, and her face contorted with frustration as she tried to find a way to get some more speed. But Charlie Weasley was remarkable ad diving, and his hand closed around the Snitch with ease, and what Lydia knew was Seanna's scream of frustration was overpowered by the rush of admiring sound from the stands, except Slytherin. Never mind that Slytherin won. Charlie Weasley ended the game on his terms anyway, something a great Seeker would always do. Lydia stood and clapped respectfully with the other teachers, but she wasn't pleased. She was exhausted and a bit annoyed. Severus, who should have been pleased, was a bit tense in spite of his smug expression. He knew of her wager with Terentius, and he wasn't thrilled. Even when she showed him the information in the restricted section about how not all blood agreed with all vampires, he still didn't much care for the idea of her seeing Terentius alone. But she promised that if she wasn't back without an hour that he could storm the office. The staff meeting wasn't a very productive one, as Lydia guessed when she found it was scheduled after the season opener. Severus was clearly struggling with his pleasure at winning so convincingly against Gryffindor and his desire to strangle Terentius. Minerva was out of sorts, perhaps wondering if there was some way to improve the abysmal two-thirds of the Chasers for her team. "Perhaps this year," Filius said brightly, completely unrelated to anything anyone had said or done, "I could get some wood nymphs for the hall! They decorate and sing. The fairies I usually procure are more or less tone deaf." Albus smiled, bemused, and everyone's expressions melted into some level of puzzled, and Lydia felt the urge to laugh. Professor Kettleburn rubbed his cheek with the three fingers remaining on his left hand thoughtfully and he said, "I have a colleague at Beauxbatons who has a very good relationship with the wood nymphs. I think it could be arranged, but it would be more expensive." She couldn't help it. Lydia laughed. All eyes turned to her, surprised in various levels. Severus raised his eyebrows, but he was not surprised. He was amused. "Sorry," she muttered. "Just…thought of something. What were you saying about wood nymphs, Filius?" She half-listened to discussions for Christmas decoration beyond agreeing to lend a hand with decorating, which Terentius surprisingly volunteered to do as well. When Filius expressed surprise, Terentius just shrugged and offered no explanation. When Albus broke up the staff meeting, Lydia gave Severus the most reassuring look she could muster before going to his office, which was mercifully not the same one Dalia and Valerius had, but a different one on the fifth floor. "This is more isolated," he explained when she asked why he hadn't taken the second-floor office. "I like privacy while I work, and company only when I expect it." "Seems reasonable," she said, sitting as he gestured while he put the kettle on. "Indeed. I believe Severus is the same, from observation. Milk or sugar?" Lydia shook her head, watching him put a significant amount of sugar into his own tea. He smirked at her curious expression and said, "I eat and drink like anyone else, as you may have noticed. And contrary to popular belief, it's hags that eat the blood lollies, not vampires. I just have to have blood every once in a while." "Have to?" she asked, mildly horrified. Remus craved things, but he would survive without devouring humans. "Well, we don't have to turn someone," he said, shrugging. "And it's only a small amount. Not enough to significantly drain someone's life force. That requires sustained feeding from an unwilling host." Lydia shivered and he apologized for the topic of conversation, pouring their tea and setting the cups down on his desk before sitting down across from her. Lydia breathed in the steam, making note that he did not put anything other than tea leaves and water in the cup. "I'm not poisoning you," he said, smirking. "But then, you live with a Potion's Master, don't you, so I suppose it must be a habit." Lydia stiffened, looking up at Terentius, startled. He was smiling. "Forgive me," he said, bowing his head slightly. "But you smell of ingredients far too often for it to be anything else. My sense of smell is much more sensitive than anyone else on staff, including Severus. I remember him during the war. You are good for him." Her heart was racing as she tried to understand this information, still not convinced that somehow Albus had some plan that involved telling Terentius. But then, the thing about sense of smell rang true. After a long pause, breathing in the steam while she tried to decide if she was going ask what was on her mind. Finally, she decided to go for it. "Terentius," she said, and he hummed that he was listening. "You keep saying things about unwilling and willing…. I was wondering…." "Yes," he said, before she could form the words. "Yes, I have willing donor. I feed periodically and he is compatible." His lips curled into a smile when she could not contain her curiosity, about to ask who this was. "Albus," he said calmly. "What?" He set down his cup and said, "Albus. He's my donor. I feed from him every month and a half or so, sometimes a little more often. I imagine during exams and the lead-up I'll be requiring much more frequent feeding." Lydia felt stunned, but also guilty. She'd been so angry with Albus, but as Remus had pointed out, he did so much for people who had no one on their side. That he would allow himself to be fed on by a vampire regularly just so that Terentius could have a job at Hogwarts. From there, she was mollified about her curiosity, and she allowed Terentius to turn the conversation to the Quidditch match, which he did with great satisfaction. She was a bit annoyed, but she spoke in defense of Charlie Weasley, pointing out her early thought that a Captain was only as good as the tools he had. Terentius did agree to this, and said, "Charlie is a very talented student. He has a particular interest in creatures. The more dangerous the better, it would seem." Lydia nodded. "He's mentioned dragons," she said, smiling. "I think he and Bill are something of daredevils. Is Percy like that?" He snorted, which caught her by surprise. "Merlin, no. Percy is so uptight. In all honesty, the pink hair is an improvement. It's subdued him. I can understand that you gave Mr. Bysshe detention, but I'm hoping the spell lasts for some time more, perhaps until the Christmas holiday." Lydia laughed and shrugged, and they talked about possibilities for decorating the castle for Christmas. Terentius seemed to have some kind of artistic passion, because he had all kinds of ideas beyond what Filius typically did, and Lydia had to admit that they were very good, creative ideas. Severus was not calm when she returned after dinner to their quarters, and he checked her vital signs and stripped her shirt off her to check her skin for any signs of violation. When he was finally satisfied that she was safe she told him about Albus feeding Terentius, and he was significantly more relaxed. "So you believe him," she said. "Terentius Banister is many things," Severus said thoughtfully as she got into her nightgown. "But he was never a liar. He could bend things, and expertly withheld information. But if he told you something, you knew it was true. If he isn't interested in your blood, then I am satisfied." She nodded and they went to bed, her falling into sleep easily, falling into dreams. Lydia was walking through the halls of Hogwarts in the dead of night, barefoot. The stone beneath her feet was cold and rough, and she couldn't remember where she was going or what she was looking for. She was near Gryffindor Tower, near the portrait of the Fat Lady where she had gone so many times. She needed to go back to Severus's quarters. Her feet were carrying her there, down the corridors, down staircases. The pathways so familiar, and yet things were not right. The corridors were bare, with no portraits dozing around her, no suits of armor, only one statue on the second floor that told her she was on the second floor. She saw one door per floor, but twice as many windows as usual, flowing an eerie, greenish light through the castle. Someone else should be awake, she thought, certain that Prefects or Filch should be patrolling. What would she say to someone who came across her wandering barefoot through the castle? Merlin forbid it be Albus. Severus would be missing her, she thought, taking twice as long to reach the end of the second floor corridor as usual. Was it stretching? The thought left her mind almost instantly, and she was back to thinking about Severus. Would he notice that his bed was emptier than usual? Would he wake in the night and panic to find her not there? She began to walk faster. She didn't want to worry him. Why had she left their bed in the first place? Was she sleepwalking? How had she ended up on the other side of the castle without even realizing? She reached the marble staircase and descended slowly, feeling a sudden sensation of foreboding. It was silly. Hogwarts was her home, the place she knew better than almost anywhere in the world. She had never felt unsafe at Hogwarts, even before the matches against Slytherin when she was a target of shameless sabotage. And yet now, creeping barefoot down the marble stairs to the entrance hall, she felt terrified about something she couldn't seem to recall. Something was wrong, but she didn't know what it was. Her feet ached from the cold of the steps. After what seemed like an eternity she stepped into the entrance hall. The stillness of the entrance hall was strange, and the hourglasses holding gems to count House points. They seemed to glow in moonlight that was odd, as there were no windows in the entrance hall. She couldn't figure out where it was coming from. The doors to the grounds were closed, and the Great Hall doors were only opened a crack. And yet they glowed strangely, the hourglasses, and she shivered to see that they were moving rapidly, except for Gryffindor. She crossed the hall to it to see that all the rubies were in the top, and they were releasing slowly into the bottom of the hourglass, one at a time. It hadn't looked anything like this after dinner. There was something eerily familiar about the way the rubies moved, almost dripping into a small pool at the bottom of the hourglass, and her pulse began to race, her mouth going dry. She had to get back to Severus. To go to bed. She felt for her wand, but she was still in her nightgown. It was on her bedside table. How could she have found herself in this situation? Slowly, Lydia turned to go down toward the dungeons, toward Severus's quarters. She took deep, steadying breaths as she stepped onto the stairwell down to the dungeons, but she only got about halfway down when she saw what was at the bottom. Lydia wanted to scream, but she couldn't find her voice, the sight of Mary's body hanging above the base of the stairs, the blood dripping off her toes in the same rhythm as the Gryffindor rubies. Her pale toes seemed to glow from a pale, impossible moonlight as her blood collected in a pool on the floor. She stumbled backward but her bare ankle caught the step above her, cutting on the sharp stone. She gasped in pain at the ache of the wound where the skin broke. Although she expected to fall, strong, almost suffocating arms wrapped around her, and a familiar voice was telling her something, telling her soothing things that did nothing to make her feel less panicked, less horrified. Didn't the voice see? Did he understand? Lydia's eyes opened and she felt her whole body trembling, drenched in sweat. Severus was still asleep beside her, his arms wrapped around her. Perhaps he shifted in his sleep, subconsciously trying to comfort her when her body began to show signs of distress. She took deep, steady breaths, trying to slow her heartrate. She wanted to close her eyes and focus but she was afraid that if she did she would see Mary's body again, too pale and limp as it hung, suspended in the air in that stairwell she used at least twice every day. She felt nauseous, but not enough to get up. If she moved she might wake Severus, and she didn't want him to worry. These things happened, after all. It was a product of surviving a war. But Lydia did not go back to sleep that night. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader s8xyvriska, with a reminder to check out the oneshot written for this story! Woot. Also, the pink hair for Percy was a color chosen courtesy of the winner of the 700th review prize, anita03. Haven't chosen a prize for the chance of winning one? Apparently I allow people to select details I've yet to decide on as well. Cheers. Review Prompt: Thoughts on Albus's sacrifice? Or is it even fair to call it that? Additional Review Prompt: For those of you who really like vampires, because I know you must exist, how am I doing? I realize I'm sort of taking them into my own hands a bit, but I don't want to be too predictable. I promise no glittery skin. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to my lovely friend, MissRoseAlanaHorton. We're both so excited with all the things to come that we're already talking about things that will be in book six and seven. So much stuff. -C After a long day of decorating with Filius and Terentius (who was even more into the decoration than Filius was, so the two just fed off each other), Lydia came back to Severus's quarters to find a note on the tea kettle that he was brewing and wouldn't be able to leave the potion until well after dinner, so not to wait for him. On this information, Lydia decided to order dinner in rather than forcing herself to be social. She was mostly socially exhausted. The elves brought her steak and kidney pie, and Lydia curled up after eating it with a book and a cup of tea, not wanting to strain herself to do things like lesson plans or the writing of problem sets or research. She was mildly entertaining the idea of going to check on Severus and his brewing when there was a tapping on the window. She sighed, getting up to let it in. The owl left as soon as she untied the note, which meant whatever it was didn't ask her any questions. Couldn't be from her publisher. They would only write to request her latest manuscript, which was technically a week overdue. She'd get it in the post sometime tomorrow, she thought to herself, turning over the note. The handwriting on the outside was Remus's, and from the few words of script that comprised the address, Lydia knew very certainly several things about the letter she held in her hands. She knew it was an apology for his behavior on Halloween. She knew that it would contain an explanation for his behavior, probably something to do with the death of his landlady, which she read in the paper two days after they met for drinks. Perhaps it said something about a new living situation, back in work, something to that effect. She was surprised when the door opened and Severus came in to see her holding the letter. "What's that?" he asked, taking off his robes and tossing them in the hamper he kept by the door for things that might be contaminated from brewing. "Letter from Remus," she said, frowning. "An apology, I presume." He snorted, but he held in what she knew were his comments about how Remus didn't know how to apologize properly. "I'll leave you to your letter, then," he said. "I have to shower. Did you eat?" She nodded. "As did I. Perhaps when I finish we can get some rest. You'll want to be up early for presents tomorrow." He didn't wait for her to nod again before going straight in to the bathroom. She stood there holding the letter, watching after him, until the sound of the shower being turned on. Then she looked down at the envelope in her hands. She knew what it would say. Since he didn't expect a response, there was nothing important in it. Without thinking too much on what he might have said worth reading, without telling herself that she wasn't that mad at him, Lydia set the envelop on the end table, tapped it with her wand, and watched it disintegrate rapidly into ashes, with just a brief flash of flame. She vanished the ashes and took a deep breath. She hadn't realized her hands were shaking until she tried to put her wand back in her pocket but kept missing. She sucked in deep breaths and went straight into the bedroom. Lydia changed into her nightgown, hesitating only for a moment for reasons she couldn't think of before pulling the nightgown on over her head. She smoothed her hair and climbed into bed, hugging her pillow to the side of her face and wondering if she would regret burning the letter in the morning. Severus turned the shower off not too long after she got into bed, and she stayed perfectly still with her back to the bedroom, listening to him getting out, probably changing into pajamas, brushing his teeth – that sort of thing. She heard the door open and could almost feel his eyes on her as she curled up, keeping her back to him, pretending to already be asleep. They could talk tomorrow, or perhaps on Boxing Day, but she didn't feel in any frame of mind to discuss Remus. Severus paused, but she heard him cross to the bed and climb in beside her, felt his arm wrap around her waist. "Lydia?" he whispered. She didn't respond, keeping her body as relaxed as possible. After a few moments, he relaxed to, resting his head on his pillow and adjusting behind her. Lydia closed her eyes, feeling marginally relieved, and she felt Severus press his lips to the back of her neck gently. It felt nice, having him hold her and treat her so tenderly, in spite of thinking she was asleep. He took a while to fall asleep, tracing his fingers along her side gently. At one point she hummed and shift slightly, hoping he would worry about waking her and stop. She was finding it hard to get to sleep when he was doing that. Instead, he sifted to a different part of her abdomen to trace. Lydia closed her eyes a little more tightly and waited until his hand grew heavy against her, until his breathing changed. When she knew he was asleep, she rolled over and watched his face. His hand was now on her back, and she moved closer, feeling an urge to touch his jaw gently, but not wanting to wake him now that he was finally asleep. Instead, she leaned close enough to feel his breath. She closed her eyes again, this time a bit more comfortable, a bit more content, and she fell asleep basking in the warmth of his hold. The following morning was Christmas as usual, with presents and Severus ordering breakfast in. They'd made a bit of a habit, she realized, of breakfast in bed together on holidays. Lydia noticed there was no gift from Remus, but she hadn't sent him one this year, either. She felt a strange, guilty feeling in the pit of her stomach about this, but she reminded herself that it wasn't her fault. They went to the feast, and everyone praised the wonderful work the decorating crew had done. Lydia deflected all the praise onto Filius and Terentius, which was really where it belonged. She did spellwork, but they were the creative workings. Lydia was pleased to be alone in their quarters again when the feast was over, and she put the kettle on, assuming Severus would want tea. He said nothing, but she prepared a cup for him anyway. She stirred in the honey when she poured, and then she handed him his cup before sitting down beside him, setting her own cup down to cool. "How poor of an apology was it this time?" Severus asked without any prompting. She closed her eyes and shrugged. "I don't know." "You don't know?" "I didn't read it." He raised an eyebrow questioningly over his teacup, but he continued to sip it cautiously. Lydia looked down at her hands, trying to think of a way to explain that he could understand. "I already knew what he would say," she said softly. "And even though I still love him, and someday I'll forgive him and we'll be able to rebuild, I'm still too angry at him right now. What's the point reading an apology you know you're not ready to accept?" Severus said nothing, taking another few sips of tea before he said, "You will forgive him?" "Yes, eventually," she said softly. "He wasn't himself when he said those things, and even knowing that, it's going to take some time for me to feel okay about him saying those things to me." He nodded. She knew that he was thinking how long it took her to stop being mad at him for some of the more awful things he had said to her, but how he would skew how long Remus's redemption would be she couldn't say. "I don't know how long it will take," she said softly. "But I will forgive him." Severus set down his teacup. "He will have to redeem himself?" Severus said, wrapping an arm around her waist. Lydia hesitated. She hadn't given much thought to what it would take for her to forgive Remus. She anticipated that there were things that would make it easier to forgive him. Apparently, this time, that didn't mean a letter of apology, but if he showed up at Hogwarts, she would talk to him. It wouldn't be the same, not at first, but she would listen, and if he was contrite, if he was settled again, she would go for drinks. She rubbed her eyes. "I suppose," she said. "I don't know. I haven't thought about this very thoroughly. I guess I could say that if he doesn't redeem himself it will take a lot longer for me to feel okay about this. But I'm not really sure what he needs to do." "I know," Severus said, kissing the side of her face. "He needs to stop making you cry. And he needs to stop being selfish." "Sev." "No," he said firmly. "If he can do those things, and he can deserve you. But until he does those things, he never will." Lydia frowned down at her fingers. "You do know that if all that happens as you're suggesting, I would leave you." "I know." She shivered slightly. She closed her eyes and wondered just how delicate this conversation was. It was so strange, having this conversation, one she never would have dreamed of breeching without his prompting. "You are being remarkably calm about this," she said, opening her eyes and turning to see him staring at her very intently. "Perhaps I am," he said, tracing his fingers along her jaw. He kissed her jaw just at her pulse point, and she could feel her heart beginning to race just at the anticipation of what that gesture always meant. She smiled as she realized what he was up to. Lydia pulled away slightly to look him in the eye and said, "You're only okay with this because you don't think he's ever going to meet those standards, aren't you?" Severus said nothing, looking at her levelly for a long, heavy moment before kissing her, his aggressiveness saying it all. Lydia laughed against his lips, finding she didn't really mind that he was only being supportive of her choices in a very limited fashion, as she was pleasantly surprised that he was supportive at all. The tea and even the conversation and its concessions were quickly forgotten, and Lydia found that while the kiss did not become heated, it did deepen, and Severus held her as close to his body as he could without her climbing on top of him. As his hands began to explore and caress her body above her clothes, Lydia pressed her face into his neck and breathed him in, closing her eyes and simply feeling the specific warmth that came from being this close, this connected to Severus. After some time she pressed her lips to his neck. She did have a vague thought as his fingers tangled in her hair, encouraging her kisses on his skin, that Severus had certainly made strides in dealing with the Remus situation this time, and she wondered if the understanding would continue. She was a bit disappointed when he pulled away from her, placing a gentle kiss on her nose before saying, "I have brewing to do. Can you occupy yourself, or do you want to join me?" Lydia did want to join him, but she thought of the mountain of work she had to accomplish before students returned and she shook her head. "I think it's maybe best if I do some of my marking and actually get things ready to send to my publisher." He snorted. "Well, I have to do it eventually," she said stretching. "Lydia, if you were a month late your publisher would still be thanking you on bended knee. You're the most regular-publishing scholar alive. I'm sure you've made him a fortune, and what you've done for his reputation can't even be measured in gold." She could feel a flush in her cheeks, but she just shrugged. Severus left for his lab and said he would be back for dinner, and not to go to the Great Hall because he had arranged for it to be brought in by the elves. Lydia waited for him to be gone before finishing her tea, cleaning the cups, and brewing herself a second cup of tea. While it was steeping and cooling, she took out the essays, deciding that she would do her marking while she waited for inspiration on the adjustments she needed to make on her work. Starting with the third year essays, Lydia read over her prompt to reacquaint herself with her own standards. It had been so long since she assigned the work. Then she opened the folder she kept the stack of essays in, picking up the closest one, not looking at the name at the top before reading the first paragraph, pursing her lips as she saw phrases very obviously copied from the textbook. If they were going to copy books, they at least ought to copy ones that weren't assigned for the class. But then, many students didn't bother with the library. Lydia rubbed her eyes and opened her ink well, not dipping her quill, but knowing that she would need to do so very shortly. She recognized the handwriting without bothering to read the name at the top of the paper. This was Liamh Stebbins's work. She was a sweet Hufflepuff, apparently with significant skill in Charms and more than passable understanding of partial Transfiguration, but she had almost no aptitude for Arithmancy. Lydia had no doubt that Liamh would plod along to O.W.L.s, and would possibly even get an Acceptable, but she would never be able to grasp the concepts required for advanced study of the subject. Lydia read the essay as patiently as possible before making a few kind-as-she-could comments and writing at the bottom to see her in office hours. Picking up the next paper, Lydia saw Ravenclaw Zia Jackson's name at the top of the page. Zia was a Muggleborn, and one who hadn't seemed to find her place. Severus said she was adequate in Potions, but had no creativity within the subject, and no ability to solve problems should they arise. She would certainly earn an O.W.L., but if she qualified for N.E.W.T. level she would struggle. According to her records, she was top of her year in History of Magic, but that subject was entirely memory-based. In Arithmancy, Zia was really beginning to shine. She would never be an Arithmancer because she did not have the necessary creativity to be a scholar, but her ability to grasp the concepts at a remarkable rate and depth proved that she would be very capable of a job requiring advanced Arithmancy knowledge. Lydia had no doubt, Zia was a student she would be recommending for work in years to come. The smooth, loopy hand that trademarked Zia's work was a comfort after Liamh's tight scrawl, and the fact that her essay was about a third again as long as everyone else's was more a function of large handwriting than over-writing. But her ideas were crisp and well-articulated, and she very clearly understood the information behind the questions Lydia was asking, not simply thinking on the surface level. She used books that were not their textbook, and even included her own sample calculations from the theorems being discussed. Lydia pulled out her planner and made a note to herself to tell Bill and Doran to keep an eye on Zia for future leaders of the Arithmancy Club when it came around to that. Working through the third and fourth year essays took her all the way to dinnertime, and she was just making a note on Bria McDougal's paper to remind her of a quirk in standard notation to be used in essay form that differed from equation etiquette when Severus returned from brewing. "How was work?" he asked, kissing her forehead and sitting down beside her. "Productive," she said happily. "Food will be here in a few minutes," he said, glancing down at the essays she'd just graded. "Miss McDougal is very…" "If you say lazy, I'll hit you." "Then I won't." "And if you say one word about Eutheymia Middleton, I will hit you as well," Lydia said, putting the period at the end of her note and blotting ink off her quill. "She may be painfully bad at Potions, but she is a gloriously meticulous Arithmancy student." "No doubt," he said in a drawl that told Lydia quite plainly that he was unconvinced. "I'll make tea." Lydia shook her head, clearing her papers, putting the essays in their folders and slipping them back into her bookbag. Severus set her tea down and took a sip of his. "Just two years' worth?" he asked, smirking. "That's, what, three dozen students? That's only one years' worth of essays for me." Lydia smiled to herself. "You should feel very lucky I have such a light workload, then," she said, tapping his nose condescendingly as she passed him, carrying the bag back into the bedroom. "If I had your courseload to grade, on top of my research responsibilities, I don't think I would have any time for sex." She pursed her lips together to keep from laughing as she imagined what the look on his face would be when she went back out to the sitting room. A/N: So, site was down. Now it's back. Hooray! Things happen, I suppose. Ah, well, I'm BACK! Review Prompt: Imagine you're Remus. What did the letter actually say? Use the word "opprobrious." -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to faithful reader/reviewer/PMer OleYelir! So nice to be talking to you again! -C "Legilimens." The wall held, and Lydia focused on the strength of the wall, the solidity, the way it wound around her mind, lengthening, strengthening, holding certain memories in the fore and growing every stronger around the memories she could sense as tagged with elements she did not want to share. She could feel Severus pressing at those points, but she held her own, responding and adjusting to his attack. It was a strain, but she had grown stronger, more capable of holding up the wall. Her defenses began to be stretched thin, however, as she realized he was attacking a less fortified section in the wall. Knowing how easy it would be for Severus to circumvent the untagged memories, she tried to fortify the section he attacked, but it was too little too late. He was in. Lydia was in her sitting room in her childhood home. She had just opened the blinds to see the people across the street, the Snape family. She was eating potatoes, watching the shadow of Tobias Snape beating his wife. She felt an eerie, reinforced calm that did not correlate well with what was happening. A shiver ran through Lydia as she took a sip of tea, but she kept watching. She glanced up and saw the shadow of Severus in his bedroom window, a book on his lap. A rush of relief. The tea was set on the table, and Lydia returned to the potatoes she had made. A shriek ran out through the street, the whole street, and another, stronger shiver ran down Lydia's spine as she looked up to see that Eileen's head was being bashed against the wall. Severus's shadow form froze at the sound. The screams increased. Lydia set down her potatoes, a massive shot of fear running through her. "No," she could hear herself saying, a hoarse whisper. "No, please don't go downstairs, Severus. Please, please, please." She closed her eyes and squeezed them for a moment before allowing them to open again. There were tears on her cheeks, but she did not move to wipe them away. Severus downstairs now, and he was pulling Tobias off Eileen. "No," Lydia's voice said, a squeak, and she thought very seriously about closing the curtains. Her hands twitched toward them, but did nothing. "Just let her die, Severus. It's not worth this." Tobias let go of Eileen and turned on Severus. Lydia saw the form of Eileen sliding down the wall like dead weight and she thought very seriously that Eileen could truly be dead this time. Perhaps she ought to call the police, and she took a single, stumbling step backward, toward where the telephone sat in the kitchen. Lydia feel nausea and painful choices rushing through her as a wave. Her eyes closed and squeezed again, and then she opened them. Tobias had knocked Severus unconscious, and now the monstrous man left the front room, going somewhere she could not see from her vantage point. Three solid minutes watching, waiting, although they seemed to go faster than that. Then Severus stirred. Lydia could feel her breathing being held but was not conscious of holding it. He pulled himself to his feet, one hand touching his head, presumably where the blow had landed. He leaned down to check that his mother was alive before using some Healing charms. Eileen Snape was alive. When she was presumably stable, Severus turned to the window and nodded slightly, still clutching his head. Obviously knowing she was watching, perhaps knowing she was struggling with the thought to go and help him. She closed her curtains, the rush of emotions still pulsating through her as she considered her potatoes as though nothing at all had happened. But the emotions, something was missing. She sat in their bed, looking up at Severus's dark, fathomless eyes, wondering still what had been wrong, what had been missing in that last set of memories. "Your emotions," she said softly. "Usually I could feel your emotions, but there I…. There was nothing. Severus blinked, then shrugged. "I have none," he said softly. "They are gone. What use is there in feeling?" Lydia narrowed her eyes, but said nothing. She suspected that he had been practicing some Occlumency of his own while inside of her memory. If she was right, that meant this memory affected him more than seeing her with Sirius, more than seeing her kiss Remus…. Even dead, their parents had so much control over the way they were. "How do you feel?" he asked. "You were experiencing some intense emotions." Not speaking, Lydia held out her arm for him to feel her pulse. "If I gave you chamomile and a bit of a Calming Draught, would you drink it?" She raised an eyebrow at him, wondering if he had honestly asked her that question. She hated chamomile, and the idea of taking a Calming Draught for a bit of agitation caused by an unpleasant memory was repulsive to her. "Is there anything I can offer that you would take?" he said, pinching the bridge of his nose with frustration. "You are putting your body and mind through a great deal of strain, and it isn't healthy to ignore signs that you need extra help coping with that strain." Lydia said nothing, merely looking levelly at him. She wasn't interested in medicating herself for just anything, especially knowing that Severus was willing to medicate her for just about anything outside of the normal. He liked to feel like he had some control over her condition. Before he could try to coax her into at least the chamomile – which she was less likely to agree to than the potion – there was a small tingling sensation that told her someone was at her quarters, waiting for her. "I think Minerva might be looking for me," she said, frowning. "Someone's at my quarters. May I?" Severus nodded, gesturing for her to use his grate, which she did, Flooing to her own quarters. She had just stepped out of the grate and dusted herself off when she saw that instead of Minerva it was Remus standing there, obviously having just paused in pacing the floor. "I wasn't aware Floo was a typical inner castle transportation method for teachers," he said, obviously trying to lighten the mood, but his posture was tense and his voice was tight. "It's not," Lydia said, smoothing her skirt primly, licking her lips and looking down at her toes to keep from admiring how improved he looked since Halloween. "Sometimes Severus or I will use the Floo to keep students from gossiping about us spending so much time together. You know teenagers." She imagined that Remus was sporting a wry or perhaps grim smile, nodding to himself. "I'm sorry," he said. "I hadn't…. I mean, I told myself not to come, but somehow I didn't listen." "To yourself?" He said nothing. Lydia chanced a look up at him to see that he was rubbing his eyes, perhaps trying to decide what to say. "Why don't we sit?" she said, determined to be polite if nothing else. Remus shifted on his feet, but after she sat down he followed her example, and he rubbed the heels of his hands on the thighs of his trousers, which were one of his less-worn pairs. She could see a small patch at the left heel, but nothing really severe. "I didn't want to pressure you into seeing me," he said softly. "Into forgiving me. I…. What I said was inexcusable." "I haven't forgiven you," Lydia said softly. Remus nodded, rubbing his hands more rapidly on his trousers, still not meeting her eyes. "And I burned the letter." He paused, his whole body tensing for a fraction of a second before he began rubbing his hands again, nodding stiffly. "You shouldn't forgive me," he said, still not meeting her eyes. "The things I said…. Lydia, I don't like to carry regrets. It's too easy to regret. But if I could take back the things I said to you, I would do it." Just as Lydia believed fully that Severus meant the horrible things he'd once said about Remus, she fully believed that Remus hadn't meant a word he'd said to her in Godric's Hollow. She closed her eyes, wishing something in his life could just be stable for more than a few months. "I will forgive you eventually," she said softly, both wanting to place a hand on his hand and not wanting to touch him. "I'm just not ready." "I understand." He didn't understand. He couldn't possibly understand. He stood, muttering something about wishing her a good night, that he wouldn't bother her until she was ready. Lydia wasn't listening. She looked up at him, wishing he would look her in the eye before he left. Just once, just a brief look. As he was making his way to the door, Lydia said, "Remus, are you well?" Just as she'd hoped, he looked her in the eye, a bit surprised. She was struck with the beauty of his amber eyes all over again, like the very first time she met him at eleven years old. He'd been afraid to meet her eye then as well, an under-socialized, nervous boy too scared that if people knew his secret they would hate him and fear him. Those same eyes were that same closed, same fearful fullness she had seen for so many years, before he really opened up and found understanding in his fellow Gryffindors. She felt a physical pain in her chest to see that expression in his eyes again after so many years. "I'm as well as can be expected," he said softly. "Don't worry about me, Lydia. Somehow I always manage to land on my feet." So many things she could say to that. Even cats only have nine lives. And he wasn't even a cat, he was a wolf. Everyone they loved landed on their feet, too, until they didn't anymore. But she said nothing, just nodding and asking him to take care of himself. His eyes softened, as she hoped, and he said he would before taking his leave. As soon as he was gone Lydia shivered, although she wasn't sure why. She decided it would be most prudent to shower before going back to Severus, so she found a set of clothes she kept in her quarters – just in case – and took a quick shower, rinsing away the heaviness in her limbs, the strange sensation that was building in her body. She felt so many mixed feelings about what she had said to Remus, one thing being a bit of fear. The one thing Remus had always had in his life, the one constant, was that Lydia would always love him and forgive him no matter what he did or said. Now that she wasn't forgiving him right away, what would he do? How would he react? Had that look been in his eyes before she'd told him she'd burned the letter, before she laid out her dissatisfaction? Or was it her fault that he'd been reduced to the scared, lonely boy who was afraid to make friends for fear of losing them? She decided to ask Albus to check in on him, just to be safe. Severus must have felt a bit of damp in her hair when he responded to the kiss she gave him, because he did not ask who was at her quarters. Instead he kissed her lips, kissed her face, and they went back to their day. She was pleased, because in the morning she had classes again, and the last thing she wanted to do before the start of term was to fight with Severus. She didn't know how he would critique her conversation with Remus, and she didn't want to know. She simply wanted to enjoy her last hours of freedom before she was a teacher again, in earnest. Lydia returned to classes and had her fifth year students on the first day, and she was puzzled to see Nymphadora Tonks and Charlie Weasley arrive first, as she always was when Tonks was early for anything but a meal. "Hello, Professor," the girl said, her hair a shoulder-length, spikey blonde today, but her eyes that same Black-family-gray. "Professor Snape suggested that I try handing over my wand in classes where I don't need it, and have Charlie or Nina hold on to my shoelaces until class is over." Amused and a bit aggravated that Severus would make such extreme suggestions, Lydia said, "Don't you think that might be a bit much?" But the girl was quite adamant, holding out her wand, and Charlie said a bit softly, "She put Professor Flitwick in the hospital wing this morning after breakfast. It was an accident, but…. Professor Snape feels it might be prudent to consider your safety, Professor." Lydia wanted to roll her eyes and was actually itching to know what happened to Filius. But between Severus and the rumor mill she would have the story by the end of the day without embarrassing the girl who was obviously distressed enough. "I'll take good care of it," Lydia said earnestly. "Everything will be fine, Miss Tonks. I promise. But do me a favor. Don't bother with your shoelaces. Let's just have an understanding that you show up early and go to your desk carefully, and don't leave it until the end of class. And then you leave it carefully. Does that seem reasonable to you?" This was clearly the right way to frame this, because the girl looked visibly relieved as she agreed to this arrangement. And then as she went to sit in her desk she promptly tripped over her own feet and stumbled to the floor, hitting her head violently on the desk. Charlie yelped and Lydia rushed to the girl's side, and Charlie commented on how much blood there was. "Relax," Lydia said, almost laughing. If they could have seen the things she saw in the war they would probably laugh at themselves, too. "Face cuts always bleed worse than they are. Hold still, Miss Tonks. I need to be sure this spell doesn't get your eyes. It's an unfortunate result that is difficult to reverse." Perhaps for the first time in her life, Nymphadora Tonks sat perfectly still and waited for Lydia to heal and clean the wound with a few quick spells. Tonks touched her forehead when Lydia nodded, and she grinned when it came away clean. "It didn't even sting," she said cheerfully. "You're way better than Madam Pomfrey. It always stings when she does it." Lydia bit her lip to keep from laughing as Charlie helped his friend to her seat while the other students filed in. She knew from stories from James and Sirius that Madam Pomfrey made it sting in hopes that students who injured themselves so regularly would stop the risky behaviors that led to the injuries in the first place. If the Marauders hadn't taught the woman that such policies accomplished nothing, Lydia figured there was no point trying to point it out now. Apart from Tonks's injury, the rest of the day went forward without a hitch, just a perfectly normal day of class. Severus came by to walk her to lunch and told her the details of Filius's injury, which was namely that she'd been trying to Summon a set of books she'd dropped when she tripped over something – presumably her shoelaces, possibly the air – and managed to overzealously Summon her Charms professor instead, and he hit the wall quite forcefully. After classes, Lydia did a bit of marking that she hadn't managed to finish over break, and she did some cursory edits of her latest manuscript, nearly ready to send it to her publisher. She was just locking up her office to head down to see Severus when she heard some anxious voices coming from down the hall, one of them Terentius. "It isn't as though it's a secret, Albus." Lydia held her breath. She felt like she shouldn't be listening, but she had an itching sensation in the pit of her stomach telling her she needed to hear. "It is a greater secret than you've ever believed," Albus said darkly. "I recognize that some of the options are unviable, pardon the word, but surely there is something you can do." Terentius sighed heavily and said, "The options are greatly limited as it is, Albus, and I cannot do the things you are asking. And even if you asked me, I wouldn't turn her. I wouldn't wish this on anyone, Albus." "You say your condition is manageable." "I tell that to politicians and bigots. Even with feeding the hunger is painful, and that's nothing on the social situation." There was a pause and then Albus said, "There has to be an option other than your taking such a role. If you went to Romania, what protection would she have here?" "That's what I'm saying, Albus. My presence here doesn't protect Lydia Rowe. If anything, given what I've learned of the new political climate, I'm only putting her in danger. This isn't my choice, Albus. Taking my place in the community is the only option. Maybe there I can finally do some real good." Lydia couldn't seem to breathe, not since she'd heard her own name. The corridor seemed to spin, but she caught her hand on the stone. "It isn't urgent," Terentius continued. "But it is imperative." "You can last until June." Albus said softly. "See if anything changes. If not. If not I suppose you will have to go to Romania after all. You won't be able to make immediate change. You may have to take victims instead of donors." "Better faceless victims in Romania than enticing them to Hogwarts, Albus. You're no stranger to hard choices." A/N: Well now! Review Prompt: What was the most embarrassing thing you did/witnessed as a student? Ever accidentally injure someone else like dear Tonks? -C
A/N: A big thank-you to WickedGreene13, whose suggestions helped inspire this chapter's Occlumency lesson. Lydia was wondering why Severus had done nothing all of Valentine's Day, but it had given her more time to read on the politics of the vampire colonies on the continent – not that much was known about them. She returned from the library to find Severus frowning at the foremost Potions journal in Britain, scratching his chin thoughtfully. She sat down beside him, wrapping her fingers in his hair and looking over his shoulder. "Controversy?" "Hmm?" "You're engrossed. I assumed there must be something new and controversial. Something about the common leech as a coagulating agent again?" "No," he said, folding the journal closed and tossing it aside, leaning back and wrapping an arm around her waste. "No, just someone being foolish. It happens frequently, but not often people of a certain stature. How was your time in the library?" "Frustratingly unproductive," she said with a sigh, pressing her lips to his neck. She was tired. She hadn't managed to sleep a whole night through for more than a month, and although she had only woken Severus once, she had a feeling that he knew she was having difficulties sleeping. Still, they scheduled an Occlumency lesson for morning, and she was determined to sleep through the night for once. And she had a plan on how to do that. Lydia traced her lips up Severus's neck to his jaw, where she pressed them gently to the tender skin, feeling his pulse race at the contact, feeling his fingers tracing up to her breast as he tried to anchor himself. He muttered her name, and Lydia responded by gently taking a bit of the flesh of his jaw between her teeth, rolling the skin more than biting down, appreciating the way his breath hitched as she did this. Encouraged, Lydia lightly pressed her teeth into his skin. Severus hissed, his fingers flexing into her breast on instinct, and she enjoyed the way his whole body tightened at just a simple gesture. Lydia sucked and nipped at that spot for several minutes before pulling away and leading him with a smile to bed. She was pleased to his black eyes had darkened with desire, and that his breathing was heavy as he watched her cross the room. Inside the bedroom, but without closing the door between them, she peeled off her robes, knowing he was watching her. Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse, let it ripple to the floor. Her hands barely touched the zip on her skirt when she felt Severus take the whole distance between them in a few long strides and slip his fingers against the zip. "You're trying to torture me," he rasped against the shell of her ear as he lowered the zip. "Did you think I had forgotten what today is? Is this what you're punishing me for?" Lydia said nothing, feeling her hands begin to tremble with anticipation as he pushed the skirt over her hips, ignoring it as it fell to the ground, as she stepped out of the imperfect circle it made. His cold hands traced up her bared skin as he stood behind her, and Lydia hissed as his fingers slipped under her bra to tease her nipple. She rested her head against his chest, sighting. "Remove these and get in bed," he said in a dark, low, dangerous voice, and she felt him pull away from her. Lydia whimpered slightly at the loss of pressure on her body, but she did as she was told, climbing into bed and watching as he pulled off his own clothes. She didn't know when she'd stopped seeing it as an innocent act, and began seeing it as a precursor to intimacy, but every time she watched him undress her heart began to race. She clenched her fingers, balling handfuls of the sheets in her fists, watching him cross the room, waving his wand to close the door before tossing it aside, climbing onto the bed, between her legs, pressing his lips to hers immediately. Lydia melted beneath him, letting go of the sheets to pull him closer, wrapping her legs around him to bring him against her. "I would never forget," he whispered, pressing his fingers against her folds, and smirking both at how wet she was and the way she bit her lip at the content. "I simply saw no reason to distract you from your work. Now, though, I have your attention." Lydia hissed as he thrust two fingers inside of her with no warning, tossing her head back onto the bed, short of the pillows that seemed irrelevant. She shifted her hips to give him better access, feeling the friction building as he thrust in and out with his fingers, not bothering to begin slow. The sensation of heat and ecstasy building in her did not start slow, either. Severus pushed her to the edge, then pulled his fingers from her, looking down at her as she tried to focus her vision on him. Before she could find her voice, her breath, the presence of mind to even move, he pressed her legs further apart and thrust inside of her, filling her so completely she didn't know if she was ready to handle the sudden extreme of the sensation. But Severus did ask if she could handle it. He simply buried himself in her, groaning at the sensations. Lydia grabbed at his neck, pulling his lips to hers as he began to move. Frenzy wasn't quite the right word for the way they moved together, but it was close, just a step off of desperation, and by the time they came, Lydia was so exhausted she was certain she would sleep through the night. Severus engaged her in a few sleepy kisses before pulling her under the covers, holding her. "Was that a suitable Valentine's Day?" he asked, resting his head on his pillow. She hummed in agreement, nuzzling her face against his neck as she allowed herself to fall into the lately not-peaceful world of sleep. The place she walked through was familiar, but she couldn't remember why. It just looked like a simple neighborhood, just a basic place where anyone might live. Lydia had a distinct sensation that she had been here before, but she couldn't remember when or why. Someone is walking into a nearby house, someone with a familiar gait, flipping a bit of dark hair over her shoulder. Lydia followed the young woman, watching the door close, watching the light turn on in the front room. The shadow of the girl was so familiar, but Lydia couldn't think why. The girl looked around at the street for a moment before making herself some tea and picking up a book, a motion that looked stiff and unfamiliar. Lydia let her eyes graze the neighborhood, the hydrangea arrangements in front of each dwelling. Something in the pit of her stomach said this was a place she should know. A small glimpse of bloomed hydrangea down the street caught her eye, a soft blue visible even in the glow of street lamps. Lydia's jaw tensed as something in her memory stirred. It wasn't a place she had been often, but certainly a place she had been. Artemis's street. Artemis was the woman who had just gone into the house Lydia was standing outside, and Lydia felt a horrified feeling in the pit of her stomach. Sure enough, there were figures, dark hooded figures, approaching all around on broomsticks. Lydia could feel her breath in her throat but she couldn't release it. Was she there, would she feel the burning of the explosion? Or would she feel nothing as the street around her charred and burned? Lydia wasn't sure which was worse. Her eyes went back to Artemis, who was sipping her tea, reading her book, unaware. Was this really how it went? Did Artemis really have no warning that she was about to die? The street began to burn on the other end, and Lydia braced herself. She could feel the heat from eight houses away. Artemis did not move, unaware. The fire was moving quickly as houses exploded, and screams were rising up. Artemis dropped the book, pulling out her wand quickly, but there was nothing she alone could do. Lydia had no wand, standing on the street in the dark, except that it was no longer dark. Half the street was already ablaze, and the destruction was spreading, now from both directions. The heat was growing intense now, and Lydia could almost feel her skin peeling off her from the heat, bubbling and blistering, coming away from her body. She was in too much pain to scream. She opened her eyes out of breath, feeling hot, like she was suffocating. She needed water, needed to put herself under a cold shower and feel the ache of icy water remind her that she hadn't truly burned alive. Severus held her tightly, though, and she worried what to say if she woke him. Lydia decided it was worth the risk, untangling herself from Severus, who shifted as she tried to get away, moving with her, trying to keep her in his arms. She managed to get out of his hold, and she went straight to the bathroom, pouring a glass of water and gulping it down as rapidly as possible. When it was gone she turned on the shower as close as it would go and stepped in, shivering. She fought the urge to turn the water up warmer, relishing the feel of the ache of cold. She knew that Severus would be worried if she went back to bed feeling this cold, and it might be enough to wake him, but she didn't care. Sitting on the floor of the shower, Lydia drew her knees to her chest. Every night she'd seen someone different die, she'd seen Mary almost twice a week. But this was the first time she'd imagined Artemis's death like this, one she had only heard about from her friends. What would it look like, watching a person blown to bits? Remus had seen it, multiple times. Sirius had done it, done it to poor Peter. Severus knocked at the door and opened it, blinking, bleary-eyed as he took in her appearance. "Are you unwell?" he asked. Lydia considered her options. She could tell him about the nightmares, or she could try to pretend that nothing was wrong. "Hot flash," she lied, rubbing her face in her hands. "I didn't mean to wake you." "I could have given you something," he said, leaning into the shower and pressing a hand to her forehead. "Lydia, you're freezing. You'll make yourself ill." She allowed him to lift her out of the shower, but she closed her eyes, feeling a strange sense of loss as her body grew warm again. "Are you sure you feel well?" he pressed, checking her pulse and her pupils. "Taking something isn't always the answer, Severus. Come, let's just go back to bed." He hesitated, but perhaps he felt there was no point pressing her at this time of night. Severus helped Lydia back to bed, as her legs were slightly numb from the cold of the shower. She curled up against him in the bed, letting him summon an extra blanket to drape over her side of the bed. "I'm fine," she protested, but he shook his head, wrapping his arms around her once more. Lydia decided it wasn't worth fighting him on when he was willing not to ram a potion down her throat. Instead, she rested her head on his chest, listening to the sound of his heart and breathing as she waited for him to fall back asleep. But she could not get her eyes to close long enough for sleep again that night. She was too afraid of what she would see there if she tried to sleep again. She had enough hours for the moment. She would sleep some more tomorrow. The following morning, Severus said nothing about how he found her, said nothing about her health. They went to breakfast, and they returned to their sitting room. He made them tea, and Lydia tried to get herself into the right mindset for Occlumency. It was difficult. Her mind was tired and scattered. So many things were bothering her, but she tried to focus on the wall. "Here," he said, sitting beside her. "Do you feel ready?" "Not yet," she said, rubbing her eyes with one hand as she took the cup from him. "Let's just drink some tea first, relax." Severus did not argue, wrapping an arm around her. She sensed that he was very much preoccupied with his own thoughts, and she got a tightness in her chest as she realized there was something he was going to be looking for. She didn't like it when he went in with a plan, with something he wanted to see. Everything rushed around her violently in those moments and it was hard to get proper control of the situation. When he wanted, he could easily overpower her mind and see whatever he wanted. So Lydia decided she would have to take a different tack. She would have to focus on a memory she didn't want him to see, a memory that would be so intriguing he might forget what he was looking for. "Ready," she said when she had the memory in line behind her wall. "Legilimens." The wall crumbled almost as soon as Severus touched it as his consciousness pushed through into her mind, into the memory she had selected. She was in the boys' dormitory at about eighteen, and Sirius's hands were tracing up her thigh to the hem of her skirt. "Do you want…?" Her stomach flipped anxiously, and she could sense Severus's disgust. She could feel her teeth nibbling at her lower lip. "I…I've never…." "But what do you want?" Sirius whispered, his gray eyes earnest, more sincere than she recalled them. "That's the only question that matters, Lydia. What do you want?" A surge of emotions, disgust and pain and desire all swirling in her, and she felt the scene dissolving in spite of her best efforts. She was walking through the castle in the middle of the night and the world wasn't quite right. She was barefoot, trying to get down to Severus's quarters, and she could feel an overwhelming wave of anxiety as she moved down the steps toward the dungeons. She could hear the dripping, could see Mary's corpse with blood dripping off the too-pale toes. With considerable focus, she managed to make the scene dissolve and she was with Sirius again, naked now, and his fingers were caressing her body, following them and the fire they created with the delicate touch of his lips. Severus's disgust nearly overwhelmed the memory of pleasure, the still-enticing sensations as Sirius's fingers pressed between her legs, between her folds, touching parts of her that until then were untouched. The room began to dissolve again and Lydia was in her childhood home, a horrible flash of green light and the sound of a gunshot echoing eerily, unnaturally through the room. She was standing at the top of the staircase, Severus near the bottom, and she knew the corpses awaited her if she took those steps. Instead, she focused on the sensations still in her chest from the last memory and the house slipped away around her, and she tried to focus on the twinge of pain as Sirius entered her for the first time, the foreign feeling of fullness that was strange and not quite pleasant at first. Or was that Severus's disgust crowding out her initial emotions? She could feel Sirius's skin under her fingernails as she grasped at his shoulder, could feel the stinging of tears at her eyes as he whispered over and over how sorry he was, that she should just relax, that it would be okay. Lydia took deep breaths, trying to relax as he told her that he would move. All she could feel was the discomfort and the sickening sensation of horror that was not her own. Severus tried to dissolve the room again, but Lydia held on, desperate not to let him dictate their journey. She had an inkling of blood on Mary's toes once more, but she focused on Sirius's words as he asked if she was on contraceptives, as he did a charm to make sure she didn't get pregnant. "That was incredible," he said with a sigh. "It was something." She could feel a small flash of satisfaction from Severus. "Don't worry, Lydia. It'll be better next time." He was kissing from her collarbone down, down between her breasts, to the base of her ribs when the door flung open and James said, "Padfoot, we won the – what the fuck?" "Merlin, James, turn around!" Sirius said, a roar in her ears as the shame and horror rushed through her veins all over again, threefold. Sirius was trying to cover her body with blankets as she turned away, but she had seen Remus over Sirius's shoulder again, the joy in his eyes melting instantly to pain and betrayal when he saw what was happening. Perhaps because her subconscious knew she didn't want to be here anymore, she found herself unable to hold on to the memory, and she was standing on the street she had visited in her dream the night before, and she felt a horrendous flash of fear as the explosions, the flames came nearer. The heat was raising her skin, blistering and boiling and peeling it away from her, and she felt like she was dying. This time, she screamed. She was still screaming as Severus pulled her into his arms, holding her, trying to calm her, but her pulse was so quick, it was dangerous. "What was that?" he demanded. "What were those…?" "Nothing," she whispered, feeling the heat on her skin still, desperate for the icy shower again, a glass of water, anything cold. "It was nothing." He asked her no questions, but she knew he knew she was lying. A/N: Review Prompt: I hate writing certain things, like nightmares, weddings, Quidditch. I do them because they make for good stories, and it's important to stretch my comfort zone. Hardest sort of scene you've ever written? Anything you've avoided because you so badly didn't want to write it? -C
The look Severus had given her lately was annoying Lydia, but she was trying very, very hard not to make a point about it. She was trying to finish the last of her marking before they did an Occlumency lesson, but it was difficult to do while he was watching her so intently, as he had done all day. With a sigh, she looked more pointedly down at her work, trying to focus. She finished her notes on Izabella Oakfoot's essay and wrote a note at the bottom for a book to read before exams that would help clear up some of the issues the girl was having with the finer point of reversals. Then she blotted her quill, and closed her inkwell, turning to Severus. "Could you put the kettle on?" she asked, ignoring the look he was giving her as she gathered up the marked essays and took them to the other room to dry properly. She would put them back in her bag after the lesson. Or perhaps after dinner. She heard the kettle going, and that made her relax considerably when she came back to the sitting room, but he was still scowling when she sat down and waited for him to pour the tea. "You haven't been sleeping properly," he said, and she narrowed her eyes. "You are not putting anything in my tea," she said firmly. "I'm fine, Sev, really." "Lies," he said, more of a hiss, but he did not put anything in her tea, setting it down in front of her, sitting beside her without putting an arm around her. For some reason, that small omission made her feel considerably cold. After a long silence, she began to drink her tea. Severus then could seemingly not hold in his thoughts, and he said, "Tell me honestly, Lydia, when was the last time you slept through the night?" She looked down at the dark liquid in her cup, still warm enough to radiate the heat out to her hands where she held the cup. It was a good question, and she tried to think of the answer. It had been weeks, perhaps months at this point. She had seen the way her eyes drooped with tiredness when she dried her hair in the morning, but she didn't bother to think about that. She was trying not to see the images of those nightmares, which seemed to haunt her even in the waking moments. "Lydia?" His voice jolted her out of her thoughts and she shrugged, not meeting his eyes. No doubt there was fear in her own, fear she didn't want him to see. "Lydia, do you know?" "No," she said. "No, I really don't remember." "Why haven't you woken me?" She could hear it underneath the calm in his voice. He was angry with her for keeping this from him, as if somehow he had a right to know all her fears. That flared up a bit of anger in her as well, but she simply clenched her jaw, desperate not to get into a fight before he delved into her mind. "Why?" he pressed. "Why would I?" she said, trying not to sound too irritated, although she knew he could tell anyway. "What good does it do to interrupt your sleep? Your job is a great deal more dangerous than mine. I can do numbers tired and no one gets hurt except perhaps Miss Tonks, but you have hundreds' of students' safety as your responsibility every day. Waking you accomplishes nothing but forcing you to share my burden." He shook his head before taking a long drink of his tea. Lydia knew he wasn't satisfied with this explanation, and they both knew that part of the reason was so that he wouldn't try to medicate her. The last thing Lydia wanted was to be on regular potions. She still recalled very vividly the way Remus had once said, during the war, that they would likely all come away addicted to something. The last thing she wanted was to survive the war, lose absolutely everything, and then still be addicted to sleeping potions just to keep away the nightmares. Severus said nothing as he finished his tea, watching Lydia drink hers. She focused on the taste of it as it swished through her mouth. It was warm, pleasant, almost a bit bitter. She tried not to think about the images that had been plaguing her dreams for so long, focusing instead on the swirling of the leaves at the bottom of the cup as she moved it, the slow motion of the dark, flowing, mushy leaves. He was still watching her when she finished her tea, setting down the cup and summoning to her mind the image of her office, a safe place where memories were generally innocuous. Because they were going to start work without the initial wall, to practice getting herself focused for situations when she didn't want people to know what she was really thinking, and without them realizing that she was controlling her thoughts. At first she thought it was overkill, but after overhearing what Albus and Terentius had discussed about the vampire community, Lydia agreed to stretch her skills to this new level. If she could have a reasonable level of skill without the wall, her walled work would also be greatly improved. "I suppose we should get to practicing, then" Lydia said softly. Severus hesitated, but then he nodded, agreeing. "Don't over-prepare yourself," he said. "The idea is that you should always be practicing mental discipline so that you can shield your mind at any moment, from any attack. Not that you prepare yourself when you think an attack might be coming. That will take some time to get used to, but this is when we should start that practice. The wall can be used to great effect, and other methods, when you know to expect an attack, but you need to be quick to order your mind when you find yourself suffering an unanticipated assault." Lydia nodded, readying herself. Severus met her eyes, holding his wand. "Legilimens." No wall between them, Severus was able to slip into her mind easily, moving around at a rapid pace, from place to place. She kept within scenes in her office, but she knew he was not satisfied with this. Still, he was being gentle, not forcing her out of her comfort zone right away. He must have been searching for memory tags, however, because suddenly they were in an abandoned classroom, sixteen years old, his hand on her wrist tightly as he pressed her to the wall. "Severus," she heard her voice said with a sigh. "You've really got to stop doing this." They were so thin, Lydia thought as he said softly, "You need to talk to Lily. You need to get her to talk with me again." "I can't do that, Sev, and please stop asking." She could feel her adolescent concerns with his teeth, and then she felt a flash of shame that was a mix of her own adult emotions and Severus's emotions on viewing the scene. "Please." The word was hard, not quite harsh, and she heard herself whisper back, "She doesn't want anything to do with you, and I cannot change that. Stop putting me in the middle." "You've been in the middle for years. I didn't put you there." Severus's emotion of shame intensified as the younger Lydia tried to pull her arm from the young Severus's grip, and he tightened his hand, squeezing quite hard. "Let me go." "Don't forget, Lydia. I know all your little secrets." "Stop it." She could feel her younger self's nerves, Severus's horror at seeing this over again, her own shame at how things had gone. "I know everything you lie about, every cover-up you've ever done, every single thing you hate about yourself—" "Stop it!" She was startled at the sound of her own voice, but he wasn't listening to her. "I could tell the world—" "You're not going to blackmail me into talking to Lily for you, Severus. I refuse to be your pawn." Lydia knew she should be trying to find another memory, but she was struggling not to be drawn into this one at the dangerous flash of Severus's eyes, like she had seen now so many times. "Lydia, I'm not trying to blackmail you. But I worry about you, and it's painful for me, not getting to keep as close of an eye on you—" "I don't need your protection, Sev. I'm not a child, anymore. I've seen a lot." "I know." The adults were amused, mixing with Lydia's childish indignant emotions. To think that they thought they had seen so much when they had truly seen nothing. "And there are things about you that I could tell, too. Don't put me in that position, Severus. Don't start a war between us." Severus sighed and she managed to draw him out of the memory, back to her office, but Severus struggled. She could feel him straining against her efforts, and it was only a matter of time. Just as her memory-self was pulling out a fresh quill, she was back at sixteen again, and Severus was pressing her. "You'll be safer with the Dark Lord. And he can help you. The rage in you, Lydia, it's such a good conductor for Dark Magic—" "I don't want to be Dark, Severus!" So much pain in her chest, in her ears as she said those words. Her own voice was shrill and strained to her, and the mix of emotions was overwhelmingly pained. "I don't want to lose my friends, my convictions, just for a bit of safety! Have you considered the thought that he might lose, Sev? What then? Would I be safer going to jail with you all, or Merlin forbid, dying?" Severus's hand tightened around her wrist so firmly she could feel the pain, could feel Severus's horror at his own behavior, and then he let go, backing away. Her wrist still stung, the bruises already forming. His words were lost on her as she felt the tenderness, touching her wrist as she stepped, shakily, away from the wall. She could feel the tenderness, but she held her face steady. She couldn't let him see her pain and feel responsible. Knowing that they would see Lily if they stayed in this memory, Lydia pushed herself to focus on her office again, pulling the fresh quill out of the desk drawer. She could feel a tiredness that wasn't associated with the memory sinking in, and she couldn't get rid of the sensation of pain in her wrist. She was sitting on the sofa in their sitting room, and before she could stop herself she touched her wrist, but it did not feel any different for her touching it. "That was good," Severus said softly, not meeting her eyes. "You did very well. With practice I believe you could…" His voice trailed off uncharacteristically, and Lydia watched him stand abruptly and go into the bedroom without another word. She knew he was trying to find some space to feel ashamed at his younger self's behavior without her seeing, but he was seeing all parts of her. It wasn't fair that she couldn't see all the parts of him. "Sev," she said, watching him grip at the doorknob to the bathroom, taking deep, slow breaths with a tight jaw. "Sev, please, come talk to me." He didn't turn to look at her, still taking those deep breaths. Lydia crossed the room, placing a hand on his back, and suddenly he turned around, eyes wide, and he said, "For Merlin's sake, don't touch me!" She recoiled in surprise at just how forceful, how urgent his words were. "How can you stand to look at me? I…I hurt you and I bullied you. I tried to pull you into the Dark Arts." Lydia shook her head, but he was looking through her, not at her. "The things you have seen, Lydia, the nightmares you have, they're nothing to the things you would have been subjected to if you'd joined." He covered his face in his hands. "The things he did to innocents. To his supporters even. You were right about that, remember? God, I…. If you were lucky, it would have killed you quickly. I can't stand the thought that you might have…." She took a step closer to him, putting her hand on his face, trying not to feel offended when he flinched from her touch, instead pressing her hand against his face more firmly. "Look at me," she said softly, and he did not immediately respond. "Severus, look at me. Please." He did look at her, his dark eyes shining with unshed tears, his face twisted with pain. It chilled her to the bone, hearing him say that if she were lucky, if she'd joined the Death Eaters, she would have come away dead. Did he wish he had died? Sometimes she wondered. "We are not ourselves at sixteen," she said softly. "Thankfully, we've been given the time to change. You bruised me, yes. But you didn't mean to, and the pain was minimal. Easily fixed. And I didn't join. We are alive, and we're moving on." He said nothing, just looking at her for a long moment, before he pulled her against his body in a hug, holding her like he'd never done before, like the way her mother sometimes held her as a child when the fights between her parents were over for the night. It was the hug that said the "I'm fine" was a lie, the hug that told Lydia that her mother was in pain and didn't know how to stop the hurting. "You should wake me when you have nightmares," Severus said after a long silence, but he didn't move from the hug. Lydia sighed. He must be feeling a bit better if they were starting this again. "They're nothing." "Lydia, they're not nothing. You need sleep and you need peace." "Does any of us really deserve peace?" she said, more to herself than Severus, but he pulled out of the hug to look her in the eye, frowning slightly with concern. She was grateful when he didn't say anything to try to reassure her. She let him lead her back into the sitting room, where he made more tea. "When did the nightmares start?" he asked, handing her pre-cooled tea. "Surely these haven't been going on since the war." "No," she admitted, shrugging, holding the tea gingerly in both hands as he sat beside her, putting an arm around her waist as a force of habit. "No, I guess they started up again…. Several months ago, anyway. This year. This school year." He frowned, stirring honey into his leisurely. "Before or after you started spending time with Banister?" Lydia rolled her eyes. "It has nothing to do with Terentius, Sev." "I don't mean directly," he said, setting the spoon aside. "But I thought perhaps having him present, a reminder of previous trauma, has caused some sort of issue with your psyche that has caused nightmares to come to the fore that had previously been repressed." Lydia shrugged. She didn't see how it mattered why she was having the nightmares, as long as they eventually stopped. She knew that now Severus knew about them he wouldn't be satisfied until he found a way to make them stop, but she hoped his first response wasn't for her to take a potion. She hoped that with disciplined study of Occlumency, as Severus was teaching her, she could redirect her dreams as she had learned to redirect her memories. Severus had told her that such things took considerable skill and practice, but Lydia decided that not to need a potion, it would all be worth it. "It could be a lot of things," she said softly, halfway through her cup of tea. "Right now, I'm managing it, and that's the important thing." "And when you can no longer manage it?" Severus asked, raising an eyebrow. Lydia closed her eyes. She didn't want to think about such things, to think of how bad it would have to get before she would finally have admit that she could not manage it anymore. She took a few more drinks of her tea before she finally said, "We'll see." Severus was not convinced, and he did not need to say anything, do anything, make any expression for her to know this. Because as he had said when they were young, in that memory that had caused him so much distress, he knew her better than anyone in the world. And in that same vein, she knew him better than anyone in the world. She understood him even when she wished she didn't, and the more of her he saw, the more she could sense his reactions to some of her most guarded memories, the more she realized that she knew him better than she could have imagined at sixteen. It wasn't the physical knowledge, but the way they knew each other's minds, each other's desires so well, even when they wished they didn't know. She knew when he was thinking of Lily, and he knew when she was thinking of Remus. "I don't want to do any work today," she whispered when she finished her tea, setting down her empty cup and curling against Severus. "How much sleep have you gotten this past week?" "Maybe thirty hours." Severus was no doubt making a face at this, but she didn't care. "If I gave you a sedative, would you take it?" "I have problem sets to mark." "Do you have a key?" "Yes." "Take the sedative, Lydia. Get a few hours rest. I'll grade your problem sets." Lydia wanted to argue, but she supposed that a few hours extra sleep in the short term might make him more amenable to giving her more time to find her own solutions. And she did have a key. "Alright." A/N: Review Prompt: Why do you think Lydia's nightmares have surfaced? The first person to get it right will get a prize. Also, if you haven't selected a prize, now would be a good time to do that. We're coming up on review 800 pretty quickly… -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, OfStarsAndMoon! Hope you continue to read and enjoy! Also, a thank you to WickedGreene13 on the inspiration for actually basically the whole tone of this chapter. I've been waiting to put this in for a while based on the Occlumency recommendations, and we're finally here. :D -C "Legilimens." Lydia did not have a memory ready, but instead waited to see where Severus's assault on her mind would take her, trying to redirect him when she saw something she wanted to avoid. She was trying to weave him toward memories that had to do with him, thereby avoiding awkward memories of the Marauders. Severus did not seem satisfied with any of the memories she was pulling to the fore, and they had yet to settle into any one memory, but she could feel the glimpses of sights, sounds, emotions, sensations rushing through her as he searched, and it made it increasingly difficult to focus on any one memory, much less a type of memory, that she was sorting to the front. After a while she couldn't keep him shuffling through, and he pulled forward to examine an instance at Spinner's End, but before they moved into the same bedroom, because they were in his childhood room. Severus was kissing her neck, his hand reached around behind her for her zipper. Lydia could feel a rush of sensation, and a slight tinge of embarrassment that she thought might be her own, from having to relive such an intimate memory with someone else feeling her thoughts and feelings. What would Severus think of such a thing? How might she react to the way he reacted? The sound of the zipper was engaging, and Lydia could almost feel fabric loosening around her, could feel the dress slipping off her shoulders. Severus's fingers were already reaching for the clasp of her bra as she shifted her arms to let the dress slip off her body, to pool on the floor. She could feel the coolness of the shaded room, the air on her body, the equal coolness of Severus's fingers on the clasp of her bra, fumbling to get it open. Lydia could feel the release of the clasp, and she shrugged the bra off her body. Severus's fingers traced forward to touch her newly freed breasts, and she could sense arousal. Powerful arousal. Although it had been some time, Lydia was slightly puzzled by this level of arousal. She knew that Severus's hands on her breast was an arousing sensation, and feeling it over was slightly titillating. But there was a huge surge of arousal she couldn't account for, and it took her a moment to realize that this must be Severus's reaction, his thoughts, his emotions. Something that had never happened before, Lydia focused on his dimension of the emotional complex, the way his mix of arousal and other, seemingly related emotion surged as their lips met, as her hands touched his bare chest, pulling him closer, pulling him onto his bed. It took her a moment to understand what happened as the room seemed to spin, although it was more than that. Suddenly, Lydia realized that she was no longer remembering from her own eyes, but from Severus's. She was looking down at her own face, feeling her breasts in hands that were too large to be her own. Lydia was feeling from Severus's point of view. Her skin was warm, remarkably warm and soft. Her hands tracing up Severus's neck left little prickling sensations that were teasingly good. She could even feel the throbbing of his cock, almost screaming to be inside of her. It was overwhelming, the ache to touch her body, to taste her body, to feel the unique pressure of being buried deep inside of her. The arousal was about tenfold now, between the actual sensation of his memory, the power of his current arousal, and the surprising increase in her own arousal from this bizarre situation of seeing through his eyes. She felt dizzying arousal as his fingers slipped beneath the fabric of her panties, brushing across her folds. She could feel a delicious and unfamiliar kind of agony as she could feel as though they were her own fingers. And then she heard herself sigh and felt an extreme surge of emotions, of arousal and pride and other things all blurring and meshing together so that she couldn't distinguish them, couldn't make sense of them, but for the first time she felt she really understood why Severus seemed to be so intent on calling her beautiful. Every time he looked at her body, she could feel his arousal heighten. She knew that his anticipation of being inside her was a coveted kind of torture. When he finally did enter her, she nearly did faint. She was certain of it. Her own sexual pleasure felt nothing like this, nothing near this strong, even taking into account that she was getting three sets of emotions with each sensation. And every time she heard herself sigh or moan, it was like another jolt of eat to Severus's cock, made more intense as she could feel her walls clenching slightly around him as he began to move in her. Even if Lydia had wanted to stop watching, experiencing this memory, she couldn't have shifted anything at this point, so lost she was in the sensation of everything. All she could do was lose herself in the overwhelming nature of Severus's climax, a release more powerful, more satisfying than anything she had ever felt, and she barely heard the groan he gave as he came. There was a scream she attributed to herself, but she wasn't sure if that was her in the memory, or her in the present. Was she hearing it, or imagining it? Exhaustion must have broken the connection, because Lydia and Severus were sitting on their bed at Hogwarts, face each other, sweating, panting, and – if he felt how she felt – incredibly aroused. Lydia tried to think of something to say, something to ask. She wanted to know why that happened as it happened, how she ended up in his point of view rather than him in hers. Had he done it on purpose? Was it something she had done? Before she could get her mouth to work with her brain, before she had even fully formed words in her mind, she registered that the way Severus was looking at her very much coincided with the way he had looked at her in the beginning of that memory, before he began to kiss her neck. Severus leaned forward, pressing his lips to hers hungrily, and Lydia shivered against his mouth. The sensation of his climax was still so fresh in her mind, and her body recognized it as something she owned. She wanted to feel that again, but she knew she never would be able to have that feeling again without seeing through Severus's eyes again. Nothing she had ever felt had been that strong, that complete, that glorious. Still, having that sensation in the recent memory meant that every touch they shared in this moment was heightened, with far greater anticipation behind it. Her fingers traced up his neck quickly feeling his hands gripping at her torso with a confidence he didn't always have immediately. It felt that this was not the first time they'd touched each other this morning, and Lydia felt as though they'd made love all morning and she was simply possessing higher energy than usual after such an event. Her mind was still incapable of forming words, but as Severus pulled away from her lips and pushed her down onto the bed he said, almost a whisper, a little more than a rasp, "I need you." The words caused a rush through Lydia's body that she hardly recognized, an ache that was stronger than any ache she had felt before their shared experience. She thought she might have groaned, but she wasn't sure what she was doing anymore. Perhaps she spread her legs, or perhaps Severus spread them for her before ripping off the panties and pushing her nightgown up around her waist. Maybe she gasped when his lips touched her folds, when his tongue parted them. Perhaps a guttural sound escaped her lips as she tossed her head back. For years, or seconds, or maybe somewhere in between he tasted and teased her. It seemed like an eternity, and yet it was over too quickly. For some indeterminate and frustrating period of time, he did not touch her at all, and she was in too much of a haze to understand why, or anything other than that he was not touching her. He said something, but she did not understand it, and then his lips captured hers in a searing kiss. She could taste herself on his mouth, on his breath, and he thrust into her, swallowing her moan in the kiss. They shared breath as he moved in her, and she began to move with him. It wasn't the same as that incredible experience of the recent Legilimency, but it still was different somehow from all the many times before, heightened and scintillating. She came into the encounter more aroused than she had ever felt, and her body was ready from the moment she was back in the present to experience him. She could feel her walls around him, the reverse of the experience of feeling it through his point of view, and somehow it felt better, more erotic than it had before. When she came, she gasped his name violently, and he cried out against the skin of her throat, releasing into her, panting as he sat up and looked down at her under heavy eyelids. "Fuck," she finally sighed. "Indeed." They stayed like that for a long time, catching their breath, getting their bearings, deciding what had even just happened and what they were going to do next. Finally, Lydia whispered, "What was that?" "That is what we call sex." She slapped him for his cheek, but he just smirked at her weakly, even the muscles in his face seeming too tired to move. After a few moments he said, more seriously, "That wasn't meant to happen. I allowed myself to relax, and you slipped into my mind, probably by accident. Were you thinking about my thoughts?" Lydia nodded. "I let my barriers down." "Why?" He smiled lazily and pressed a kiss to her collarbone. When he lifted his head again he said, "I was too busy enjoying the memory. I remembered that day well." Lydia felt a bit guilty. She couldn't even recall specifically which day it had been, but it seemed important, significant to him, so she just looked up at him, nodding slightly. He seemed so peaceful, so pleased, things that rarely happened after a session of Occlumency. "Again?" he asked, tracing his fingers along her collarbone. She blinked at him, astonished. How could he possibly have the energy to go again? She felt she'd been at it all morning. She wasn't sure she even had the energy to walk to the shower. Realizing what she thought he'd meant, he snorted and said, "No, the Occlumency. Do you feel up to practicing again for a bit, or are you too tired? You made some significant progress, and it might be valuable to crystallize it." Lydia considered, sitting up slightly with Severus's help. While physically, she still felt weak as a kitten, she was beginning to feel the mental fog of lust clearing. Even more than that, she knew she wouldn't always be rested and ready to go if she needed to use Occlumency, and she needed to be capable of doing what she had to do regardless. "Sure," she said, stretching, leaning forward to kiss him gently. "Let's give it another go. Same idea?" Severus nodded, kissing her back more lingeringly before he found his wand and they sat up straight again. He gave her a bit of time to make sure she was ready for the onslaught. "Legilimens." She focused on not letting him see anything that didn't have him in it, pushing him away from a meeting with Albus, toward tea the other afternoon. She blocked him flat-out from a conversation in the staff lounge with Terentius, pushing forward in her mind waking up a week ago and watching him sleep before she took a shower. Lydia found herself pushing forward images of him in her mind, shifting everything else away from his access, and the more she did it, the easier it was to do without even mentally tagging the memories. Severus tried to push through the waves of memories about him, obviously realizing that he was only seeing what she was pushing to the fore, and Lydia began tossing in innocuous memories from visits to the Arithmancy Club, a walk by the lake with Pomona, a couple of the more recent Quidditch matches, all the while pushing forward every memory that included Severus. If he was there, it wasn't like he was seeing anything new. Severus's pushing did not increase as she pushed forward the greater mix. He seemed to think he'd broken through to her next level, but she could feel that the things she was pushing to the back were still very much separated from him, as though she had built her wall around them. She did not think of a physical manifestation of that wall, a bit worried that doing so would make it obvious to him that there was a deeper level he could not access. Even Lydia could feel her improvement, but it was exhausting. She wasn't sure if this was because of the previous attempt, or the sex that resulted from it, or perhaps simply that this method was new and tiring to her. If he had told her to do so before, she would have tried to push him out of her mind while managing the connection, but she wasn't sure that was what he expected of her, and she wasn't fully sure that she could do that without losing the control she had. Instead, she continued to manage the flow of memories as innocuously as possible, careful to mix in things that seemed more and more like what he would be digging for, just so he didn't press too hard to see more. Severus withdrew and they were sitting on the bed again. He smiled at her. "Very good," he said, smiling. "Tell me, did you push forward the memories when I started to dig?" Lydia nodded. "I was hoping that was what you did, but I couldn't be sure. You have improved significantly, Lydia. I think we are getting to the point where you can begin to maintain a basic level of Occlumency at all times." She hesitated, looking down at her hands. "Isn't…isn't that tiring?" "At first, yes, but you become used to the mental effort." She was hesitant to believe him, especially now that she felt incredibly exhausted. However, she nodded, and he went to make them tea. When he was gone, she began to feel her strength returning, and she felt an immense satisfaction that she was able to hold him back. He wasn't challenging her as much as he sometimes had, but she was beginning to truly believe that she was capable of becoming proficient at Occlumency. Mastering it, perhaps not, but gaining a level where it could serve her well would be enough for her. She just hoped that Severus wasn't expecting perfect mastery. He returned with tea and cooled it, passing it to her before sitting down with his. They sat and drank the tea for a few minutes until he said, "Do you feel a bit more recovered?" "You don't want to do it again, do you?" she said, hoping she didn't sound too reluctant. It was one thing to push for a second round after the sex giving her something of a mental break, but she was mentally drained, and a cup of tea wasn't going to fix that. "The Occlumency?" he said, raising an eyebrow, smirking with amusement over the rim of his cup. "It would not be wise to push you further in that respect at this stage. No, I was referring to another round of something else." His fingers traced up her calf gently, and she laughed slightly, taking another drink of tea as he continued to caress her leg. As usual, he finished his tea first, and she was surprised as he began kissing her legs while she finished hers. When he made the proposition Lydia was tempted to say no, tempted to point out that her mind and body had been through an awful lot today, and all before lunch. But once she set down her tea, he had her so worked up that she actually beckoned for him to kiss her, which he eagerly obliged. So maybe she was tired, she reasoned as his hands gently parted her legs. She didn't need much encouragement at this point. In the back of her mind, still, was the all-too-quickly fading experience of feeling their sex from his viewpoint, with his emotions and sensations and desires. She knew that the experience would only fade more, and she wanted to take some advantage of it before it was gone forever. He rested himself between her legs, placing his hands on her lower back to pull her body closer to his. Lydia leaned her head back onto the pillows, arching her back at his touch. He seemed to appreciate this, given the soft moan followed by kisses traced down the smooth column of her neck. "Sev," she whispered as his hands traced up to her breasts, "we should do that again sometime, on purpose." "Do what?" She opened her eyes to meet his, and he seemed to realize what she was asking, for another chance sometime to see their sexual interactions from his point of view." "If you insist," he muttered, smirking against her skin as he began to pepper it with another barrage of kisses. A/N: First of all, none of you have figured out the catalyst for the nightmares yet. Don't worry, there will be ongoing clues. Prize is still open for the first person to guess. Again, if you haven't chosen a prize, now is always a good time. ;) We're getting close to 800 reviews, so prizes abound! Review Prompt: What do you think Severus's favorite position is? Lydia's? Sirius's? Heck, we'll throw in Remus for kicks and giggles, while we're at it. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer s8xyvriska. Cheers, love. -C Lydia awoke to the sensation of Severus's lips on her neck, kissing and nuzzling. Her hand was already in his hair, and she wondered when that had happened. Had she done it subconsciously? For some reason, that seemed odd to her, but she opened her eyes and smiled as he began to kiss his way up her neck to her chin. He paused to nip at her jawline before pulling away and saying, "Good morning, Lydia. Happy Birthday." She hummed. She was beginning to feel older, well and truly. "Morning," she said with a sigh. He kissed her lips tenderly. "What day is it?" He raised an eyebrow. "Did you not just hear me wishing you a happy birthday?" "No, I did, but I meant what day of the week is it? Was yesterday Saturday or Sunday?" He smirked and said, "You should hope it was Saturday, because you've already slept through breakfast." Lydia groaned, slapping at him playfully, but he just grabbed her hands and held them for a moment, firmly, before pushing them back onto the bed, on either side of her head. "Now that wasn't very nice," he said, teasing. "Perhaps I should wait to give you your present after all if you're going to abuse me when I answer your questions." She perked up at the mention of presents, trying to sit up, but he held her down shaking his head. "I have gifts," she whined. "C'mon, Sev, you have to let me open my presents." "I don't have to do anything." Lydia scrunched up her mouth, trying to think of something to say, but before she could he was pressing her back into the bed again, this time with his lips firmly on her lips, assaulting her mouth with a searing kiss. Lydia certainly couldn't find anything wrong with this, with the way he was kissing her, demanding from, taking from the kiss as his tongue explored her mouth, caressing her tongue. Suspecting this was part of his plan all along, perhaps even part of his present for her, Lydia gave in as he kissed her, as he parted her legs, splaying them as wide as her hips would let them go. They were still very much naked from the night before, and his fingers caressed her exposed sex tenderly but purposefully. She sighed into his mouth. He muttered things she barely listened to against her neck as he entered her. Words were unimportant. The only thing that truly mattered in that moment was the way it felt to have him inside of her, thrusting, as she wrapped her legs around his torso eagerly. He had tried to hold her legs as they had been, splayed as wide as her hips would allow, but once he began thrusting in earnest, it seemed he didn't care too much where her legs went, either. She tried to pull him deeper inside of her, digging her heels into his back. Severus came inside of her rather quickly, the two of them sated and tired when he collapsed on top of her, panting. "Happy birthday to me," she said weakly. "Indeed," he said, face still against her breast. "Your gifts are in the sitting room. I will have breakfast sent up for you. I have a meeting with Albus and some errands to run. Perhaps after we can do some brewing, if you aren't too busy." "I think I have some time for that," she said, sighing. "You have to go right now?" "Unfortunately," he said, kissing the side of her breast. Lydia watched him climb to his feet, dress, and leave her to lounge in bed for a time. She rested her head on the pillows for a long moment before deciding to get up, shower, and face the day. The shower was warm, comfortable, cozy. She stood in it, knowing she'd had a nightmare the night before, one that made her skin crawl even now, but she couldn't recall what it was. She'd had the distinct feeling all of yesterday that someone was watching her, even when she knew without a shadow of a doubt that she was alone. She supposed that lack of sleep could do that, and as long as she didn't start seeing things, it was probably fine. When she felt clean, refreshed, and energized, she got out of the shower, toweled off, and began to dry her hair carefully. She was surprised that her hand was shaking. It took a great deal of concentration to dry her hair properly and indeed safely while her hand was shaking. She was glad Severus couldn't see this, because no doubt he would use it as a sign of her poor sleep, and try to medicate her. Lydia didn't want to have to take potions to sleep. She could remember too easily how hard it was to sleep in the war, and how bad things always happened when she took something to get to sleep. Sirius killed people. Friends died. It was silly to connect the two things in her mind, but at the same time she couldn't shake the feeling that if she had to take potions to sleep, bad things would happen to the people she loved. When her hair was sufficiently dry, she gave up on making it perfect and put on clothes, a pair of pale gray robes. One of her favorite things about being a teacher rather than a student was that she could wear whatever colors she liked, not being limited to black. Lydia then went out to the sitting room, where a steaming-hot breakfast was sitting out for her, fried eggs, bacon, and toast. She licked her lips, making herself a cup of tea before sitting down and enjoying the breakfast Severus had selected. She looked at her stack of presents, counting them and considering who each gift might be from. Her eyes were instantly drawn to a gift at the back, with carefully done corners and nondescript paper. Remus. She decided to open it last, knowing that no surprises would be in any of the other boxes, especially as she didn't see any one that could have been a gift from Terentius. The gifts were much as usual, and indeed, where Albus was concerned, it was the same mead, as always. Lydia was beginning to wonder why such a brilliant man couldn't have a bit of creativity about something as personal as a gift. He didn't manage to even give her a note. Minerva gave her some biscuits and a brooch, which was a bit more impressive than the usual, but not horribly surprising. Filius got her a beautiful charmed mirror that would help her see any section of the mirror at whatever magnification she desired. Lydia decided to keep it at normal mag, but the gesture was a kind one. Pomona gave her seeds for what the note assured was a beautiful and completely harmless house plant that was supposed to aid with sleep by being kept in the bedroom. Lydia wondered if she looked tired, or if Severus had suggested said seeds to Pomona in an attempt to get Lydia to do something about her continuing nightmares. She wouldn't put it past him, nor would she put it past him to start mentioning her health to Poppy or even Albus if she didn't start letting him take a closer look at her health. She wasn't sure if she wanted to call him out on it, or pretend she had no suspicions. After consideration, Lydia decided on the latter. It was still entirely possible that Pomona thought she looked tired, or that the kindly woman had guessed on her own somehow that Lydia might be struggling with sleep. When Lydia finished the rest of the bits and baubles from her coworkers, and a few small trinkets or chocolates gifted by students (Bill Weasley had even bought materials to make her a little charmed wooden bird, which she thought was especially sweet, given her knowledge that he had very little pocket money and chose to spend some of it on her), Lydia took a break, glancing at the final wrapped present: the one from Remus. Lydia stared at it, pouring herself a second cup of tea. Would it be something sweet, something to remind her of how much she loved him? Or would it be something neutral, like chocolates or butterbeer, a gift to give a gift and put the ball in her end of the pitch once more? She wasn't sure which she dreaded more. But if she dawdled forever, Severus would come back and she was almost certain he had left her alone so that she could open her gifts – especially the one from Remus – in peace and privacy. A few swallows of tea later to strengthen her resolve, Lydia pulled the present close to her, surprised to see a note attached. Remus didn't often send notes with gifts, which made her stomach clench. It would be something sweet, she was sure of it. She unfolded the note. Lydia, First of all, Happy Birthday. I thought of visiting, but timing is poor, even if I thought I would be well-received. As I haven't heard from you since I dropped by unannounced last, I suspect I would not have been well-received. Forgive me if this is too bold. It cost me nothing – I already had it. It was of no use to me. I hope you find it pleasing. Remus Licking her lips, Lydia opened the parcel nervously, carefully unwrapping to match the careful job Remus had done wrapping it up. The box was nothing, a sort of cheap cardboard that Remus had likely reinforced with a charm. He'd always been more than decent with packaging charms that Lily had mastered young. Lydia took years to get hers up to snuff, another point of jealousy between the two girls. She opened the box, feeling the cardboard bend in her hands as she lifted the lid, looking down at the small, wooden box inside of it. A joke James once made about giving someone a box for Christmas, a threat he often gave Sirius. But Remus would never do that. She opened the wooden box to find a small, delicate, but clearly valuable pendant. It was old – the silver was lightly tarnished. Perhaps Remus hadn't wanted to clean it. Perhaps he knew no spells to do it. Lydia couldn't tell: the tarnish seemed to add to the charm of the piece. It was a small Celtic knot, a kind she didn't know the particular name of. She had seen it in a picture once, thinking back to pictures Remus had kept by his bedside at school. A pendant that had belonged to the gentle-looking woman she knew to be his mother, Hope. The pendant was beautiful, something she could easily imagine around her own neck, because it wasn't too gaudy or assuming. Lydia set the box down, looking at the necklace inside of the wooden box, wondering if the box was one his mother had, or if he'd found it or even made it himself. She didn't know why, but she felt a profound sadness come over her in waves, and she took a deep, shaking breath before tears stung at the corners of her vision, blurring her view of the necklace. Why she felt this way, she couldn't say, but she struggled with a profound sadness as she closed the box and set the necklace aside. She wondered if she should write to Remus, but she decided not to. This gesture said quite plainly that he would come back to her when he was ready. The question she couldn't help asking herself as she went about the rest of her day was whether or not she would feel ready when that time came. The heaviness was still filling her the following day when she went about her classes, but she smiled and pretended she felt nothing. She thanked each student who gave her a gift, the two third year boys blushing when she thanked them, and one seventh year girl looking almost uncomfortably pleased when Lydia thanked her. Bill was measured, but she could tell he was flattered when she praised his charmwork. Lydia had a feeling that if she had Severus's ability to scan minds, she would feel a bit uncomfortable at what she would see, but she pretended to notice nothing odd about their reactions. Teenagers had crushes. It was the natural course of things. They would grow and move on and it would be easier if she pretended she noticed nothing. Nobody liked to feel a fool. After classes were done for the day, she went to her office to meet Terentius for tea, as they had arranged. She was still wondering about the partial conversation she overheard between him and Albus. Lydia told herself, as she poured the tea, that she would not mention it if he did not mention it, not until she had more information. She still struggled to find sufficient and accurate information on the politics of the vampires. "Lydia," he said, smiling a tight, tired smile that looked wrong on his face. "Happy belated birthday." "Thank you." "I hope you had a pleasant day." She nodded. For the most part, it was. She still didn't understand the reaction she had to the gift from Remus, but it did not trouble her now. He pulled a small parcel out of the pocket of his robes and slid it across the table before picking up his cup of tea. "I apologize for the lateness," he said softly. "I only managed to acquire it this morning." Lydia raised a curious eyebrow as she opened the parcel. A smooth, cool stone container stoppered with a tiny cork rolled into her hand. She frowned at it. "What is it?" she asked. "If you are nervous about it, you may have Severus examine it," he said with another unsuitable smile. "It will not impact the potency. It is, one could say, my last effort to keep you safe." Lydia sat forward. "What do you mean?" she said, surprised at the sternness in her voice. The smile melted slowly from his face and he looked down at his fingers. "Albus brought me here in the hopes that my presence at the castle would protect you. The vampires, they have been stirring since the loss of their puppet." She squeezed her hands together tightly under her desk and said, "It isn't working?" "Circumstances changed," he said slowly. He took a long, deliberate drink of his tea before continuing. "The one person who was in charge, even a little bit, and capable of keeping them from storming the wizarding communities, was…finished." "You mean killed?" "We are undead, Lydia," he said, amused. "We cannot be killed. But there are certain ways to…end us. We don't like to talk about such things." "Understandably." He set his cup down, looked her square in the eye and said, "I have enough supporters in the community, the quiet ones who keep to the shadows. The only way for me to keep you safe is to assert as much control as I can, to take my place in the community in order to tame it." "If you have this influence, why can't you exert that control from here?" Lydia said. His lips twitched up and she thought he must think her terribly naïve. "If I don't take my place physically," he said, "I have no control. I have been away too long." As he ran a long finger around the rim of the teacup absently he said, "We considered every alternative. Many of them, believe me, but none were reasonable. Anything that so much as risks someone at Hogwarts being turned…" He shivered slightly. "I say that it is not so bad, but I lie. The hunger is sometimes maddening. At Hogwarts, I have what I need. Elsewhere it is…more difficult to keep my dignity." Another shiver. Lydia licked her lips, sitting forward, feeling immense sympathy. She thought of Remus, struggling to think of himself as human, to keep his own dignity. "Will it be difficult for you to feed when you need to?" she asked softly. "I doubt you'll find a donor in…" "Romania," he said, closing his eyes, picking up his teacup once more. "No, I don't expect it will be easy. It may take me some time to find a donor." "Will you be alright?" He opened his eyes, staring at her desk. She could see the struggle. Terentius still hadn't decided what he would do if he could no longer go without feeding. Would he let himself suffer beyond the point of sanity and potentially…end? Or would he feed on someone unwilling just once to keep himself going, functioning, searching? If only she could find a way for him to stay, even just to stay in England. But she knew there was nothing to be done. Even if she were willing to give up her own safety, she couldn't put the students, other innocent people at risk. And Lydia was afraid to be turned. She knew that was why he'd confessed his lie about how difficult his condition was, to keep her from making some kind of sacrifice like that. A Slytherin, through and through. Only showing weakness when it was useful. "I leave after the feast," he said softly when he finished his tea. "I doubt I shall see you after the end of the feast. Take care of Severus." She smiled tightly and said, "He takes care of me." A small, ironic smile tilted at the corners of Terentius's lips and he just watched her with eyes that seemed to know things she didn't. She both wanted and did not want to ask, but she was pleased, at least, at a chance to say goodbye. For once, maybe, she would have a bit of peace. A/N: Sorry for the delay, first of all. Classes, life, needing desperately to update a story in a different fandom because I'd been putting it off…. Normal service will resume. ;) Review Prompt: If you were going to get a gift from a Hogwarts professor, who would it be and what do you think they'd give you? (You can pick Lockhart, it's okay ;) ) -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader/reviewer anita03! Welcome back, dear! -C Exams were a stressful time for Lydia's students, but she was pleased that for her course, as opposed to the courses of some of her peers, students weren't collapsing or having nervous meltdowns. Severus was perhaps the worst, as he seemed to delight in his students' panic. Lydia tried not to show her disapproval but if anything, he found that amusing as well. "Another exam?" Lydia asked Terentius as she locked up her classroom. "I've just finished my last. The third years are always the hardest." "As an elective, you mean?" he said with a soft nod. "I have my sixth years in half an hour. I am attempting to pack up my office in the meantime." Lydia frowned, looking down at her feet, shifting. She had almost forgotten, for a moment, that he was leaving, and why. "Are you…looking forward to the feast?" she asked, looking back up and smiling weakly. "Slytherin has been on quite a winning streak of late. The Great Hall will be in green and silver again." The uncomfortable smile on his lips did not change, but she could tell he was ill at ease. "I won't be attending the feast," he said tightly. "I have to leave prior to its beginning." Lydia felt a strange wave of anger, although she knew she was supposed to feel sad. It must have shown on her face, because his eyes narrowed slightly. "You were just going to leave without saying goodbye?" she said. It wasn't his fault, she tried to tell herself. He didn't know her well enough to know all the people who left her like that, no chance to say goodbye. But it still made her angry. His eyes flashed with what might be understanding and he said, "I suppose you could consider this goodbye." Not good enough, but as he had another exam soon, Lydia decided she would take what she could get. She nodded, and held out her hand for him to shake. Instead, he lifted it to his cold lips, colder still than Severus's, and he said, "It has truly been a pleasure to work with you, Lydia." "Stay safe," she said when he released her hand. His lips twitched into an ironical smile. "Perhaps I should be saying that to you," he said with a humorless chuckle. "I must go." Lydia nodded, muttering words of parting that seemed strangely insignificant now she knew why he was leaving. Instead of going straight back to Severus's quarters, she went by her own, deciding to get her packing done early, while Severus was doing the final test of his fourth year Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws. She spared a brief moment of pity for his students before packing up the books she left in her quarters for show. She was startled by a knock at the door. "Come in," she said. Packing early was not suspicious, she told herself. And it wasn't so early that it was unreasonable to start putting away books. It was only Albus, who let himself in, smiling kindly. "I looked for you in Severus's quarters, but since you were not there, I thought I might try here. Packing, I see?" "Yes." She couldn't imagine what he wanted from her. And more than that, she was growing weary of having to wonder such things every time they spoke. She supposed that was the nature of having a boss, but she didn't much care for a hands-on Albus. She liked him much better when the most he ever did was try to influence her research direction. "Terentius informed me that you know that he is leaving," Albus said, sitting down without invitation. "And I presume he told you why." "He did," she said. More or less. "He may not be able to succeed in keeping you safe, even so," Albus said softly. "I don't know if he told you that we considered having him turn you. I will confess that it was my idea." Lydia's hands tightened around the book she was holding. "I want you to know that we would not have taken such an action lightly, and not without your approval." Lydia turned to look at him, stunned. He did not seem abashed. "Let's put this in a different light," she said softly. "Let's say that Dalia worked with the werewolves, maybe a pawn of Greyback. Would you have considered asking Remus to bite me if there was a chance it would keep me safe?" "Naturally," Albus said, not surprised, but perhaps mildly amused. "To live as a werewolf is preferable to death, Lydia." "Is it?" she whispered. "I'm not sure Remus would be so quick to agree with you." "Perhaps not always," Albus said with a nod. "But he is alive, even with many opportunities to take his own life. I believe that is a sort of agreement." Lydia wasn't so sure. She and Remus were both alive, but for her sometimes she wondered if it wasn't more of a habit than anything else. They'd gotten into the habit of living, and it would take quite a big shock to the system to get out of that habit. "He lives a life better than some supposedly normal men," Albus said gently. "He lives in excruciating pain monthly, and extreme poverty and stigma the rest of the time," Lydia said, nostrils flared. "He lives hating himself." "Don't we all?" Albus said. For a moment, the twinkle was gone from his eyes and they were simply looking at each other. For the first time, she saw the weight of the years on Albus, the weight of death and choices and living with those choices and deaths that only a man as old and as powerful as Albus could possibly have, much less withstand. How many times had he gone to someone, like he did with her when Lily and James died, and told them that someone they loved was gone forever, and there was nothing he could do to bring them back? She walked through the remaining days as though in a dream, wondering how unfairly she had judged those in her life. Was she fair in thinking Remus should be able to put aside his worries and just love her? Had she been fair with Sirius, and the pressures of his family, the weight of his upbringing? Yes, there was no excuse for what he had done, but perhaps she never really took into account the sort of pressures he was under. Lydia had always given Severus the benefit of the doubt, even when Lily stopped, because she could see so plainly what his struggles were. But was that truly the extent of her empathy? Did she have to be able to truly see someone's struggles to give them that benefit? Did she have to physically know their pain to understand their choices? As she helped Severus pack up their quarters the day after the feast, Lydia wondered what that made her, that she couldn't see past her own experiences. Severus could obviously see that something was bothering her, but he said nothing, perhaps expecting that she was upset that Terentius was leaving. "Everything?" he asked. If they stayed too much longer, they might as well stay for lunch, and she knew he wouldn't want to do that. He despised being more social than necessary. Lydia took one more look through the rooms before confirming that they did, in fact, have everything. Severus went through first with their trunk, as he had taken Lydia's other trunk through that morning, and she followed shortly after, with one last look at their sitting room before stepping into the grate. "Spinner's End!" She did not have to call out to know that Severus was in their room, putting away their trunk. The agreement was that whoever made dinner wouldn't have to do the unpacking, so Lydia would be doing the unpacking while Severus made dinner. But first they would have to figure out lunch. He came downstairs, brushing his hands off on his robes. "Change," she said firmly. "We're going out for lunch." He raised his eyebrows at her. "Out where?" "The deli." "And I should wear…?" She just gave him a stern look, but he shrugged, going back upstairs to put on more Muggle-appropriate attire. Lydia simply took off her cloak and smoothed out her dress. Severus was fiddling with the cuffs of his button-down shirt and she mentally ran through the options of getting him something to wear in the Muggle world a bit more casual than the black Oxfords. The trick was going to be getting him not to overheat, because he would always insist on black, and he would always insist on long-sleeves. Not that she blamed him on the sleeves. With the Dark Mark on his arm, it was all too understandable. Perhaps she would have to look into a lightweight material and having something made specially. It was not an uncommon sight, on a pleasant summer day, for Severus and Lydia to walk through the streets of Cokeworth hand in hand, Severus leading her to the park, or Lydia dragging him to one of the few decent places to eat. Typically, as today, this meant the deli. Lydia laced her fingers in his and he seemed to relax for the first time since leaving Hogwarts, walking a bit closer to her. "Mr. Snape," the deli owner said in greeting, smiling his knowing smile, which put the creases of his chubby face to work. The rest of his chubby body that was visible over the deli counter was fast at work preparing a sandwich for a small family that lived up the street. "Miss Rowe. A pleasure as always. Always nice to see the old families." The small family eyed the newcomers with interest, the woman's eyes scanning Lydia's attire shamelessly, the man sizing up Severus, and the little boy looking at their intertwined hands with wide brown eyes before turning to whisper behind his hand to his giggly little sister. Severus's hand tensed in Lydia's, and she realized the man was now looking at her. "Back as always," Lydia said pleasantly, pulling Severus up to the counter, ignoring the family. "How has your year been without us?" "Desolate, my darling," the man said, finishing up the last sandwich of the order and wrapping it. "The usual?" "Yes," Severus said in a cold, sharp voice that made the deli owner's eyes crinkle in amusement. "You never change, neither of you," he said, ringing up the family at the register. The man was still looking at Lydia, who was pointedly ignoring him. "You know," he said to the mother, "Lydia and Severus have lived in this neighborhood since childhood. I used to serve them as teenagers." Lydia nodded, thinking back to the years she lived alone, and how often she came to the deli for her shopping. He gave her such outrageous discounts, claiming it was because she was a regular, but Lydia had always known it was because he was nervous about how thin she would get, the longer she was home from school. "How charming," the woman said in a voice that said quiet plainly that she didn't find it charming at all. Lydia and Severus paid the family no mind as they took their giggling children away and the deli owner began on their order. "You two really ought to come around more often this summer," the deli owner said. "Having your beautiful face brightens the whole shop, Lydia." "That woman didn't seem to think so," Lydia said playfully. "Then she was a fool," Severus said darkly. "Harsh as ever," the deli owner said, smiling again as he finished off Lydia's sandwich. "No, she is a young and jealous housewife, and you happen to be a young and attractive woman, Lydia." She felt her skin flush, but she shrugged, knowing if she tried to speak she would only splutter like a fool. Lydia and Severus returned to Spinner's End with their food and ate in the sitting room, with the tea Severus got up to make. Lydia licked a bit of mustard off her pinky and thanked him as he set down her tea, and he kissed the corner of her mouth. "Do you have plans for the rest of the day?" he asked. "Apart from dinner and unpacking, I mean." Lydia shrugged, starting in on the second half of her sandwich. She hadn't given it much thought, but he was right, there was plenty of day she hadn't thought out yet. "No, I suppose I don't." He nodded and said, "If you find the idea agreeable, I thought we might do an Occlumency lesson after we finish lunch, before it's time to get ready for dinner. Lydia nodded and said that would be fine. It had been a while since their last lesson, and she wanted to be certain she didn't get rusty. The regular practice shielding her mind might be worthless if Severus didn't check it on occasion. "You know, I love the Hogwarts food, but this will always be a bit better, somehow," she said, before licking the last bit of mustard off her pinky. Severus grunted in acknowledgement, neither agreeing nor disagreeing with her. No doubt, he would tell her something about how the food did not taste any better, and that it was merely nostalgia making her thing such foolish things, but she appreciated that he wasn't pushing the matter, especially as they were about to practice something so invasive of her mind. Severus finished the last of his sandwich and watched her drink the last of her tea with a completely unreadable expression. No doubt he was already planning his onslaught of her mind. "Ready?" he asked, and Lydia nodded, deciding that today she was going to keep him from memories to do with Remus. "I will be forceful." She nodded again, and took a deep, steadying breath. "Legilimens." Memories rushed through her, a mix of emotions and sensations and sounds and sights. She felt herself drawn to moments of grief and she realized it was Severus seeking those out. She tried to push him away into happier memories, but he was stronger than she expected. Lydia focused on the section he was seeking out, and she pushed ones with obvious moments with Remus to the back of her mind, trying to do it discretely. She could feel the memories happening in rushing moments, funeral after funeral, so quickly, so many, that she could not keep track of where she was, when she was, who she was supposed to be mourning. She recognized the wake Lily arranged for Artemis and Mary after Artemis's death. She could feel a horrific pain in her chest, could feel tears on her cheeks although she knew they must be dry. She was back in the kitchen of Sirius's second house and Albus was telling her that Lily and James and Peter were gone forever. She was holding Theia's hand in the hospital wing, feeling how the soft, aged skin was so cold and empty of life. Her parents were dead at the bottom of the staircase and she could feel a scream in her that did not sound. She was standing in a suburban neighborhood in Surrey, and Petunia and Vernon Dursley had just slammed a door in her face, ignoring her screams and begs as she demanded to just see Harry, just to see him one last time. She stood with Severus in the graveyard of Godric's Hollow and felt as though her insides had moved to different spots inside of her. She was now standing with Sirius in front of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, feeling tears welling up in her eyes. "What if something's happened to her?" she heard herself say, feeling her body tremble. "It'll be all my fault. I should have told someone, I should have told a teacher. I should have—" "Shh." Sirius brushed some hair out of her face. "No matter what we find, none of this is your fault. Okay?" She felt herself swallow and nod, felt her eyes blink at the stinging tears as she checked the toilets. Not a soul inside. They walked together down the marble staircase, checking every empty classroom, every broom cupboard, the Great Hall, the chamber at the far end. No sign of Mary. "One more floor," Sirius whispered, taking her head. She could feel his sweat on her palm, and disgust rose up like a wave. At the same time she felt comfort and almost relief as they took the stone steps one stair at a time toward the dungeons. "Maybe she was just in the library," she said, her voice high and weak and foreign to her own ears as they reached the first landing. Creaking rope. Dripping. Sirius's lit wand raised. Mary, hanging, pale and bloodless, a pool of her blood on the floor. More dripping from her pale, lifeless toes. A scream, probably Lydia's, and it kept sounding, echoing in her ears as Sirius pulled her up the stairs, his strong arms wrapping around her, desperate to calm her, to bring her comfort. He was saying things in her ear, that things would be okay, that he would make sure she was safe, but Lydia barely heard them, so flooded with conflicting emotions and the pure terror of the discovery. Lydia was shivering violently when she blinked, and Severus had pulled her into his arms, but she couldn't feel his hands. She couldn't forget the sensation of Sirius's arms around her, his breath tickling her ear, moving the hair that fell on the side of her face to move closer, to whisper how it wasn't her fault, that everything would turn out alright. "I'm not going anywhere," Severus said. "No one can hurt you here, Lydia. He's never going to touch you again." She closed her eyes and could see with startling clarity the dripping blood on Mary's toes. A/N: Review Prompt: *cough* Sorry for the delay. I've been told it was, like, a month. Real life. I'm tellin' you guys. So. Review. Scariest thing you've ever seen on television. Not films. Television. There's the episode of the X-Files that I totally forgot existed and I was watching it alone in the dark tonight after three straight hours of X-Files alone in the dark and I don't think I'll sleep. Forever. And I shall always lock my doors. Maybe carry pepper spray. -C
A/N: This super belated chapter is dedicated to my dear reader, my patient reader (yeah, that's all of you, I know), Nevermorea, who left me a delightful review last time around. Many thousands upon thousands of apologies. I'll do my best to get my shit together now. Happy Christmas! -C After the third night in a row of Lydia waking, thrashing, with Severus holding her arms, concern in his eyes as he looked down at her, she agreed to sit down and talk about what was bothering her. "I really don't know," she finally admitted. "They're memories, mostly, but they're all twisted. And sometimes I can't recall what they're memories of." Severus nodded, considering her as he stood across the room. Lydia hoped he would simply tell her that there was a simple potion she could take temporarily that would solve her problem, but instead he started asking questions. "Twisted how?" Lydia tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and closed her eyes, trying to decide how best to explain. "They're not like how I see them in Occlumency, or when I try to recall them during the day. Something's always off, like the castle isn't the way it really is, or the wrong people are there, or they say or do the wrong things." When she opened her eyes, Severus seemed troubled, his black eyes darker than usual, almost dull. "Different from Occlumency," he echoed. Somehow, when he said it aloud, it sounded different to her, like the words suddenly had more meanings, and Lydia inhaled sharply. "It isn't a side effect of the Occlumency lessons, is it?" she asked urgently, almost panicked. As straining as they often were, she didn't want to end the lessons, and she didn't want him to use this as an excuse to end them if he felt uncomfortable. "Well," he said slowly, crossing to sit beside her, "apart from the greater-than-average stress that Occlumency can place on the unprepared mind, there should be no side effects. And such stress has been known to induce the occasional nightmare, but not this. Nothing of this sort. It is something to consider, of course, but I should be very doubtful if that were the true cause of the nightmares." He began to interrogate her about what types of memories troubled her, who was in them, where she was, how each dream differed from reality. At the end of the questioning, Lydia felt dizzy, and less certain about anything than when they began the discussion. Severus had stood again, pacing now as he turned over what felt to Lydia to be a flurry of information. "Remind me," he said in a low, soft voice, "what you are afraid of. What some call…phobias." Lydia had to think about it. She hadn't sat around, growing up, making a list of what she was afraid of. Her father had topped the non-existent list, growing up, closely followed by Severus's father. She had a fear of being alone, she supposed. And she had never been especially comfortable around carnivorous plants or pigeons. She related her list as calmly as possible to Severus, who took them in, not surprised by anything. Not that she expected him to be. He had learned her fears almost as she had learned them, in most cases. "That is all?" he prompted. "None of the typical phobias like…darkness or snakes or rats?" She tried to think of anything common fears that bothered her, but to her experience, none had, and she told him so. "Then why," he said, sitting back down across from her, "are nearly sixty percent of the dreams you've related to me featuring significant amounts of darkness and rats?" Lydia hadn't made the connection until Severus pointed it out to her, and even after she realized he was right, she had no idea what it meant. She wasn't afraid of the dark, and she wasn't afraid of rats. Poor little Peter had even taken a rat as his Animagus form, and at the thought of Peter and what Sirius had done to him, she shivered. "What is it?" Severus asked her. "No, it's nothing," she said softly. "Just another memory. But no, I'm not afraid of rats or darkness." She watched Severus as he tried to find a reason apart from a pathological fear that her mind could be regularly manifesting these things into her nightmares. She hoped he would find a reason, because that had to be the first step to getting rid of them. "Dreams are important," Severus said, with thinly veiled frustration causing his shoulders to tense and his neck to stiffen as he paced. "They can say a great deal. Not in the way that fools studying Divination suggest. But there is ample proof that they are a tool of the subconscious mind to tell us important things." Lydia couldn't begin to imagine what her subconscious was trying to tell her, and Severus seemed at a loss as well. He did, however, say that there were adjustments to the usual sleeping potions which could be made in order to address her particular concerns. "This may sound particularly dull and stupid," Severus said in a grumble, "but keeping a sort of dream journal would not be amiss. As I work on finding options, it will help you to articulate your concerns to me. Perhaps you will make connections without my help." Admittedly, she thought it was a bit silly, but she did agree to make some sort of note of her nightmares to attempt to keep track of them. Perhaps if she unlocked whatever message her subconscious was supposedly telling her, she would not need any potions, adjusted or otherwise. She assured him that she would try, however, and Severus then went to make breakfast, kissing Lydia's forehead before he left and telling her that they could work on lesson plans during breakfast. Just the mention of such mundane things as breakfast and lesson plans and her shoulders unknitted, her breathing easing as she considered changes she had been planning to make. She showered, dressed, and came downstairs to the kitchen, where Severus was boiling water for tea and tipping some bacon onto a plate of eggs and toast for her. "Poached eggs?" Lydia asked, incredulous and somewhat touched by the effort. Growing up, Lydia had been devoted to the idea of making the perfect poached eggs on toast, but she'd failed miserably by Muggle means and never managed the delicacy of magical means in cooking. Severus hardly ever bothered with them, as he himself did not particularly like poached eggs, but he must have thought that her favorite breakfast item might lift her spirits after the draining talk of nightmares. "I'm putting honey in your tea," Severus said, ignoring her reaction to the meal he pushed before her. "Not much, mind. Just a couple of drops. It should soothe any irritation in your throat." Lydia's lips twitched. Had he not alluded to the fact that she'd woken him screaming and thrashing that morning, she would have perhaps chuckled or at least smiled that Severus so predictably talked of measuring honey in drops of all things. Only a Potions Master or a chemist would measure honey for their tea in drops. They took their breakfast in companionable silence, and Lydia relished the perfection of her poached eggs on toast. He was right, she barely noticed the honey in her tea. Granted, she hadn't noticed any irritation in her throat, either, but Severus always seemed to know what he was talking about with such things. "Do you plan to change much this year?" he asked mildly, pulling out his own plans. "I plan to adjust every lesson this year, actually," Lydia said cheerfully, pouring herself a second cup of tea and holding up the pot by way of a question to Severus. He shook his head and she set it aside. "I want to try a new method of warming up the students for the day. And maybe more regular assignments, but shorter ones." "More regular assignments?" Severus asked, frowning. "Will this take more time from you?" "I doubt it very much," Lydia said, smiling. "They're going to be easier to grade, you see. I think I'm going to cut out essays altogether from third year, and only once a unit from non-exam years. Exam year students will still have the same number of essays, but there's no helping that." He hummed, almost a grumble, and she knew he was skeptical of her assertion, but she didn't mind. She knew what she was capable of with workload, and she wouldn't let the fact that he was stuck in his ways keep her from experimenting to find the best course of action for teaching her students, especially where grading was concerned. "Besides," she said, taking his hand from across the table, "when I change the assignments, students can't copy the problem sets from last years' students and turn it in as their own work." Severus nodded thoughtfully before smirking and saying, "Very clever, Lydia. And you were worried about being capable of teaching." "When was this?" "Before your first year," he said, tracing his fingertips along the edges of her fingers where the skin was the most tender. "Do you recall how you panicked when I first helped you create lesson plans?" She laughed and blushed, but that was a good point she had forgotten. She had been terrified of being a teacher at the time, but she felt liked a practiced professional now. And in some ways, knowing that the students liked her better than Severus and still did well on exams, she felt that perhaps she was the better teacher of the two. They finished their breakfasts and worked on their respective sets of lesson plans, and Lydia was amused to notice that Severus paused before writing in each assignment, perhaps considering lightening his own workload, without lessening the workload of his students. After some time, he glanced up at her and said, "What would you say if I had more time on my hands?" "What would I say?" Lydia asked, trying not to be too obviously amused. "I think we could certainly find ways to fill the time." He surprised her by lifting her hand to his lips, kissing the tips of her fingers and holding them there so that she could feel the warmth and moisture of his breath on the tender, sensitive skin. Lydia wondered if extra time together was enough of a temptation for her to coax him into making less work for his students, but she supposed that was an unlikely possibility. Severus lived to make his students experience the full range of teen angst. "After we finish," he said, "I want to do another lesson, if that is agreeable to you." "Hmm?" "Occlumency." "Oh, sure," she said, turning her attention back to her lesson plans, trying not to register her surprise when Severus kissed her fingers again. Perhaps the list of her nightmares had caused him some kind of difficulty, and he wanted to assuage this and bond them again. Perhaps this was why he was being so affectionate. Lydia decided to focus on finishing her work as quickly as possible, allowing her to give Severus her attention as quickly as possible. They worked in silence, with only the occasional sound of Lydia sipping her tea. When the tea was gone and her final lesson plans completed, Lydia stood, and was surprised that Severus stood shortly after, leading her upstairs to their bedroom. She thought, for a moment, that maybe he'd decided not to do the lesson after all, but to spend a bit more time in bed with her. However, he had her sit on the foot of the bed and he stood across from her, pulling out his wand. "How do you want me?" she asked, not really thinking about her words. His eyes flashed and he paused a very long moment. "You are proficient in many areas of Occlumency at this point," Severus finally said, smiling at her. "Why don't you try to surprise me?" Lydia didn't like the sound of that, in spite of being pleased that he thought highly enough of her skills to use a word like proficient. "Alright," she said. "I'll do my best." She built the wall in her mind, but before she could finish shoring up her defenses, she heard the incantation and felt like she was being opened up from inside her head. She could feel herself rushing through memories and she tried to slow them, tried to stop them, but nothing seemed to work. She was suddenly standing in Sirius's bedroom, in their second home. Sirius was standing there, speaking to her, as she crossed to the bathroom. Rage coursed through her, but she didn't know why. Was this something she wanted Severus to see? Probably not, if Sirius was involved. "Lydia, talk to me," Sirius said, but she was in the bathroom now, and ignoring him. The tiles were cool beneath her feet. She had peeled off her socks and was tossing them behind her as Sirius entered the room. "What are you doing?" he asked. "Showering." Lydia could feel a rush of panic as she realized the memory this was. Forget about what Severus wanted. She didn't want to see this again. She tried to call forward an image from her office, but Severus had rooted them in this memory somehow, tying them in, connecting them to the physicality and the extreme emotional reaction she had to the scene. "You had a shower three hours ago." "I'm showering again." Her voice was so calm, but she felt a burning rage, and she knew it was her own. Severus was too busy rooting them to the memory to have any emotional reaction to it himself. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" The mix of emotions as she turned to face him was nauseating. Her own rage, her own self-hatred were powerful enough, and then Severus's murderous loathing of Sirius and Sirius's words compounded, and all Lydia wanted was to find a way to pull herself out of this memory, but as soon as she untied some of the rooting Severus had done, he had three more connectors ready. Now, though, now he was distracted by the memory itself, and she couldn't allow herself to waste the opportunity. "Excuse me?" she said, hardly recognizing her own voice. It was low, harsh, and frightfully calm. Severus's anger was still boiling strong, but he had a strange emotional reaction to that voice, and Lydia almost thought that it had aroused him to hear her speak like that, particularly, perhaps, to speak to Sirius like that. The Sirius in her memory was startled by this change in voice, and he took a step back from her, looking at her like she was a stranger. "What is going on with you? It's like you've gone mad. Is it Remus?" She snorted, pulled off her top, and Lydia sensed that Severus had tensed somehow, but she wasn't sure if it had to do with the mention of Remus or the act of pulling off her shirt. "Not everything has to do with Remus. Just because he came over for tea last week doesn't mean I've decided to elope with him." "Have you?" "No. Just leave me alone, Sirius. I want to shower." "Not until you tell me what this is all about!" His voice was angry, vitriolic, and Lydia let her skirt fall to the ground just as Sirius crossed to her and pulled her around to face him. Those beautiful, terrible gray eyes were swirling with fury and lust, anger and pain, and Lydia could almost feel his mess of emotions on top of her own from the past and present, on top of Severus's. The very moment Sirius's hands were on her, she felt fear, and she didn't know if that fear was from the past or the present. Suddenly, although she was still standing in that moment with Sirius, in the bathroom, she could hear his voice from another time, an earlier time, and could feel with it all the emotions associated. "Are you afraid of me?" Sirius's voice demanded. "No." Not a lie, not a truth, just a word that said less than it should. And even as she desperately tried to find a way to claw her way out of either memory, of both memories at once, into something that didn't make her feel so small, she could feel Severus's confusion, his anger, and something like pain that might have belonged to either or both of them. "Then why are you shrinking away?" "Because you're…you're…" Without seeing herself, without seeing that iteration of him, she could see herself suddenly in a closet watching her mother shrink from her yelling father, could see a small version of herself shrinking down a wall as her father fumed at her. Severus's voice echoed through the scene, the voice of him as a teenager: "Surely you aren't shallow enough to think looks and charm are sufficient qualities…. He's a Black, Lydia. It's in his blood…. He is dangerous, Lydia, even if you've yet to see it…. He tried to kill me…. Don't ruin yourself." Sirius said nothing back, and Lydia heard her own voice saying, "Why do you do it? Why do you kill them? You don't even know who they are!" His voice, angry and frustrated, responded, "Lydia, if I didn't kill people, I wouldn't be alive!" She was in the shower again, back to that first memory, and he was holding her arm, holding her in place. "Let go of me," Lydia said to Sirius, firmly, but a strange mix of fear and pain and anger from all these swirling memories overwhelmed whatever she had felt on the day. "Lydia," he said as she swatted uselessly at his hand, "I promise you, nothing bad is going to happen." "You can't promise that!" she cried, her voice a strange, vicious version of itself that Lydia was afraid of. She pulled herself into the shower to get away from him, but he followed her, not letting going. "Stop it, Sirius! Just leave me alone!" Again, Sirius took a step backwards and he slipped on her bra, his head narrowly missing the wall as he fell, narrowly missing the corner of the sink. She could feel the panic, fear, horror, shame of what she had nearly done. But her current self saw it differently. If his head had landed just a few small inches over, he could have been seriously injured, perhaps even died. The words exchanged as she closed the door to the shower and sank to the floor were meaningless. Just a few inches and maybe Lily and James and Peter would still be alive. Inches. She was crying on the floor of the shower, not bothering to turn on the water as she shivered and wallowed. Severus pulled her out of the memory forcefully, and she nearly fainted from the lack of stimuli. She gasped, feeling her whole body tremble, feeling tears stinging at her eyes. "Lydia," Severus said firmly. "Lydia, it was a memory. It wasn't real." "I could have saved them," she whispered. "What?" he asked sharply. "Lydia, look at me." She did, but she more looked through him than anything, seeing only the narrow gap between Sirius's head and the sink as he fell. He had killed people, killed people to maintain his cover as a spy. He had used her, charmed her, manipulated her. And just a few inches in a fight, just a little closer to the wall, and he would have been dead and it would all have been over, and now he was alive somewhere and everyone else was dead, and Lydia had to keep on living with the knowledge that he had used her to destroy Lily, the person she loved more than anything in the world. Severus's arms were around her, but it took several minutes for Lydia to realize that he was pulling her to her feet, leading her to their bathroom. He turned on a warm shower and pulled her into it without bothering about their clothes. "Lydia, look at me!" he said. She struggled to get her mind, her eyes, to focus, and she was shocked when he slapped her sharply across the cheek. His face came into focus and she touched her cheek, stunned. "You hit me," she said, bewildered. "Why…why did you do that?" "You're in shock," Severus said, checking her pupils and adjusting the temperature of the water. "I can't leave you here alone unless I know you're in your right mind. I'm going to get something for the shock. Will you take it?" "I…." "Lydia," he said firmly, and she looked up at his eyes, his dark, smooth, worried eyes. "Lydia, you could not have saved them. If you allow yourself to think that you could, you will not be able to function. And I…I need you to function, Lydia. I can't lose you. Do you understand me? I cannot lose you." She nodded numbly, but she understood the desperation just underneath his voice. Without Severus, she didn't want to think about what her life would be. It made sense that he felt the same. "I'm freezing," she muttered. "It's the shock," he said gently. "You'll be okay for a few minutes while I get that potion?" "Mmm." Severus stood and made sure she could hold herself steady from where she knelt on the ground before stepping out of the shower. "Severus," she said before he could leave the room. "Yes?" "I'm not my mother." She was crying again, and she didn't know why. Severus turned back to her, holding her wrists, pulling her to her feet so that he could look her in the eye. "You are absolutely not your mother," he said gently. "You got angry at him. You fought back. You had power over him." Power…. "But no control," she whispered. She closed her eyes and was surprised when Severus wrapped his arms around her, holding her in a hug. "You are not your mother," he said gently. "And as much as I hate to say it, he was not your father. Not yet. He was a different kind of monster. We fashion our own demons, Lydia, and Black got what he deserved. Lifetime of agony for his treachery, and the only years of happiness he had are forever tainted because he loved someone who loved someone else. He built his own prison. Don't let your life become a prison too. You are not your mother." She held on to him as her body shook and twitched with sobs until he felt comfortable leaving her long enough to get the potion for shock. It tasted bitter, but it warmed her from the inside out, like firewhiskey without the burning. But it didn't take away the numbness. A/N: Cough. So, I meant to have this up yesterday, but as you can see, it's extra-long and took on a bit of a mind of its own toward the end. So…bonus-sized for Boxing Day? :D We'll go with that. Shout out to s8xyvriska for giving me the idea for this particular chapter's Occlumency lesson. Review Prompt: Get anything interesting for Christmas? Apart from this chapter, of course. ;) I got Luna's Wand to add to my collection. A special prize for someone who manages to guess what the other four wands I already have are. I think you all should know me well enough by now to guess. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader New Suit Blue Tie, which is longtime reader s8xyvriska with a new name. Happy new name! :D Or something. Enjoy! -C Lydia finished off the letter to Albus with a note that Severus had yet to tell her anything about the staffing changes for next year, if he knew about them, so would he please tell her anything that was known, since it was August and she desperately wanted to know names at the very least. Severus was brooding over his latest Potions periodical in the kitchen while Lydia was catching up on her correspondence before they went to Diagon Alley to do some last-minute shopping. In three days they would be moving back to Hogwarts to prepare for the new school year, and Lydia wanted to have plenty of time in case they forgot something on their trip. "If we go before the lists are sent out, we'll see fewer of our students," she had said. At that, Severus agreed to go several days before moving back to Hogwarts. There was not much correspondence to attend to once she sent the booklist off to Albus. A few notes to her publishers. Responses to fellow Arithmancers on her thoughts on their research. By the time she sent off the fifth letter of the day, an owl arrived in the kitchen, and Severus called that it was addressed to her. Lydia retrieved the letter, which was very obviously from Albus. She asked Severus how his periodical was and he just hummed in response. Lydia kissed his forehead before retreating the room again, opening the letter. Dear Lydia, I thank you for the book lists. They will be distributed first thing for tomorrow's post. As a matter of fact, the staffing changes were told to Severus, and I am surprised he did not discuss them with you. We have selected a very talented man to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts this year. Priam is not a man I know especially well, but he comes highly recommended, and his work in the field of defense psychology is brilliant. You should read it sometime. I think, having lived through the war, that you will find much of it familiar. He is not an old man, but he is old enough to have taught you and Severus, certainly. A colleague, if not a peer. Speaking of peers, please write to Remus. He has written me three times in the past month asking after you. Even if you won't have him around to Spinner's End for tea, I am sure there can be no objection to you writing him more often. Albus Lydia snorted, crumpling the letter and tossing it into the wastebasket with her blotting paper. She was writing Remus often enough. He hadn't complained yet, not to her anyway, and while she didn't think Albus was lying to her per se, she wouldn't be surprised if he wasn't exaggerating the truth in order to meddle with her life again. "Severus!" she called, trying to put the matter out of her mind. "I'm ready to go when you are." He told her that it would be a few minutes, so she went upstairs to freshen up. Lydia looked at herself in the mirror, feeling a shiver down her spine as she thought of herself in the memories they had been experiencing. She hadn't been so much younger then, but it felt like a lifetime ago, like someone had put her life on a different time continuum. She had lines now that hadn't been there when she lived with Sirius, around her eyes and on her forehead. No doubt worry lines from teaching. She sucked in a cool breath and let it out heavily before combing her fingers through her hair and going downstairs to find Severus reaching for his cloak. Lydia felt her lips twitch, but she smoothed out her expression as she reached the bottom few steps. "You really don't need that," she said. "It's plenty warm out." "Still." "Students won't have their booklists yet, Sev," she said, watching him fasten his cloak with deft fingers. "No image to maintain." Severus said nothing, raising an eyebrow as if to ask whether she had a list, and Lydia just rolled forward a bit on her feet to reach his lips more easily, pulling him down slightly to her kiss. Severus did not hesitate to kiss her back, not yet fully on guard as he was in public. "Let's go," she said, smiling at him as she leaned back after a long moment kissing. She took his hand and she ignored the mildly uncomfortable sensation of Disapparating, a sensation she had grown so used to that she hardly noticed it anymore. They let go of each other's hands almost instantly upon landing. Shopping was almost reflexive for them after so long, as with so many other things. They went to the same shops as always, with nearly the same list as always, and the proprietors of the shops seemed to anticipate their needs, particularly at the apothecary and stationary shop. "I have to get a few small things," Severus said softly. "They're not carried in a typical apothecary, and Pomona's supply won't be ready by the time I need it for the lesson." Lydia raised an eyebrow, but if he wasn't telling her what it was now he'd either tell her when he wanted or he wouldn't tell her at all. "Do you want me to meet you back at Spinner's End?" He shook his head, glancing up the street slightly at a mother pushing a child in a pram toward the sweetshop. "I won't be long. Buy yourself an ice cream or a book or something. I'll find you when I finish." Lydia nodded and watched him leave, up toward Gringotts, although she knew that wasn't where he was going. He was headed for Knockturn Alley, and she sighed when he was out of sight, deciding to go for the ice cream. After a bit of time alone with a bowl of ice cream, Lydia was beginning to grow a bit nervous that something had happened to Severus – nothing sinister, perhaps just waylaid haggling with some idiot shopkeeper who thought they could cheat him – and she thought perhaps she ought to send him a message and head back to Spinner's End, when someone sat down across from her. Lydia was momentarily startled, until she saw Remus smiling at her. "You gave me a turn," she said, laughing breathlessly. "How are you?" "Better now I've seen you," he said, grinning. "What have you been up to?" Lydia shrugged and told him a little about the correspondence she was doing between research projects, and how she and Severus had just spent some time re-doing their lesson plans for the upcoming year. "I just want a quiet year for once," she said, smirking. "But I suppose that's what I get, working at Hogwarts. I wonder if they've had a quiet year since the school opened." "I imagine they must have in all the centuries it's been open," he teased, and she realized he must be in work if he was so merry. "What are you up to these days?" she asked, determining that it was safe to ask. After all, he was smiling at her. "It's kind of a funny story, actually," he said, tapping at her fingers with his pointing fingers playfully. "Do you remember Davey Gudgeon?" And Remus proceeded to tell her the funny story about how Davey, the boy who famously almost lost an eye on a dare to touch the trunk of the Whomping Willow, was working at a mandrake farm in Yorkshire and they had bumped into each other while buying milk one day and were catching up. Lydia laughed as he told her about how Davey encouraged him to look into the farm when he mentioned that he was between jobs, and how Davey clearly had forgotten that Remus was useless at root plants in Herbology. "So what do you do?" she asked eagerly. "I get a small but regular salary to come in a certain number of times a week and see to soil," Remus said, shrugging. "Manure, essentially?" "Well, I check that nothing's got into the soil supply, no bacteria or mold growths that could harm the plants, and I turn it to keep animals from settling in it. I have to be there when there's shipments, but I can schedule with the owners." Lydia told him how wonderful it was with a smile, because it was very good that he was in work, and she didn't want to burst the bubble of happiness at his being in work. It was good that he was in work. He'd been in far worse situations before. But she could tell by the vague descriptions of the work that it was part-time, probably hardly enough to pay rent, much less feed and clothe himself, and Merlin forbid he need serious medical treatment. It was not a long-term solution, not really, but it was better than nothing, and he just looked so happy. The last time they had both talked, smiling, laughing just like this, was back when they were in school, before she started seeing Sirius, probably before she was so in love with him she couldn't speak. She must have been twelve, thirteen years old. How many years they had missed, how many smiles and laughs. It felt good to laugh. Lydia lost track of time completely, lost track of everything except the glow in Remus's eyes and the thread of their conversation. Remus eventually jolted when he heard someone else tell a passing acquaintance the time and he said he had to go, but that he wanted to catch up again soon, perhaps grab a meal. Lydia stood when he stood, and happily allowed herself to be pulled into a hug. She was just swept away with the cheerfulness in their interactions, and she felt her heart racing like mad when he pulled out of the hug slightly and kissed her lips gently. It wasn't a careless peck, exactly, but it wasn't quite a lingering kiss. Lydia felt a strange mixture of disappointment and elation as he pulled away from the kiss, smiled at her, and left. He didn't see Severus standing about twenty paces away from them, frowning. Lydia didn't see him at first, either. The frown didn't immediately concern her, because he was always frowning, but then she saw something very strange in his eyes that did not belong there. She didn't know what word to associate with it, but it made her think of the look Sirius would sometimes get when Remus made a rare overture toward her. Anxious that something had upset Severus, she hurried over to him. His face melted into indifference quickly as she approached, but she wanted to get home, get back to Spinner's End where she could change clothes and they could curl up with wine on the sofa and whatever had upset him could be at least temporarily forgotten. "Done, then?" she asked in what was probably a falsely cheerful voice. "Shall we go back?" Severus nodded, leading the way to the Apparition point, and Lydia told herself that he hadn't just turned away from her like that, so bitterly, so anxiously. Something had certainly upset him. At Spinner's End, Severus made no further sign of frustration or dissatisfaction, and he made them tea and dinner and didn't even ask her if she wanted to perhaps do her share and clean up. He washed all the dishes, reminded her that he would be sending the trunks over before breakfast in the morning, and made no signs that anything was wrong at all. In fact, anything about him that Lydia sometimes found irksome he seemed to go out of his way not to do. "Severus," she said when they climbed into bed that night, "is everything alright?" "Why wouldn't it be?" That was all the answer he would give, and Lydia decided not to press him, but instead to curl up against him until he wrapped his arms around her. They went back to Hogwarts and found themselves among the earliest returned. Lydia set up her quarters and office, and when she went down to the quarters she essentially shared with Severus, he was already brewing two cups of tea, with a small fire lit in the grate. "All settled in, then?" she asked, sitting beside him. He hummed, handing her a cup when she curled against him. "Do we have to go down for lunch?" "Not if you don't want to," he said, wrapping his arm around her waist. "It's up to you, Lydia." There was a weight on those words that made her feel slightly suffocated, but she took a deep breath and said, "Maybe we could wait until dinner. I'm pretty comfortable where we are." Severus surprised her by setting down his tea and turning to press his face into her hair, into her neck. Lydia nervously took a couple of sips of tea, wondering what he was going to do, but he just held her, breathing on her neck in steady, calm breaths. Her neck was going stiff and sharp pains of discomfort shot through her shoulder after some time, but she didn't dare move in case Severus was disappointed or upset. He seemed very keen on holding her like this. When her stomach growled terribly loudly, however, he pulled away from her neck and called for a house-elf to bring them a plate of sandwiches and some tea. They ate in companionable silence, Severus even surprising her by pulling her legs onto his lap and massaging her calves while she ate, when he'd had all the food he wanted. Lydia watched as his graceful fingers worked on her skin, and she shivered slightly as she ate. She finished half a sandwich and picked up another. "What's gotten into you?" she asked, although she wished she hadn't when he paused. She didn't care about the massage, she cared about the way his neck stiffened. After a pause, he said softly, "Do you want me to stop?" "Not if you don't want to." Still, he paused before he lifted her left leg slightly, leaning to press kisses on it. They tickled, but she tried not to let it show. He continued to massage and kiss her legs, leaving her question unanswered all through lunch, and then when she finished eating, finished her tea, he shifted them so that he was lying on his back on the sofa, with her stretched out on top of him, on her stomach, looking down at his face. It wasn't terribly comfortable for her, and she didn't imagine it could be comfortable for him, but he didn't seem to want her to move, so she tried not to. She just watched his face for clues, thinking it so strange that she didn't know what he was thinking. They went to dinner, although Lydia would have been perfectly happy to be with him in their quarters. Albus watched them enter the Great Hall with slightly narrowed eyes, and when Lydia frowned slightly at no sight of an unfamiliar face, he said, "Priam Carman will be joining us tomorrow." With the way things had been going, Lydia half expected him to say that Priam was especially looking forward to meeting her, but there was no such mention, and she and Severus sat down to dinner without any further mention of the new professor. "You look very well, Lydia," Minerva said happily, passing her the rolls. Lydia took a roll and murmured her thanks, trying to think of something polite to add. "Have you travelled at all?" "Ah, no," Lydia said, feeling her cheeks flush slightly as Severus's hand rested on her thigh. "I, erm, I don't particularly enjoy going abroad." "Perhaps you're not going to the right places," Pomona chirped. "Where have you been?" "Erm, France," she said, ignoring the twitch of Severus's jaw at the mention of that one trip she took with her father, all those years ago. "I suggest Spain, my dear," Albus said cheerfully, his eyes twinkling with mischief when she glanced up at him. Severus's hand tightened on her thigh. "I think Malaga would do you well." "Perhaps, Albus," she said. Even if she would enjoy Malaga, she couldn't fathom getting Severus to go to Spain, or even to leave the country. She didn't particularly want to go, anyway. She was perfectly happy with Cokeworth, with their home. For all her thoughts of running away to another country with Remus or Sirius during the war, the idea of actually going somewhere new was more than a little bit terrifying. Dinner was a quiet affair, and Lydia got to hear about some of the things her colleagues had done over the summer, and was interrogated, as usual, on what research she had completed while she was away from the school. Severus quietly ate his dinner, and when the meal was over, the two left together without fearing any whispers about them. By this point, if anyone had any suspicions about them, common sense would say that it was simply their friendship, which was practically life-long. Severus lit a fire in the grate as Lydia pulled off her robes and rubbed her eyes. "I had forgotten how exhausting it is to move in," she muttered, feeling Severus come up behind her and trace his hands on her upper arms. She nearly asked him what got into him again, but after his response earlier in the day she decided it didn't matter. He pressed a few kisses on her neck, lifting her soft hair from her skin to get better access. "Bed, then?" he whispered, his lips tickling her ear. She had a wild thought that perhaps she could pull him into bed and let him seduce her, but she was simply to tired. She nodded, let him lead her in to bed, and sleepily submitted as he pulled off her clothes. Before he could act out any desires, if he thought of doing such a thing, she had crawled into bed and closed her eyes, letting her drowsiness win. A/N: Well, sorry about the delay. I'm doing student teaching. Not an excuse, I know, but it does take over life. Anyway, here is a chapter, and hopefully many more to come soonish. Review Prompt: What do you think is going to be the end of Priam, eh? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to all you loyal guest reviewers out there. Thanks for reading and reviewing even if you don't have an account! Your support is super appreciated! -C When Priam Carman finally did arrive, he brought the wizard flu with him. Lydia, naturally, caught it almost the moment she first shook his hand, and she was unable to attend the feast. Poppy gave her a healthy supply of Pepper-Up Potion, but Lydia was loth to take the stuff. She hated the sensation of steam coming out her ears, even if it was supposed to make her feel better in the long run. Severus came back from the feast a little early, and she knew he must have slipped out the back and made something of a scene by not being around for dessert. She was about to scold him when she sneezed violently. Lydia groaned and fell back on the pillow, her whole head aching. "You didn't take it again, did you?" he said sternly. Lydia said nothing. "Sit up. You're going to take this potion if I have to force it down your throat." "How sweet of you," she said sardonically, her nose stuffed and her body aching with every move. Severus said nothing about her bitter remark as he uncorked some of her potion and quirked an eyebrow to indicate that she should open her mouth if she didn't want him to open it for her. Lydia knew he absolutely would do it, so she dutifully opened her mouth, letting him pour the potion onto her tongue. It tasted vile, but Lydia swallowed. Spitting it up would only ensure that he would open another vial and force the whole procedure over again. She put her hand over her mouth to force swallowing, to fight the gag building up in her. Before she could complain about the taste, she grimaced as smoke came out of her ears, violently pushing out pressure. She moaned her discomfort, and Severus set a hand on her arm bracingly. "I know it's not very pleasant," he said, frowning. "Is there something I can get for you?" She opened her mouth, and he quickly said, "Not tea, not this time of night. You'll be well enough to teach tomorrow, and I don't want you staying up all night between the potion and a cup of tea." Lydia pouted, but she knew he would not be moved. After all, he was absolutely right. "Can I have some water, then?" she said, flexing her sore fingers. "Hot water." Severus left her to pout, although her head was already feeling less pressurized, and he came back several minutes later with hot water and a few of her books. Lydia frowned slightly, trying to sit up, but he pressed her back down gently. "You drink," he said, "and you pick a book. Am I right in thinking you've been reading this one?" He held up her copy of Derivations on the 12 Uses of Dragon's Blood: An Assessment of Numerical Properties of Physical Substances, which was sent to her by a fellow Arithmancer in Bolivia with a particular interest in her thoughts on the book. "Yeah," she said, trying to sit up again, but she froze under Severus's stern gaze and meekly relaxed onto her pillow. She took the water from Severus and began breathing in the steam from it as he settled on his side of the bed, setting aside the other books and opening the selected book to her marker, in Chapter Three. "Now," he said, smoothing the page. "Chapter Three: On Numerical Properties and Molecular Structure." Lydia took a sip of her water and ignored the burn on her lips. It distracted her from her soreness. She smiled to herself at the cleverness of what he had done: he selected to book where her mark was at a point more interesting to him than any of the others. "Although there is a great deal of controversy over the use of Muggle methods within the study of Arithmancy, English Arithmancer Lydia Rowe has shown that effective use of Muggle mathematics and sciences can lead to fruitful Arithmanic results." He paused, touching her hand. "A little revolutionary, are you?" She hummed and said, "Not really, but she's always thought so." Severus tapped her lips to quiet her, a reminder to rest her voice for teaching, and Lydia nodded meekly, raising her eyebrows expectantly for his reading. "Upon review of the Muggle discipline of chemistry, one can find a great deal of arithmantic usefulness, particularly in regards to liquid structures. One can see that many potions, powders, and bodily fluids have a direct arithmantic correlation between their numerical properties and their chemical properties, most notably their molecular structure. This holds true most obviously for blood, and dragon's blood at a near-perfect rate." Lydia closed her eyes and listened to the patterns of his voice. Between her tiredness and the medication and the melody of his smooth baritone silkily delivering each significant line. She didn't know where he left off, because she fell asleep there, listening to his words. In the morning, however, she felt much better, and Severus approved her for teaching classes. Apparently, he'd marked her book where she'd started snoring in hopes that she would be able to find the last thing she remembered from there when next she sat down to read. "Thank you for taking care of me," she told him before going to work for the day. "You needed it," he said, shrugging off the compliment. Lydia laughed. "I'm a terrible patient, Sev, I know I am. Thank you for putting up with me and forcing me to be good." His eyes flashed with something she didn't recognize, but Lydia kissed his chin to avoid infecting him too awfully, just in case, and she was pleased when he squeezed her hand before he let her walk out of the room. Whatever he said, he was pleased she thanked him. It was astonishing how easily they melted back into life. Lydia and Severus went about their teaching, their meetings, their evening tea, their occasional bursts of passion, as though they were always at Hogwarts, and their time away had no stamp on the time within the walls. In a way, Lydia supposed this was the way it was for many people, where Hogwarts was a microcosm of life, a false sense of a universe, that became so powerful when within it that one forgot that there was a true universe that included so much more depth and complexity. Lydia had two microcosms, really. She had Hogwarts and she had Spinner's End. She hadn't faced reality since the day Lily and James died, and she was okay with that. In the sinking back into routine, Lydia agreed after the first week of classes to do another Occlumency lesson. "Are you sure you feel well enough for this?" he asked politely. In truth, Lydia had been battling a slight headache during her recovery from the flu, probably not aided by her students, but she assured Severus that she was well enough to do a simple Occlumency lesson. He was not fully convinced, but he carefully pulled out his wand and readied himself to look into her mind. "I won't always let you prepare yourself," he warned, and Lydia nodded. She knew that he wouldn't take it easy on her at all times. Not if she was ever really going to learn to do it properly. She gathered her thoughts around how proud she was of Charlie Weasley for his Prefect Badge, of Bill for earning Head Boy. She was running through what she'd told them when she saw them during the week, how she had tried to manage the jealousy of other students as she gave those congratulations. "Legilimens." The focus she had on the positive feeling of pride was invaded slightly, and pulled in different directions, searching. Lydia could feel her chest tighten as she tried to steady herself, but Severus's invasion was pointed and powerful. The pride melted into a slight anxiety at the force of his intentionality, and that was all the opening he needed to pull her deep into the recesses of her memory. A graveyard, a casket being lowered into a fresh grave, in the rain. Lydia was holding a warm hand, knowing without thinking on it much that this was Sirius's hand. Lily was clinging to James, sobbing silently into a handkerchief. Whose funeral was it? There were so many of them. The coffin didn't seem familiar, and even the rain could have been any English rain. Someone in the Order was dead. Disturbingly, she was numb. She didn't feel any despair or fear or anger or sadness, only a mild anxiety of being along with Sirius after the funeral. He was never quite himself after funerals, and the more death he saw, the stranger it was. Suddenly, she was walking through the halls of Hogwarts, and she could feel Severus's mild confusion at the shift. But Lydia knew, instinctively, where she was and what she was doing. She could feel the pounding of her heart, the guilty feeling that she should have said something, that she should have realized. She could hear Sirius's breathing nearby, and she heard herself say words as they looked down the stairwell. The words were not important, but the dizziness she felt, the realization she could feel from Severus's consciousness. The scream as she saw Mary, pale, hanging, bleeding, and how the image would not go away as Sirius pulled her back to the top of the staircase, holding her as he tried to calm her distress. Severus's pity and anger mingled strangely with her own terrible storm of emotions, and a moment later, she could feel Severus pulling away. The suddenness of the return to consciousness nearly caused Lydia to faint, and Severus carefully helped her focus her mind on the presence, summoning a glass of water. "It's alright," he said softly. "You're alright. It's all over. I'm right here." "No," she said, pushing away the water. "No, it's not alright. I should've…. I shouldn't…." She felt like she was choking, like anxiety and guilt was squeezing her throat. "It wasn't your fault," he said sternly, but she shook her head, squeezing her eyes tightly. How long had Sirius been turned? Was that coffin, whichever one it was, his fault? Was Artemis? Was Mary? How long had he lied to them all, lied to her? She'd been so turned around in school, so distracted, that she hadn't considered properly the fullness of Mary's behavior, and then she was dead, and that was when everything changed. It was the beginning of Lydia's dependency on Sirius, the beginning of the war for them all. She didn't speak to Severus for the rest of the night, in spite of his coaxing and almost uncharacteristic kindness. He seemed exceedingly concerned about her, and even threatened to take her to the infirmary if she didn't drink something. She jerked the water from his hand at this and gulped it down sloppily before going back to ignoring him, trying to get the image of blood dripping off Mary's pale toes out of her mind. But the harder she tried to get rid of the image, the more firmly it seemed cemented in her consciousness. After a while, Severus seemed to give up. He did some of his grading, pretending not to be paying close attention to every move she made, every sigh, every motion, and Lydia was grateful that he didn't seem to want to confront her, not right away. She went to bed early, taking a potion for her growing headache with hopes that it would help her get to sleep before Severus came to bed so he wouldn't try to trap her into talking it over when she was trying to sleep. She could just see him trying that, as though it would solve anything. She did fall asleep, feeling her body go under quickly, into darkness. Standing in a street, a familiar street, crowded, she wondered where she was. Had she been on this street before? It looked straight, but her feet seemed to twist and turn as she walked down it, and she had a terrible sensation of something scurrying up her back. Lydia swatted at the sensation, but she touched only air. The night was dark, and yet so many people were out and about on the street. It was residential. Was this normal? Somewhere in London, perhaps? Her mouth felt dry. She knew this street, but it was wrong. She had never lived here. Had she been here? An explosion, and screams up the street. People scattering around her, rushing past her, but somehow not jostling her. Was she physically here, or was this a memory? For a brief moment she expected to feel Severus's consciousness reacting to the scene, but there was nothing when she reached out for him. Not a memory, she realized as explosions came closer. A nightmare. A nightmare she'd had before. The street both was and wasn't the street Artemis had lived on, a flat somewhere in the middle, probably near where Lydia was standing. It was wrong, distorted, and yet it was that street. Cackling. The almost unnatural cackling of Bellatrix Lestrange up the street as houses and flat buildings burned all around Lydia. She could feel the heat, but her skin was untouched. It licked out at her arms, but did not make contact as hooded and masked figures moved forward to attack the fleeing Muggles. Lydia's heart was pounding in her ears, her throat dry, her mouth like sandpaper. Was that the heat or the fear? Did it matter? One of the figures, laughing a deep, dark laugh, stopped in front of her, still masked. The height, the laugh, even the feel of this person was familiar, and she felt that scurrying feeling again, this time on her arm. Lydia brushed at it frantically, but nothing was there, and her eyes were glued to the brutal mask of the man before her. But as soon as nothing was felt on her arm, he removed his mask, and of course it was Sirius. It was always going to be Sirius. She opened her mouth to scream, but before the sound could come out he raised his wand and— Lydia woke, sitting up abruptly, inhaling a raspy gasp. She felt Severus shift slightly beside her in the bed, and she glanced over at her watch to find that it was two in the morning. A shiver ran down her spine and she curled her knees to her chest, hugging them and feeling her arms. She pressed her back to the headboard. She still had a horrible crawling sensation on her skin, like when one thinks there's a spider on one's arm, but even after finding there's nothing there they still feel that phantom spider. Between that crawling feeling and the nausea, Lydia felt a mess. Severus was still so calm beside her, and she looked down at his face as he slept, wondering if he knew when Sirius had turned. Was he complicit in Artemis's demise? She wanted to ask, but she was more afraid that he would tell her than that he wouldn't. Because what if it were true, the worst? What did that make her? Another shiver ran down her spine and she covered her mouth with the back of her hand to hold in another gasp. She didn't to wake Severus, not when she was like this. All she would do was worry him, and she didn't want to worry him. She didn't want to talk about it, about the war or death or Sirius. Because he wouldn't understand that it was absolutely her fault, whether Sirius turned in school or two days before Halloween of '81. Her guilt was never dependent on Sirius. Just like a sane person would have called the police after watcher her neighbor beat his wife senseless, Lydia knew she should have told someone that Mary was acting strange, crying alone in the bathroom, saying odd things. Perhaps under normal circumstances it would have meant little to the professors, who had incredible amounts of teenage hormones to contend with during the course of attempting to teach. She understood that now. But after what Mulciber had done to Mary all those years ago, surely Albus would have listened. Someone would have to have listened, and perhaps Mary would still be alive now. Lydia closed her eyes tightly, trying to hold in a sob. She gripped at her legs and tried to ignore the crawling feeling on her back. For about five minutes she managed to ignore it, but then she swiped out at it. Just as in the dream, nothing was there. Like a child afraid that something would grab her from the darkness, Lydia threw off her half of the covers, crossing into the bathroom on the balls of her feet in large, hasty strides like the floor was hot coals instead of cold stone. She lit the candles as soon as the door was closed, and she sat in the middle of the bathroom, looking around her at all the corners and crevices. She really did feel like a child again, with a primal tightness in her chest, and tears blurred her vision. If Severus walked in now, she didn't know what she would say. Perhaps she would tell him she had a nightmare, but she doubted she would tell him what about. He would guess it had to do with the memories, and it would be partly right. That was enough. She pressed her back to the cool stone wall to remind herself that nothing was on her skin. Nothing was going to hurt her except her own, crushing, paralyzing, suffocating guilt. And she supposed that this guilt would never really go away. Lydia closed her eyes and prayed for morning. A/N: *Coughs and clears throat* So. Yeah. Life sort of got the better of me. I'll try to be better, I promise. If you want to read regular updated work by me, though, check out Unknowns, which I've pre-written massive amounts and am updating at least once weekly. It'll be getting another update on Saturday. Review Prompt: Scale of one to ten, how much does this chapter make up for my long and unannounced absence? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to mega-reviewer Stellarly, whose review and reread streak forced me to take some time over my spring break to get back on this story. It was a happy force! :D Also, I've passed 1,000 reviews on this story. I'm flabbergasted. Thank you guys, a million times over. We've still got a LONG way to go. -C Lydia watched the candlelight flicker on the ceiling of Severus's quarters, watching it dance across the dark stone. She tried to think of anything but the feast, because celebrating Halloween just didn't seem right, even now. "Seven years," she whispered as Severus sat on the sofa, pulling her feet into his lap. "Some days it feels like so long ago, but so often it feels like it just happened." He said nothing, his cold hands gently massaging the bridges of her feet. Lydia closed her eyes, hoping he would see it as a gesture of relaxation and contentment. In truth, she was trying not to cry. She'd had another nightmare the night before, that same horrible crawling feeling attacking her as Dumbledore told her about the Potters, about Peter, about Sirius's betrayal. "Some days," she finally whispered, "I wish he'd killed me first, before he left the flat." His hands froze on her feet and she held her breath, waiting for his biting remark about how she wasn't allowed to say things like that. "If I had lost you," he finally said, "you on top of Lily…. I would have killed myself." Her eyes flew open and she sat up so quickly she pulled something in her back, but she ignored the pain. He was not looking at her, but at her feet. "Sev, I'm not that important." "It's not that," he said. "I mean, you are, but it's not that. What else did I have to live for, Lydia, if not making sure that you were alright?" She certainly hadn't been alright. She could remember with painful precision the fear in her chest as she went through life in a daze, those first months after she lost everything. "I wasn't," she whispered as he moved closer to her, letting her limp legs drape over his lap. "I know. Do you feel alright now?" He pressed his forehead to hers, cool and yet somewhat warmer than the air around them. The pressure of his head against hers was comforting, pleasant. "Sometimes," she said softly, feeling his breath mingle with hers. "Well, then," he said, touching her neck, "that's what matters. It was worth living. Still is." Lydia thought she should cry, a strange sadness developing in her chest, but she sighed and let him touch her cheek, not quite a caress, but soft and remarkably tender. She wasn't surprised when he kissed her and for a little while she decided that she could let go and just feel. This seemed to be what he was calling her to since he sat down, and it was doubtless better for her than moping. It took a moment to warm up to the kisses, but soon Lydia found her hand tracing his neck of its own accord as she pulled him in closer. The kisses were short, but dizzying and fast, and soon he was pushing her back on the sofa gently. Lydia let him climb atop her, his lips peppering her face. She let her teeth tease his lips until he growled slightly and let her suck on it. Her pulse was racing madly as his hands traced up her legs, caressing her skin as she tasted his breath. She looked up at his eyes and saw that they were hazy with desire. She was momentarily breathless, and when she pulled away from the kiss to try to catch her breath again, she found it stolen all over as Severus began kissing down her jaw, down her throat, to the little hollow at its base, by her collarbone. He hummed and nibbled gently at the skin. The clock chimed above their heads, and for a moment, Lydia frowned slightly, trying to determine what it meant. There was something important about the time, but it was so hard to think of it as Severus's hands slipped into her robes, massaging her breasts through her blouse. Lydia moaned, which only seemed to encourage him at the endeavor, and she jumped slightly at the sound of the clock again, pulling away from him. Severus growled with frustration, but she kissed his cheek and said, "We've somewhere to be." She couldn't remember where, and from the look of the way he blinked hazily, he couldn't either at first. Then he suddenly sat up and his eyes widened. "The feast," he hissed, pulling her to her feet, helping her straighten out her clothes and hair. He hesitated as she tried to fix her blouse, but then he fastened her robes reluctantly. "I would much rather stay here with you," he told her, touching her chin, "but I suppose we've got to make an appearance, haven't we?" Lydia sighed and nodded, checking her hair in a mirror before they hurried up to the Great Hall. Many of the students were yet to arrive, but several of the teachers were already sitting. Minerva greeted Lydia warmly, pressing her hand and motioning for her and Severus to have a seat in their usual spots, Severus between Minerva and Lydia, and Lydia between Severus and Priam. Priam was older, but not what Lydia would have called old, and he was still remarkably spritely. He always greeted Lydia with a kiss to the hand, but it wasn't in any way a romantic interest. Lydia got the sense that whatever his type was, it wasn't her. "Happy Halloween, Lydia," he said as students began to pour in. "You seem flushed. Are you unwell again?" "No, no, I'm fine," she said hastily – perhaps too hastily. "Fell asleep with too many blankets, I expect. I'll recover shortly." He didn't seem convinced, but he didn't have a knowing look, either, so Lydia wasn't too bothered. Professor Dumbledore had arranged a Jack-o-Lantern chorus (which Lydia found more than a little unsettling, given her childhood in the Muggle world), and the students marveled and delighted in the incredible spread, including the extra-large pudding spread. "You never did tell me about your late wife, Priam," Lydia said, trying to be friendly to this new Defense professor, deciding she wasn't going to live in fear of all the bizarre things that had happened already in her life. She was going to let Halloween be a day of new beginnings, because something had to be. "The first or the second?" he said with a wink, and Lydia laughed. "No, they were both lovely," he said sadly, looking out over the student body with a soft frown. "Young, thin, pale yellow hair like satin, and eyes as gray as the Scottish skies in autumn." Something about this description bothered Lydia, but she tried to hold a pleasant expression as she nodded him on. He told her about their youthfulness, brightness, stubbornness, childishness. No, she was certainly not his type, she realized with mild relief. He preferred headstrong young women with child's hearts. No strangeness this year. It didn't describe Lydia in the slightest, not at any point in her life. "What about you, my dear?" he said, pouring himself another glass of water. "No one special in your past or present?" Severus stiffened beside her, but this wasn't so unusual. Any mention of things that came too close to Sirius put his back up publically, especially on Halloween. Lydia pressed her napkin demurely to her lips to buy a moment to steady herself before looking out at the candles and remember that it was seven years in her past, a practically a lifetime ago. "Nothing too serious," she said when she put down her napkin, feeling Severus clench his fists under the table at her word choice. She regretted the word as soon as it left her lips. "Youthful romance, but never married. I doubt I ever will be." "Youthful romance," Priam said, smiling. "Nothing quite like it. The innocence of a young rose in first blush of infatuation, which grows to devotion." His eyes went slightly glassy, perhaps remembering some young romance of his own. Lydia, who was growing increasingly uncomfortable, decided to change the topic. "Priam, tell Severus what you were telling me about the latest developments with vaporized potions in defense." "Hmm? Oh, yes, of course." Lydia gave Severus an apologetic glance. In truth, she'd already expressed the theories to him in a much shorter version, but he seemed to understand why she'd done it, grasping at straws for anything that would change the topic. She looked out at the students, and waved at Bill Weasley when he waved up at her, smiling. "A handsome boy," Priam said, cutting off mid-sentence with Severus, obviously paying better attention to Lydia's behavior than his own stories. "I had nearly forgotten that attractive glow that youthfulness could add to someone. We grow so tired and diminished as we age." "Perhaps," Severus said silkily, "but I believe that many people are diminished by their experiences, not their age. Few people have more of a youthful glow than Albus Dumbledore." Lydia snorted into her hand, and she glanced over to see that Albus had heard, and had a twinkle in his eye at hearing. "Oh, yes, quite," Priam said dismissively. "The war has done a great deal to diminish us all. Perhaps it is something in the innocence…the untouched quality that children seem to have these days. Your generation never did seem to have it." With a small shiver, Lydia wiped her mouth quickly, said she was feeling a bit unwell after all, and left the table swiftly without a glance back at the concerned expression of Priam. She didn't have to look up to know that it was Severus who was following her, and she tried to smile mildly as they passed the rows of curious students. She knew she was making a scene and she felt a mild headache pounding just in the center of her forehead, but she kept walking calmly and determinedly out of the Great Hall. "You should have waited to follow me," she said stiffly as they went into the Entrance Hall. The students…" She trailed off at the top of the staircase down to the dungeons. Peering into the dimly lit stairwell for the briefest of moments she thought she'd seen a pale figure hanging from the rafters. A wave of nausea splashed over her and she teetered slightly where she stood, but as soon as she'd seen the figure, it was gone. "Lydia?" Severus said, grabbing her arm firmly. "Are you alright?" "I thought I saw…" Dizzy. She felt horribly dizzy. "Lydia." His voice was distorted, and she nearly lost her footing. Severus swept her up in his arms, and she didn't even think of whether anyone had seen him do this as he carried her down the steps steadily, down to his quarters where he tucked her into bed, kissed her forehead, and told her he'd be back later with tea and something to help her sleep, which he intended her to take. He didn't ask what was wrong. There was no point asking on Halloween. She saw ghosts that weren't ghosts everywhere, even on the good years. This was not a good year. When Severus left the room Lydia curled her knees to her chin and shivered. She really couldn't explain what had bothered her so much about what Priam had said, but perhaps it was how frayed her nerves had been lately, what with the regular nightmares she seemed to be having. Perhaps it was that compounded with it being a bad year for Halloween that had caused her violent reaction to what was probably nothing. She couldn't even remember what he'd said. Lydia closed her eyes, but every time she did she saw Mary again, and she opened them, staring at the ceiling. She thought for a moment that she'd imagined the knocking sound, but then she heard it again, and she slowly pulled herself out of bed to investigate. No doubt it wasn't Severus, and she had no excuse for answering the door to his quarters while he was somewhere else, but she would think of something if she had to. Unsurprisingly, Dumbledore was there, smiling at her, sweeping into the room as she opened the door for him. "I saw Severus go to brew something and I thought it would be the best time to give this to you. It was delivered earlier, but I figured you would want to open it without Severus around." A trembling hand she vaguely recognized as her own lifted and she took a letter that was very clearly written by Remus, based on the address. She murmured what she thought were probably thanks and she tucked it into her pocket, looking up at Albus, feeling tired. "Priam didn't mean to upset you, Lydia," he said gently. "He doesn't always think before he speaks. He's really a very kind and loving man." "It's really fine," she lied. "I wasn't…. I'm just not sleeping terribly well, Albus. Severus is making something for me. Give my apologies to Priam." "Of course my dear. I understand. Sleep well." Lydia nodded, watching him close the door behind himself and thinking how he couldn't possibly understand. She took the letter into the bedroom and opened it carefully, knowing she wouldn't necessarily have long to read it. Lydia, I told myself I wasn't going to burden you with a letter on Halloween this year, but I needed to. Forgive me. It shouldn't always be about what I need, should it, but I can't seem to help myself. Between the memories and the firewhiskey, I always seem to put quill to paper and write to you. How are you? I certainly hope you're doing better than I am right now. Lydia, I'll likely deny everything I write tonight, but there are things I need to get off my chest. I failed you, all those years ago. I mean, I keep failing you. And you could never hate me for that more than I hate myself. I keep telling myself that if I hadn't been so cruel in my desperate attempts to keep you safe, maybe you would never have been with Sirius. It probably was never down to me. I know just how persuasive and relentless he could be when he wanted you. I shouldn't write this. God, but I shouldn't write this. There are nights, Lydia, when I've had too much, when the moon is too close, nights like tonight. And I can hardly think of anything but how much I wanted to kill him when I saw him touching your naked body. We were just children, but if I had killed him then, maybe you wouldn't have suffered so much, maybe everyone would still be alive, even if we wouldn't be together. But I never could have done it, because when it comes down to it I suppose I'm a coward, aren't I? My fears were always…. Lydia, do you remember that day in third year when you broke your wrist at Hogsmeade and our friends goaded me into walking you all the way back to the infirmary? This is going to sound stupid and pathetic, and it probably is, but I think that was the happiest day of my life. I mean, it hurt that you were in pain and crying, but you looked so lovely and I got to be alone with you without feeling like I needed to be anything but myself. We were happy then, weren't we? Innocent, I guess. Nobody had died yet. No one had betrayed anyone. Lily and James were still infuriating and frustrating each other. And I could allow myself to love you just a little bit because we were children and I couldn't be close enough to do any real damage. That's all any of us ever did, wasn't it? You were already damaged and we just kept hurting you. We never meant to hurt you, Lydia, none of us except maybe…. I only ever wanted you to be happy, even when I couldn't be. Now I'm afraid I may have ruined you before I ever really kissed you. I can feel the dizziness coming. I'll likely sleep soon, or something like it. You'd be better off burning this letter than reading it, but here I am, sending it anyway. Forgive me, Lydia. If nothing else, know that I never meant to hurt you. I never mean to…. Just forgive me. Please. -R Lydia's hands were shaking and she could barely read the words as she got to the final letters through her blurred vision. She couldn't decide what to do with this letter she never wanted to read again, but then she heard the outer door of Severus's quarters open, and she knew he was back. Without thinking, she closed herself up in the bathroom, fumbling for the tampon box that held his letters, stuffing it in unceremoniously, and then placing the box carefully at the back. She flushed the toilet for good measure when she heard Severus say her name, with concern. "I'll be right out," she said, washing her hands, just in case. Severus checked her vital signs almost as soon as she opened the door, and she brushed him off, brushed off his concern wearily. "What's wrong?" he asked as she rubbed at her teary eyes. "Lydia, what is it?" "I'm just tired, Sev," she said, not exactly a lie. "I think all I need is proper sleep. I feel like I haven't slept right in months." Maybe she hadn't. He should have been suspicious when she didn't argue with the potion he pushed into her hands, that she drank it without complaint and handed the vial back docilely, but he seemed too concerned with the immediate wellness of her that he didn't notice. Instead, he tucked her into bed and kissed her gently as her eyelids fluttered closed. He said something, but her mind couldn't separate the sounds out into words before she fell into a perfectly dreamless sleep. A/N: I had some fun writing that letter. :D Kind of therapeutic for me, giving you more of what's going on in Remus's head. Staying so close to Lydia all the time can be exhausting. Review Prompt: Thoughts on our new Priam? -C
A/N: This chapter, as well, is dedicated to Stellarly, whose many reviews have been excellent reading and thinking material to keep me company for some time now. Cheers, love. -C Lydia pulled her cloak more tightly about her as she walked through the cool streets of Hogsmeade, to the familiar end-point of the Three Broomsticks. She'd told Severus she was going out, and he knew why and where, but he said nothing about it. He'd been a bit sullen, but she would find a way to cheer him up later, when it was in the past and they could just look forward. It was easier to cheer him up looking forward. Rosmerta smiled as Lydia entered, and she started pouring firewhiskey for Remus without Lydia even ordering. "Cold day," Rosmerta said, her earrings jingling as the pieces of them clanked against each other. "What'll you have, dear?" "Could I just get some butterbeer today?" Lydia asked. She'd had this terrible feeling of late, and she was convinced alcohol could only add to it, like something or someone was watching her. The only drinks she was having lately were the occasional glass of wine when she was alone with Severus, and even then she didn't feel totally secure. If Rosmerta thought this strange, she said nothing. Instead, she poured the butterbeer and told Lydia she'd bring out their usual when Remus arrived. Sitting down at a table in the back, Lydia wondered why she'd never come here with Severus. In school, of course, it wouldn't have been appropriate. Their friends would have probably had a brawl in the middle of the pub if they'd tried a thing like that, but now that they were adults, now that they were teachers…. They always stayed in. As Lydia wondered what that would even be like, going to the pub with Severus, Remus entered and nodded to Rosmerta before crossing to Lydia and sitting down across from her with a pale smile. "Lydia," he said, thanking her with a nod as she pushed his firewhiskey across to him. "I must say, you look well." Either it was a lie or he was distracted, because Lydia knew that she did not look well. Her increasing lack of sleep was beginning to wear on her, but she murmured thanks and said nothing further on the matter. "So," he said, as they waited for their food, "tell me about your students." The time passed pleasantly. Remus loved to hear about her students and classes, which made Lydia feel a little bittersweet, because he so badly wanted to be a teacher. But she did enjoy bragging about her better students, including the Weasley brothers. "It'll be strange when Bill leaves this year," she said, frowning slightly. "He's become something of a fixture in my life. I think he wants to be a Curse-breaker, though, so at least he'll go on to use my class." "And the younger one?" Remus asked, rubbing his temple as he tried to recall the name. "Charlie?" Lydia smiled and nodded as she chewed the last bites of her sandwich. When she swallowed, she wiped her mouth as discretely as possible and then said, "No, he's already told me his passion is Care of Magical Creatures." When Remus tensed, she added quickly, "He's had a lifelong fascination for dragons, actually. Wants to try to get a job in a colony, of all things. I can't imagine his mother will like that." "I shouldn't think so, no," Remus said, rubbing his chin. "I didn't know her well, but Molly Weasley and I were acquainted. Very protective sort. That two of her sons would be on the continent at best…. I don't think there are any Curse-breaker jobs here, anyway." "Not at the moment, I don't think," Lydia said, watching him cut into his rare steak. "You'd think parents would support their children's choices, though," she said, almost weakly. She wasn't sure what her parents would have made of her choices, but she supposed that hardly mattered. The friends she'd had with good parents, they were supported in everything they did. Even Remus's parents, the little she knew of them, they were supportive of everything he endeavored. "She's supportive, I guess," he said, shrugging. "Losing her brothers was hard for her in the war." Lydia recalled the Prewetts, recalled their funeral, and she nodded, feeling slightly sick. They finished their lunch in companionable and basic conversation, avoiding any talk of the war, not mentioning Remus's letter or how Halloween had impacted them all year. Remus finished his firewhiskey, and he walked her to the gates in spite of the cold and damp. She almost invited him up to the castle, but somehow it didn't seem the right day for it. Instead, she decided to keep things friendly, keep them light, and let them develop with time. If there was anything she'd learned from her years of back and forth with him, it was that she had to be sensible of how easily she could move too fast. "I suppose you've got things to do," she said, smiling and shrugging. "Take care, Remus. I'll write." "I'll write," he said, smiling back. "I expect you've got lots to be getting on with. We should do this again soon. I don't see you enough." Yes, he must be in a good mood, she decided. Things were going well, even if he hadn't discussed them. She walked back to the castle feeling as though the wind was merely swirling about her but never touching her, and Severus said nothing about her time away from him. She couldn't help but think that things might be moving in the right direction, if only in increments. She did some grading, and she wondered what she should get Remus for Christmas. As much as she told herself she was thinking in slow steps, however, Lydia could already feel her emotions leaning toward the future, leaning toward what came next, how to move her steps forward to a life with Remus. True to his word, Remus did write, and it didn't take him very long at all. This, of course, only served to encourage Lydia's excitement even more, and she waited until Severus was doing some remedial work with a couple of Hufflepuff students to open it, alone, in their bedroom (but not in their bed, because that seemed like a step too far somehow). Lydia, I had a lovely time last week. It was good to see you, to spend some time with you. I don't suppose you're available next weekend? I've got some spaces in my schedule then, although it would have to be that awkward time between lunch and dinner. If that works for you, then perhaps we could arrange something. I've been thinking about what you said about Priam Carman and the name seems so familiar to me, but I can't think why. Perhaps he's published something I've read? I'll think on it. I'm certain there's something about him I didn't agree with, but I really don't recall what it is, and it was so long ago. Hoping you're well. Something's going around in my building, and it reminds me how easy it is for illness to spread in enclosed places, like Hogwarts. Take care of yourself. -Remus She responded that she'd be available at any time to meet up, and then she hid the letter away. As much to avoid feeling uncomfortable about the letter around Severus as anything else, she left a note that she was going to be working in her office for a couple of hours and she went to make herself available to students. She told herself it was being a good teacher, but deep down, she knew she was avoiding the awkwardness of setting dates with Remus while she was living with Severus. A very welcome distraction came when Miss Tonks came in – although she usually just went by Tonks – and sat down, muttering a word of greeting and pulling out her notes. Something disturbed Lydia about Tonks's appearance, although for a moment she really wasn't sure what it was. And then she realized that it was the girls' hair, which was usually some outrageous color. She had it a kind of sandy color, very nearly blonde, which couldn't possibly be her natural color. Apart from Narcissa, Lydia was certain everyone in the Black family was a brunette. Perhaps it was nothing, but it just felt so wrong to Lydia, and the girl looked so washed out. It almost made her look younger. "How are you, Tonks?" she asked, smiling in spite of how uncomfortable she felt. "Hmm?" Tonks said, blinking at Lydia as though just seeing her for the first time since she entered. "Oh, I'm fine, Professor. I…I saw you come in and I thought I'd drop in and ask you about a few things. O.W.L.s are important, Charlie keeps telling me." "He's not wrong," Lydia said, smiling. "What's giving you the trouble, then?" They worked through some of her misunderstandings, and did some practiced problems, but whatever Tonks said about being fine, it was increasingly clear to Lydia that something was troubling the girl. She was distracted, distant, and almost nervous. Lydia thought about pressing her, but, remembering how sensitive she and her friends had been at that age she simply vowed to observe and perhaps ask Severus if he was also noticing a problem with Tonks. He happened to quite like her, although he'd never admit it, and if something was wrong he would almost certainly have noticed. When Tonks left, Lydia decided she'd been working long enough, and she went back to their quarters. Severus was reading by the fireplace, and he didn't look up as she entered. "I didn't expect you back so soon," he said mildly as she put her bag aside and slipped onto the sofa beside him, letting his arm wrap around her waist. "Lydia, what's wrong?" "Does something seem wrong with Nymphadora Tonks to you?" she asked nervously. He frowned, looking up at her. "She's been wearing her hair different," he said, "and perhaps she has been a bit subdued, but I assume that it's some sort of teenage stage. They do have these stages, you know, particularly the girls." Lydia hummed and decided that perhaps he was right, perhaps it was nothing to be concerned with. Still, she would pay close attention to Tonks's behavior, just in case. The world might be a different, more peaceful place now, but Lydia knew people could still be hurt in peacetime. And she couldn't get out of her head the behavior of Mary from fifth year on, how increasingly troubling it became, until Lydia was affronted with blood dripping from Mary's pale toes in the middle of the stairwell. She must have tensed, because Severus asked if she was cold. She was, so she let him believe that was the cause of her shiver, and let him wrap her up in a blanket. He pressed a kiss to her forehead and she closed her eyes, leaning into him. Not for the first time, she wanted to ask Lily what to do. Lily would have known what to think of Tonks's behavior. Lily always knew just what to think, always had a solution. The only mistake Lily ever made was trusting Sirius, and they'd all done that. "Sev?" "Mmm." "Thank you." "What for?" Lydia raised an arm to rest it on his far shoulder, pressing her face to his neck. "For letting me talk at you about things, even when you really don't care about them. It's nice to have an outlet like that." She didn't let herself think of a time when she could talk at Severus even about Remus, and he would listen with annoyance, but not anger. She couldn't expect miracles. As arranged, Lydia met with Remus the following weekend, and Severus knew where she was going. They decided to meet outside of town, go for a walk instead of getting a bite to eat. Remus suggested it when he pointed out that Rosmerta didn't even ask for their order anymore, and that maybe they were in a tiny bit of a rut. Lydia could have laughed at that, but it would have hurt too much, so she simply agreed, and they walked together in the cool evening air. Remus wasn't in his best mood, she determined quickly, but it wasn't his worst by any stretch. His shoulders were tense, but his face seemed a bit relaxed. Lydia sat down with him on some dry rocks toward the foothills and said, "Have you thought of what it was that bothered you about Priam Carman?" Remus shook his head and said, "No, no I couldn't think of it. It might come to me, but there wasn't anything that has yet. Why, is everything alright?" He tensed slightly. "He's not hurt you, has he?" "What?" Lydia asked, puzzled. "Oh, no, no. Nothing to do with me. Just…he's a bit odd. D'you remember Andromeda?" His eyes darkened and he nodded that he did. She unloaded her concerns about Tonks's behavior, but she realized as she finished her observations that he didn't seem to be listening. Her stomach turned as she realized that for some reason, he was quite upset. She didn't think she'd done or said anything so bad, but when she asked him what was wrong he abruptly got to his feet and crossed to a nearby tree, leaning against it, almost brooding. "Remus?" Lydia stood, wanting to reach out and touch his shoulder, but he gave her a glare that stopped her in her tracks. "I…I was doing well, Lydia," he said bitterly. "I told myself that I wasn't going to…." He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "Sometimes when I'm with you I remember, without even trying." "Remember what?" "Sirius touching you." Lydia had a brief and violent urge to vomit, but she swallowed it back. Remus curled his hands into fists and punched the tree rapidly. "I usually do pretty well," he said, before inhaling a sharp breath through his nose. "Damn it, Lydia, there are things a man doesn't want to know." "What are you talking about?" she asked, nervous. She hadn't mentioned Sirius, and drawing this out from mentioning his cousin's child seemed a bit of a stretch. "Dumbledore told me…." He punched the tree again. "He told me that you and Snivellus…." He let out an almost terrifying growl and punched the tree again, and she took a stumbling step back. Her heart was pounding in her ears. She wanted to throttle Dumbledore. Who did he think he was, doing this to her, to them? It only just registered in her consciousness that Remus called him by the cruel nickname Sirius had devised when they were children. "Severus." "What?" "His name is Severus," she said tightly, feeling the cold bitterly in this moment. Remus seemed completely insensitive to her concerns. Instead, he looked at her with flared nostrils like he wanted to attack her, either with kisses or his fists, and both things terrified Lydia in that moment. She couldn't understand why Dumbledore would do this. Was he trying to force her and Severus out into the open? Was he trying to spark Remus to stop taking her for granted? Was he trying to make Lydia choose? She wasn't going to play his game, no matter what the end goal. "You pushed me to Sirius," she said coolly. "No, Remus, don't speak. You practically threw me into his arms in school, and you never gave me anything to hold on to thereafter, so forgive me if I have a hard time pitying you for that mess now. It was my life, Remus. Mine. I…I was the one who lived with him every day, while you were off fighting. I never had an escape from those choices. "And what I do with Severus is hardly your business, is it? Because you've made it perfectly clear that nothing has changed between you and me, and it never will, and damn it Remus I don't have to explain myself to you!" She was screaming, she realized, and his eyes had gone wide, but she didn't care. She just continued, "I have one thing that I know will be there no matter what bloody part of your cycle you're at, no matter if you're working or you're not, and all I want is the right to enjoy that one thing! He knows about you, you know." Remus frowned, but his cheeks flushed slightly. What was he thinking of? The kisses? The fights? The embarrassment he felt at his life's instability? Lydia really couldn't be bothered to care what came to mind, because she was too furious to even continue the conversation. "Talk to me when you feel ready to be civil," she said coldly. "I'm not fighting with you over choices you abdicated all say in. And if you want to go gossip with Dumbledore about it, be my fucking guest." She turned on her heel and marched away, ignoring when he called out her name. Three times, he screamed after her, but she just kept walking, determined, toward the castle, although a part of her felt terrible for doing that to him, the way he'd done to her before. Could she really just leave him on a note like that? Apparently she could, because she made it all the way back to Severus's quarters, where he was reading a student essay. He looked up and opened his mouth like he was about to say something, but it seemed to die on is lips, and he just frowned without closing his mouth. "I'm going to kill Albus," she said with a surprisingly calm voice. "Oh?" he said, standing when she gestured for him to cross to her. He hesitated before he followed her into their bedroom. "What exactly has he done this time?" His jaw twitched as she pulled off her cloak and robes, and his eyes widened just a flicker as she practically ripped open her own blouse. "I'll tell you later," she said. He made no further arguments as she put her cold hands to his neck and face, pulling him into a flurry of hungry kisses as his hands found her breasts. A/N: Stick around after the review prompt for an important announcement! Review Prompt: How would you deal with Albus's meddling, and what do you think his end goal is? NEWS: So, my dear friend MissRoseAlanaHorton and I have some exciting new goodies in store for you guys! Essentially, it's a loyalty system based on this story, my story Unknowns, and her story, The Dark Lord's Rose. If you've not read all of these stories, they're a real treat, I promise. The other two a bit shorter than this one (lols), so you've got a little backlog to get caught up on. Unknowns is a Sirius/OC mystery/thriller set in the first war, and I'm writing the sequel now. It updates every week, and is quite AU. TDLR is a dark romance Riddle/OC that starts while he's at school and BIG STUFF IS GOING DOWN and I can personally recommend it wholeheartedly. So here's how it works. Every time you review ANY of these three stories, you get a "stamp" on your stamp card. Like at frozen yoghurt places. Twenty stamps, you get a special prize: a spoiler for the story of your choice, and an entry into our quarterly prize drawings (always on the solstice). Quarterly drawings will be things like characters named for you, coupons for free access to any original works we've got, or a free one-shot written just for you by either of us! Full list will be given before our first drawing. More incentive to read all three stories? (As if you need more incentive, but here you go.) We will sometimes be running special weeks – first one THIS WEEK where if you review all three stories before the following Friday at 11:59 PM PST, you'll get FOUR stamps for your three reviews. So, just for how that's relevant to you right now: All of these stories are being updated this weekend. Review all three stories by Friday, April 15th, 2016 at 11:59 PM PST and you'll get FOUR stamps to your loyalty stampcard! If you've got catching up to do, those reviews count as well! Cheers, and if you've got any questions about this, feel free to drop me a PM! -C
A/N: Yup, here we go she's on a roll! This one's also dedicated to dear reviewer, Stellarly! Hope you enjoy! -C Lydia did not kill Albus Dumbledore. The thought had been so compelling, but Severus told her calmly that it was frowned upon, and that he wouldn't learn anything from it. She thought about retorting that he'd killed people, but she supposed it wasn't the kind of thing to make light about, and the people he had killed were…. No, best not think about it. In fact, apart from several glares at Albus to ensure that he knew she knew what he'd done, she opted to simply keep this in her back pocket for use at a later date. No doubt, with Albus, there was always be something more critical than the current breech. She supposed there were probably worse things he could have done. Christmas was a nice break, Lydia thought, and most of the morning was spent very typically, although she was surprised to see that Tonks had stayed for the break. She had been planning to go home, Lydia had understood, but something must have come up for her parents. It was a pity, but it did happen to a student every couple of years or so. Severus and Lydia had opened all their gifts, and there hadn't been anything from Remus. Lydia wasn't sure if she was upset or disappointed, but she knew it was somewhere in that range. Even if Remus thought that her sleeping with Severus was a deal-breaker (as Sirius certainly would have done), she had always thought he would want to be her friend. She fully planned to let him make the first move, maybe even grovel, because writing him first seemed a little bit too much like saying she was wrong to walk away like she had. But she'd sent him a gift and a short note. It only seemed right. After the brunch, Lydia found that an elf had delivered a small parcel, a gift that had arrived late, it would seem, and she found she wasn't surprised at all to see Remus's handwriting on the package and the note attached. Severus made a noise of disgust, but he picked up a book and retreated back out to the sofa to let her open it in peace, which she thought was rather big of him. Lydia sat on the floor and tried to decide whether to open the package or the note first. Eventually she opted for the note. Lydia, I'm sorry it's taken this long for me to write to you. You were absolutely right to be upset with me. I behaved awfully to you last month, and I can understand if you think we need more space. We probably do. As painful as it is, if you're happy with Severus, you should be with Severus. I just want you to be happy Lydia. If you love him, if he loves you, then I want you to be happy. That's it. Truth is, my pride was a bit hurt. I was used to Sirius getting what he wanted – what I wanted. But Severus Snape…. It makes sense, in a way, and I don't know why I didn't see it before. But even though I know he's been your friend for a very long time, Lydia, to me I think he'll probably always be a Death Eater. Doesn't that seem…. Never mind. I'm sure you've thought of it before and you'd only tell me it's different. Maybe it is. I don't know. But I don't want to fight with you over it if you're happy. Just take care of yourself. Because one thing they certainly have in common, always had in common, is that they're both very dangerous men. And you could tell me Severus would never hurt you, but I never thought Sirius could do the things he did, either, and – Happy Christmas, Lydia. -Remus She sucked in a breath and crinkled the letter without thinking about what she was doing. Did she want to keep it? She really didn't think so. It raised too many questions, too many fights, that she didn't want to be reminded of. Love. To avoid the word, she opened the package and smiled to find a box with some tea and some chocolate. Exactly what Remus would get when he didn't know what to get. She smelled the tea fondly, thinking of how Remus was always so sweet and thoughtful. Love. She frowned slightly, closing the box and setting it with the other foodstuffs gifts. He was right, it wasn't the same at all. Severus wasn't Sirius. He'd never lied to her, never hidden anything important from her. She knew the things he'd done, even when she didn't want to know, and he would never have killed on purpose anyone who mattered to her. Not even Sirius or James, although she was sure he'd been tempted. Dangerous, though. Of course he was dangerous. She knew just how dangerous he was, knew what he was capable of. Love. The word made her slightly nauseous. She wasn't terribly certain she wanted to love. Sirius's supposed love for her had crushed her for years before he took everything from her, and her love for Remus dragged her through a seemingly endless stream of rejections. No, the thing that made her happiest with Severus was that they did not have such weighty words attached to them. She decided not to reply, as she had already sent a gift, and she tore and tossed the note, mostly to keep Severus from reading it and…reacting however he would react. Lydia really wasn't sure except she knew that it would be negative. Sometimes being caught between these two was just exhausting. Or maybe that was her lack of quality sleep talking. Lydia went out to read with Severus by the fire and said nothing of the gift. Severus looked at her thoughtfully, but he didn't ask her anything, and she was glad of that. She didn't want to ruin Christmas. If they were going to fight, she supposed it could wait until Boxing Day. Her errands waited for Boxing Day as well. She took the opportunity while Severus was doing some complicated preparations and brewing to drop into the village and do some of their shopping. Between the two of them, they were dangerously low on ink and quills, and she could use a new journal for her random thoughts. He gave her enough to cover his portion of the quills and ink (roughly, since they usually just shared them and it wasn't always evenly) and a kiss, and she went out into the snow to shop while students were away. The shopkeepers at Hogsmeade all knew Lydia well, some of them from her days as a student, many of them just from her time as a teacher. She tried to shop as little as possible, but Hogsmeade wasn't London with its sea of faces. Only so many of-age people did regular shopping in the village, and of the ones who were not residents, many were teachers. "Journals?" the shopkeeper said after she'd selected her quills and ink. "Let me see…. This one, Miss Rowe? Nice thick pages, just as you like." Lydia hummed, feeling the pages, imagining how ink would dry on this particular parchment. It was a bit too waxy for her liking. She preferred her pages dry, fibrous, with enough friction to resist her quills. It suited her handwriting better and seemed to bleed less readily. "Don't really fancy the texture," she said, handing it back. "Or the color, come to that." He smiled and tapped the side of his nose as though he'd just had an idea. As he was considering his stock, the door opened and she turned to see Remus standing there, eyes wide as he caught sight of her, teetering awkwardly in the doorway. "I'll be right with you, sir," the shopkeeper said cheerfully, and Remus just cleared his throat awkwardly, nodding. "Hello, Remus," Lydia said softly, waiting for the shopkeeper to decide on a journal. "Lydia," he said, his voice tight as his shoulders. "Ah, here we are, Miss Rowe," the shopkeeper said. "A rougher texture. Apologies." Had she just seen Remus's nostrils quiver, or had she imagined it? Lydia took the journal and felt the pages, flipping through them to get a sense of their weight and pliability. She entertained the idea of asking Remus for a drink, but she found that the tense stiffness between them was probably too much to bridge at the moment with a drink. "Perfect," she said, still looking at Remus. "Much better color, too." The shopkeeper laughed reedily, through his nose, ending in a kind of whistling sound. She tried not to laugh. "I'll take it, then." She paid for the quills, ink, and journal, and saw the way Remus scratched the side of his face when the shopkeeper announced the total. No doubt it was an awful lot of money to him. He couldn't afford to waste his scarce resources on the quality of supplies she and Severus used. But she couldn't just leave, she realized after paying, without speaking to him, properly speaking to him, so she gave him a smile and said, "How are you, Remus?" "Well enough," he said, although his eyes told her something was wrong. She didn't expect him to say. No doubt it had to do with her. "How's Sn-Snape?" She felt a brief and quiet rage in her chest at the realization of what he'd been about to say. For the smallest of moments she wanted to strike him, her hand even twitching slightly, but she could see so clearly in her mind's eye a flash of memory, of Tobias Snape bashing his wife's head, and she felt a dizzying nausea. "He's well. Have a lovely day, Remus," she said tersely. He gave her some patent words of parting, but Lydia didn't listen. She took her shopping and trudged back up to the castle, feeling the cool air sting her eyes. That was all. Not tears. Just the air drying out her eyes and causing them to water painfully. She understood Remus's anger, she really did. As much as she wanted to tell herself there was nothing justified in it, when she thought back to school and the times she thought he'd kissed other people she could recall how easily it had ruined her. They'd never been together, and yet they'd always taken it for granted that they loved each other, that they only wanted to be with each other, and here Remus was thinking she was in love with Severus and never mentioned anything about it. She supposed she'd have been angry, too. Eventually, when she'd calmed, she would explain things to him, properly. With time, maybe they could build back up to where they were, wherever that was. For the time being, though, she fought the urge to gouge out Albus's knowing blue eyes. She thought about marching into his office and demanding an explanation, but she doubted he would give an honest one, and she didn't really feel like it was quite her, the marching or the demanding. Instead, she trudged down to Severus's quarters, unloaded the shopping, and putting the journal in her bag, swapping it out for the mostly full one that she went to put on the bedside table. When she opened the door to the bedroom, however, she was surprised to find Severus standing there, his back to her, the sheets pulled off the bed unceremoniously and haphazardly, the candelabra that was usually on Severus's side of the bed on the floor, bent, with the candle crumbled from breaking on the stone floor. The glass from what she assumed was several vials and the glass she'd left on her bedside from last night's water was shattered against the far wall, and he was balling something in his fist, his shoulders rising and falling with anger. "Sev?" she said cautiously. He turned to look at her, and his eyes widened as he realized she was there. He must not have heard her enter. "What happened?" she asked, not sure she wanted to know what made him so upset. He so rarely lost his temper like this. He cleared his throat and said, "You…received a letter…while you were out." She glanced down at the balled fist and realized it had to be from Remus, else he wouldn't be like this. He must have written her a note and it beat her back to the school. The only way Severus would be so upset with it, of course, was if he'd already read it. That was frustrating, but she supposed she could understand his curiosity. "I see," she said, holding out her hand for the letter. But he opened his hand and out came only the charred remains of what had probably quite recently been parchment. "You wouldn't want to read it," he said darkly, his nostrils flared sharply. "It was…. You're better off not reading it." Now she was seriously frustrated with these two men. Her life, her choices, her bloody mail. She took a step back and felt her whole body go cold as she looked at the mess he'd made of the room. "You're cleaning that," she said darkly. "I'm not helping. I'll be in my office." "Lydia." "No!" she said, her heart pounding in her ears. "No, Severus. That was my letter, whatever it said, and you didn't have a right to read it, much less bloody burn it! I don't care what it said. There was no need for all of this!" She could see from his anger what must have been said, and before Severus could argue that it was justified, she cut him off. "He called you Snivellus again, didn't he?" His jaw twitched and she shook her head, now feeling more anger at Severus about it than she had at Remus earlier. "Sev, it's just a word. We're not children anymore." She turned to go and he said, in a very low and dangerous voice, "Slut." She froze, feeling her stomach churn and her spine tingle. Lydia slowly turned to face him again, telling herself not to cry, not to scream. "Hussy," he said, calmly, in that same tone. Lydia felt her fingers twitch. She wanted to hit him. She wanted so badly to hit him. He took a step forward and said, "Whore." Her arm leapt up mostly of its own accord, but he caught her by the wrist before she could strike him. "Just a word, Lydia," he said coldly. "Not the same," she hissed. "Isn't it? Perhaps you don't know your precious wolf as well as you thought." "He didn't call me that," Lydia said firmly, feeling her whole body hot with anger. Severus said nothing, his dark eyes glittering. He was so dangerous when he looked like this, and then she remembered the letter at Christmas. Dangerous. Like Sirius. He seemed to squeeze her wrist, or perhaps that was because she tried to break free of his hold that his hold seemed tighter. "He didn't call me that!" she said desperately, almost screaming at him. "I know he didn't!" Severus's cold expression faltered slightly and he finally said, "He insinuated it." Finally, she pulled her arm from his grip with a cold, empty laugh and she said, "Did he, Severus? Or did it just seem that way to you because you hate him so much?" Severus's nostrils flared again and he said, "Of course I hate him. Of course I fucking hate him! He tried to kill me!" "SIRIUS TRIED TO KILL YOU!" she shrieked, pushing out at his chest, her vision blanking out as she screamed out those words. She seemed to be in another time and place, and she felt as though she'd been thrown in a cold bath. She collapsed to the floor, shivering. Severus caught her, lowering her carefully to the floor so she didn't hurt herself, but she slapped his hands away and hissed, "Don't touch me." He recoiled almost immediately. Lydia took deep, shaky breaths through her nose. "Is this about your pride?" she finally choked out. "Is this about the fact that I've slept with Sirius? About the fact that I'm still in love with Remus?" Severus didn't answer, but she didn't take that as confirmation. Instead, she closed her eyes and balled her hands into fists, feeling her knuckles scrape the stone floor. "Tell me you don't dream about her," she whispered. "Tell me that if she were alive you wouldn't be doing the exact same thing." "She's not." "IT DOESN'T MATTER!" she cried, feeling the air go out of her lungs for a moment. She inhaled a sharp, ragged breath to try to center herself. "Damn it, Sev, it doesn't matter. I spent my whole life trying to measure up to Lily's impossible standards, and now that she's gone she's still that unreachable bar that I can't…" She rubbed the heels of her hands into her eyes to try to stop crying. "I can't spend the rest of my life as a placeholder for memory, Severus." She started when he sat down beside her on the floor and pulled her hands from her eyes. He wiped the apples of her cheeks swiftly with his thumbs and said, "You're not a placeholder, Lydia." Lydia rested her hands on his wrists as he touched her face and she shook her head slightly. "You say that," she whispered, "but I could tell you a thousand times that you're not some kind of replacement for Sirius, or a placeholder for Remus, but it wouldn't change the way you feel, would it?" He didn't have to answer her. That he couldn't meet her eyes said everything she needed to know. It took a remarkable amount of strength, but she pulled herself to her feet, wiped her face as best she could, and scooped up her bag. She left without a word, and without looking back, and unlike Remus, Severus didn't say a word to try to stop her. A/N: I had so much fun writing this chapter. Just gonna say. Reminder: Don't forget about the stampcard system for reviews! It's on the last chapter's A/N and on my profile if you've no clue what I'm talking about. A few of you have earned stamps already! Review Prompt: Some of you have expressed that there is some immaturity on Lydia's part in her dealings with both men. I would say that's partially fair. War and life have stunted her a bit. Here's your prompt – what would you say her current emotional age is? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new-ish reader/reviewer gr8rockstarrox, who hasn't read this far yet, but upon arriving will hopefully be pleased! :D Also, thanks to Liz Merryfeather and Stellarly, whose input inspired this particular Occlumency session. -C They hadn't made up yet, strictly speaking. Both had agreed they were going to go ahead with her Occlumency lesson as planned and just deal with what happened from there. She wasn't exactly at ease with the idea, but she didn't want to back down now. Severus was breathing, then breathing out heavily, then breathing in again, expelling it forcefully. "Right," he said. "Ready?" At least he's still asking. "Sure." He gave her a skeptical look, but he did ready his wand, regardless. "Legilimens." She was sinking through a cold day, or was it night? It was dark, so dark and cold. She was teetering on the edge of something, desperate to pull something closer. What was it? Remus pushed her away. He was saying words, words that didn't matter because they were the wrong words, and he wouldn't let her kiss him. Lydia realized with a stab of pain and latent desire that this was when she tried to seduce him. How long ago had it been? She wasn't sure anymore, but it felt like a lifetime away. A rush of anger, a rush of shame, a rush of pain, and she couldn't tell which were hers or Severus's, or when they happened. Suddenly she was in her quarters. Her hands were numb but she could still feel that shame, that anger, that pain. Maybe they were all hers. Maybe they were still all hers. She was angry, so angry. She threw a bottle at the wall, glass everywhere. Lydia felt the scene melting and shifting around her to Severus in their wrecked bedroom, this just a week ago, Boxing Day. She could feel her anger, her lingering frustration with Remus, and she could feel her confusion and fear from that moment of first seeing. She could feel Severus's burst of anger and frustration at seeing the memory, and she didn't want to see this, didn't want to have this fight all over again, while the wounds were still so fresh. Lydia focused her mind on the sheets, on the color of them, the feel of them from her memory, the way they had felt on her skin that morning. The scene shifted, after her last fight with Remus, November, when she pulled Severus into kisses and he followed her onto the bed. The feel of the sheets, the arousal and anger melding together as she tried to lose herself in him. She could feel her own mild arousal, and Severus's growing arousal and desire, and she was beginning to feel dizzy, hot. When she pulled away she had a slight headache, and Severus seemed to be closer than he'd been a moment ago, his eyes wide as he looked at her. She could see in his face that he was remembering the rest of that scene, of the feeling of being inside of her as she traced playful bites up his chest and neck. "Lydia," he said, slightly breathless, "why are we fighting?" "That's not an apology," she said, frowning. She wasn't unaffected by that look, but she wasn't just going to fall in bed with him because they both found it arousing to see their memories of sex. After a long and tense moment of silence, she said, "We're fighting because you're angry with me for not being as angry with Remus as I should be, and I'm angry with you for being cruel about it." Severus swallowed and his nostrils twitched as he tried to think of the right thing to say without lying or cashing in on his conscience. Lydia was almost amused, waiting for him to think of something that would talk her into taking off her clothes. "You did a very good job of taking control of the memories and pushing me out of your mind," he said, in a weak attempt to flatter her. She knew the only reason she could kick him out was because he was distracted by arousal. "Flattery won't get you anywhere," she said with an attempt to be stern. "I've got a paper to finish, and as I won't get it done here, I'm going to my office." She was actually going to the staff room, but he wouldn't follow her if she said she was going to her office. "Lydia," he said, almost beseechingly. "No, Sev." "Lydia, you didn't even let me say what I wanted." She smirked and said, "Oh, I know what you want, thank you very much." His eyes flashed, confirming he suspicions, and she decided to give him a brief kiss before going on her way. Severus tried to pull her closer, to get her hooked into the kiss, but Lydia pulled away, smiled at him again to let him know she wasn't leaving because she was angry with him, and she grabbed her things, heading to the teacher's lounge. The whole way there, she wondered if she'd done the right thing, just leaving him like that, but when she pulled out her paper, she realized she needed this time on her own. She wasn't nearly as far along as she'd thought she was, and she had deadlines to consider. There was no way she'd get as much done when the students came back. Where did the time go? She got about two hours into her work when there was a knock at the door. She frowned, wondering who would knock on the door to the teacher's lounge, unless Severus was looking for her and too lazy to open the door unless he knew someone was inside. No, even for Severus, that would be odd behavior. She opened the door curiously to find Tonks standing there, gray eyes wide and a little embarrassed. "S-sorry," she said, almost a squeak. "I was…. I only meant…. Sorry, professor." "No, it's fine," Lydia said, but the girl had already taken off down the corridor before Lydia could put her finger on what it was that was wrong with how the girl had looked. With a small, puzzled shake of the head, Lydia went back to work. The first Wednesday back, however, Lydia had the fifth years first thing in the morning for a double period, and she took a good long look at Tonks trying to figure out what was going on with the girl. Not only was her hair now flat-out golden blonde, and in shoulder-length waves instead of her usual short hair, but her nose was smaller, her chin more rounded, and Lydia guessed although wasn't totally certain that the girl's breasts were significantly larger (although that could have been puberty, which often did weird and rapid changes to girls' bodies at this age). After class, Lydia asked Tonks to stay after, although she wasn't really sure what she was going to say. It felt especially strange, seeing Sirius's eyes staring back at her as she tried to be a responsible adult in this girl's life and look out for her. Part of her just wanted to make her go away. "Yes, professor?" Tonks said, nervously. No, something was definitely wrong in this girl's life. She wasn't a nervous child. She was a hellion. Yes, she was a teenager, and yes she was in her O.W.L. year, and life was always difficult at this age, but there had to be something bigger going on. Lydia gestured for Tonks to sit, which the girl did, in the desk that was bolted to the ground for her safety. Lydia sat in the next desk over to be more…approachable. "I know that your personal life is none of my business," Lydia said gently, "but I had a friend in school who was going through some terrible things, and I saw something was weird, and I didn't say something. And nearly every day I wish I'd said something, because it might have saved her life." Tonks's eyes widened at the bluntness of Lydia's confession, and then she looked quickly down at her hands. "I'm not…not depressed or anything, Professor Rowe," she said, perhaps a little too quickly. "I didn't suppose you were," Lydia said, tilting her head for a better look at Tonks's face. "And it's possible that nothing's wrong, but so many changes to your appearance in so short a frame of time…. I have to ask if you're being pressured by a boy." Tonks dug her fingers into the desk slightly, her nails bending the wood gently with the pressure. "N-no," she said, shrugging. "Nothing like that, professor. I don't even have a boyfriend." "You're not changing your appearance to try to get one?" Lydia asked. "I know you've probably heard this before, but trust me, if you've got to change how you look for a boy you don't really want to be with him." Trust me. Tonks laughed tightly, through her nose, and there was something in that small change in how the girl laughed that made Lydia indescribably uneasy, but she couldn't think why. Clearly, though, Tonks didn't want to talk about whatever was going on, but something was absolutely going on. "If you ever want to talk," Lydia said gently, "I'm always available, and whatever you tell me is between you and me, one hundred percent. I promise. I know how important it can be to just say something out loud sometimes. And if you can't find me," she hesitated. No, this was more important than her privacy and pride, more important than Severus's privacy and pride. "If you can't find me, ask Professor Snape. He'll know where I am. You know you can trust either one of us." Tonks nodded. She didn't ask if she could go, but her stiff shoulders seemed to ask it for her, and Lydia dismissed the girl, feeling a horrible feeling in her stomach like she should sit the girl down and look into her mind by force, but she'd never actually done Legilimency and she was afraid of causing damage by doing it wrong. So she resolved to keep a very close eye on Tonks, and packed up her things for her break before lunch. She got a bit of editing done on her work, and then went to the Great Hall where she took her seat beside Severus. Minerva leaned over and said softly as Priam sat down, "Lydia, Miss Tonks told me that she was late because she was talking to you?" "Oh, yes," Lydia said, smiling weakly. "I should have written her a note, Minerva. I'm sorry." "No, no, it's fine," Minerva said softly. "There wasn't a problem, was there?" "How do you mean?" Lydia asked. Severus cleared his throat and said, "Minerva means that she's convinced that Nymphadora Tonks is a delinquent bent on causing problems in every class she trips over her own toes in, which I presume is all classes but my own." Minerva began to splutter her opposition to this comment, and Lydia shook her head, smiled, and said, "No, no, nothing at all like that. We were just talking about her future. She's never a problem in my class. Anyway, not since we bolted that desk down." Priam laughed and said, "Bolted the desk down. I quite like that. She's a charming, pretty girl, but, well, a bit haphazard, isn't she?" Lydia hummed in response, not willing to make any agreement as she glanced over to the Hufflepuff table, where Tonks was eating quietly, not looking up from her plate to talk to friends or anything like that. And then when Charlie Weasley slid onto the bench beside her and touched her shoulder, she nearly jumped right out of her skin. He seemed concerned, but kept saying what he'd been saying, which told Lydia that she'd responded that way before. No, something was certainly wrong, Lydia told herself, and she would talk with Severus about it later. After dinner, she sat down and looked at Severus hard on the sofa until he looked up from his book at her. "Yes?" he said, raising his eyebrows. "Tonks," she said firmly. "Yes, something is wrong, no I haven't read her mind," he said, looking back at the book. "And I'd rather not until you can prove it's something other than normal adolescent concerns. Albus frowns on that sort of thing, although I'm sure he does it often enough." Lydia bit back a retort about not caring one jot about what Albus wanted. "But you'll keep an eye on her?" "Of course." Lydia sighed with relief. Of course, she knew that he would, especially when he was trying so hard to make things up to her. She sighed and stood without a word, walking into the bedroom, knowing this would get his attention. "Lydia?" he said, his voice slightly strained. "Are you tired?" She smiled to herself, hearing the slight hopefulness in his voice. "Not particularly," she said, pulling off her robes and counting to three silently. Sure enough, he was in the doorway behind her when she turned around and cocked her head at him, smiling in spite of herself. His eyes were wide as she unbuttoned her blouse, and he seemed to be asking her permission with them, almost begging her permission. Lydia tossed the blouse aside and beckoned him forward gently. His breathing was almost ragged as he crossed to her in a very quick moment, pressing furious kisses to her collarbone as she let her fingers get tangled in his hair. Part of her was still a little upset with him, but she was tired of being angry with him. It wasn't something she could hold onto long, because he was always so endearing, and she found that her body ached for him when she went too long without him. It was probably silliness, but Lydia didn't really mind. He kissed her with such ferocity that she knew, without him saying a word, that he must go through the same withdrawals when they were fighting. Perhaps it made them deal with their differences more quickly than they otherwise might do. His hands went to her skirt, but she swatted them away, dealing first with the buttons on his shirt as he obediently shrugged off his robes. It was difficult, sometimes, to undress through a flurry of kisses, but they'd gotten better at it over the years. Lydia shimmied out of his skirt as he growled in frustration at the button on his trousers, which seemed to be giving him trouble. She fought a giggle, crawling onto the bed as he wrestled with his trouser, clambering out of them hastily to follow her onto the bed as quickly as possible. He murmured something she couldn't hear as he pressed his cool lips to her shoulder, then her back, letting his lips and teeth scrape down her spine as she stretched out to give him a better angle. She turned when he got to the small of her back and she looked up at him, seeing the hunger in the dark, almost liquid pools of his eyes. Nothing restrained, nothing contained. It was delicious to be wanted like that, and perhaps more so from someone usually so reserved. To inspire so much in him that he cannot contain his desire…. Lydia moved to let him balance his body better on the bed, spreading out more fully, and she pressed him down onto the bed. He seemed puzzled for a moment, but she straddled his legs and his eyes didn't seem to know where to look but up at some part of her. They darted across her body wildly, and she decided not to lower her torso closer to his. She rather enjoyed that he seemed to be in a state of stunned pleasure. Without a word, she lifted herself on her knees over him, and his breathing changed visibly. He tried to sit up, but she pressed him down with an expression of mock sternness. His eyes widened, but he did not move, seeming to realize she would only push him back if he tried. Severus licked his lips as she slowly lowered herself onto him, feeling him twitch inside her as he exhaled sharply. She saw his hands ball up fistfuls of the sheets, his nostrils flaring as he finally let out a groan of desire. He seemed to only tense further as she let a moan release from her lips, her body thrumming with the tension, the friction between them. But she stayed perfectly still with him buried in her, feeling his hips twitch slightly, seeing his whole body taut with anticipation. She savored the moment, the feeling of his dependence on her. His jaw tightened and she almost laughed when he said, "Damnit, Lydia, please!" He didn't have to tell her what he wanted. His hips were practically seizing with the need to move, to build up the pressure between them. Lydia decided to oblige, lifting herself slowly off of him, almost all the way, and as she was about to come down again he thrust up into her, groaning a deep, vicious groan. Lydia felt him terribly deep inside of her, and she gasped at the unexpected change. Between the two of them, they seemed to struggle for finding a rhythm, but it hardly mattered. Her climax came over her with remarkable suddenness, and it was her stunned and sudden reaction that put him over the edge, not truly simultaneous but quite close together. When she collapsed on top of him suddenly he wrapped his arms around her body, cradling her against his torso. "You know," he said after a few minutes in stunned and sated silence, "I sometimes wonder if perhaps we shouldn't fight more often." She would have smacked him playfully, but she was far too tired. She murmured her lazy disapproval into his shoulder as her eyes closed from exhaustion. A/N: Woohoo! :D They've made up. And well. Review Prompt: What's up with Tonks? (obvious question, I know) -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to WrittenByTheInsaneFluba. Hope you're enjoying as you were a couple of chapters ago! -C Things were going well, as things sometimes do. Lydia was beginning to relax into a rhythm again, in spite of her concern for Tonks (who seemed to become increasingly not-herself). Lydia and Severus did their teaching, did their marking, had their tea, occasionally had sex, and sometimes Severus would read to her from some academic text while she curled up to fall asleep beside him. It was a good life, she decided, and if nothing ever disturbed it, she really wouldn't mind. Of course, she also knew that something would have to disturb it eventually, and that nothing lasted forever. Especially happiness and peace. They never lasted forever. She also knew, from her years of experience, that bad days often started beautifully, and this day started especially beautifully. Severus managed to arrange for them to have the whole day off, no Hogsmeade duty, no expectations to be at meals. They could just curl up together and have their meals in their bed. She was getting used to house-elves delivering their food in bed, knowing about them. Severus woke her with kisses, and fed her with his fingers, which he thought was sweet, but a bit silly. She had a very hard time not breaking out in giggles. If he noticed her giggles, he ignored them, simply being tender, which was perhaps how she liked him best. After they ate, she insisted that they shower, which he obliged without too much coaxing. Lydia suspected that the shower was his favorite place to take her, with the added set of sensations it provided. There was, she supposed, a certain kind of erotic nature to being soaking wet and skin on skin, and at least in a shower the water was warm. Lydia dried off after perhaps the longest shower of her life, and she pulled on a dress, grabbing a blanket to wrap around herself before walking out to the sofa, where Severus was already readying, a fire going. "You look comfortable," she said, sitting beside him, resting her legs over his legs. He rested a hand on her knee as she rested her head on his shoulder. "I suppose I've just made you less comfortable." "Never," he said, which wasn't really a lie. He wasn't thinking about the week before, obviously, when she'd fallen asleep on him and caused him to lose feeling in his fingers. "Will you read to me?" He frowned, showing her the boring cover and said, "It's a treatise on the use of traditional herbs in modern potion-making." Lydia hummed, not really caring what it was. She snuggled closer, and repeated that she wanted to hear him read, so he cleared his throat, found a good place to start, and began to read. She wasn't much of a plant person. She knew how to tell apart the various ingredients she'd used while brewing with Severus, and she had labeled containers for cooking that Severus filled for her. Thus, her knowledge of herbs was virtually none, but she didn't mind as she listened. His voice melted over her like warm chocolate, sweet and dark and full and warm and smooth. She imagined that every wave of sound was rounded and delicious, like a chocolate truffle. Severus read steadily, slowly, and without any discernable mistakes. She felt, when reading for her students, that she stumbled over words she never stumbled over when she practiced the readings for timing. Somehow, Severus never had these problems. Perhaps he was more sure of himself. After a great deal of time listening to him read, she must have fallen asleep, because he woke her with some gentle kisses and she blinked at him, startled. "What happened?" she asked, realizing he was standing over her, no longer sitting more or less beneath her. She licked her lips. "How long have I been sleeping?" "Not long," he said. "I warn you, Miss Tonks came around asking if I knew where you were." Lydia groaned sitting up. "I told her you had fallen asleep reading," he said, almost teasing. "In a way, after all, you had. I said I didn't want to wake you, and was there anything she needed." "Did she say?" His eyes darkened, she hadn't imagined it. "She did not," he said slowly, "but I did do a surface glimpse into her mind. She…she has been pressured I think, although there was no face. Someone has been…making her uncomfortable." "Someone's assaulted her?" Lydia prompted, suddenly wide awake. "Molested her?" "Nothing like that," he said darkly. The not yet was unspoken, but heard just as clearly as his words. Lydia could feel her heart pounding in her ears. There was something terrible wrong, she had felt it from the beginning of the year, and it kept getting worse. "I need to find her," Lydia said, scarcely breathing. "She's not ready to speak about it, Lydia," Severus said, his tone warning. She shook her head and said, "She came here to find me!" "She came here to see if you really were available whenever she needed you. She wasn't ready to speak of it to you." "Sev," she said, wishing he could see, praying he could understand, "I can see that something's wrong. If I can just get her to speak about it, just get her to turn in those responsible—" Very softly, Severus cut across her and said, "If you had confronted MacDonald, or told a teacher, all you would have done was hastened her end." Lydia nearly collapsed on the sofa, but Severus caught her, saying something in a concerned voice, but she couldn't hear him. She couldn't seem to hear anything. Was he right? Would Mary have died sooner if she'd tried to press the matter? Would pressing Tonks now increase the danger she was in? "If I do nothing," she said softly, "and harm comes to her…." "We'll not do nothing," he said. "We'll watch her. And you can almost be certain Albus sees what we see." At the mention of Albus, Lydia pushed away, eager to not listen anymore. She was still so furious with Albus, and that he could let this happen right under his nose made it all so much worse. Of course, deep down, she knew it wasn't his fault. Teenagers had issues with these things. It was one of those sad facts of life. But how could she and Severus be the only ones who noticed? How could this get to this point? How could she fix it? Before she could get her bearings again, Lydia felt her mind being bored into, painfully, forcefully. The familiar, haughty face of Organza Oldington was before her, at age thirteen. The two girls had been selected to do a Potions project together, and Lydia had thought about begging Professor Slughorn to let her work with anyone else. She'd work with a Slytherin if she had to, just not Organza. She could feel the painful anxiety, the smallness, the things that looked so small looking back on them but felt massive being in the moment, like the world was collapsing. "Lydia," Organza said, her high and piercing voice making Lydia shrink away emotionally, and a little bit physically to boot. "I know your friends are good at this…stuff. You'll do our project and make sure it's good." Lydia cleared her throat, knowing this was not okay. Usually, it was safer to let Organza have her way than to try to argue with her, but this was Lydia's grade, too. "We're supposed to work on it together," she said, cringing internally at the smallness of her own voice. Organza's smile turned predatory instantly, which seemed to fit, because Lydia already felt like prey. Lydia could feel someone struggling with her to see other things, and she knew it was Severus, and she was afraid of what he was looking for that they'd gotten here, so she tried to fight him, to focus on anything in the scene that was opposite of where he was tugging her. The scene dissolved, but there they were in her dormitory, and Organza was going on about France and how Lydia was going to be alone at Hogwarts. The struggle continued, and the scene melted once more, frustratingly another scene of Organza. They were standing by the lake, maybe October of fifth year. Artemis was goading Lydia to fly across the lake with her, but Lydia wasn't so sure. It was very long, and she was already tired from Quidditch practice. James was shaking up to be a bit of a monster as captain. "She's too afraid," Organza said, smirking. "You know Lydia, Artemis. She's afraid of her own bloody shadow." "And you're not?" Artemis said with a laugh. It stung that Artemis hadn't argued that Lydia wasn't afraid of her own shadow. Was she? Was that how even her friends saw her? Of course she was afraid. She felt sick with the memories that plagued her, the thoughts of her parents. "Did you dare me?" Organza said. Lydia didn't really think that was fair. No one had dared anyone to do anything. Artemis had only asked. Lydia looked down at her hands, exhausted. If she agreed to fly she'd probably fall off her broom, but if she continued to resist she'd never hear the end of it. "Oi, Rutgers!" she heard the familiar voice of Sirius Black call. "You're needed." "Piss off, Black!" Artemis called back. "Lydia's going to race me across the lake." Lydia didn't look up from her hands, but she could hear him approaching, and she seriously doubted that he was alone. The Marauders hardly ever did anything alone. "She isn't," Sirius said, teasing. "Oi, Lydia, Remus is desperate. He's been trying to help me do this Arithmancy problem but he's bust. Will you help me?" She didn't have to look up to know he was going to wink at her, but she looked up anyway. She hated this teasing about Remus, especially as she could see Remus blushing behind Sirius, approaching with the other Marauders. On the other hand, it was an out from the race if she ever saw one. Lydia felt horribly torn. She didn't want to back down from a dare and let down Artemis, but she didn't want to fly. She didn't want to prove Organza right, but she was terrified of falling in the lake in the middle somewhere. She didn't want to need Sirius's charity, but she would have given eyeteeth to be working on Arithmancy somewhere far away from the lake. She only wished he hadn't used Remus in the excuse. Lydia was suddenly pulled out of the memory and was looking into the furious eyes of Severus, who seemed to be trying to control his emotions. "What just happened," she gasped, rubbing the heel of her hand into her temple. "Ugh, my head. What did you just do?" He didn't say anything, turning away from her, looking at the fire for a moment before putting a few books back in their place and putting his hand to the door of the bedroom. "Severus," she said in her most firm voice. "What did you do?" She knew, but she wanted him to say it, to admit it. "Consider it an Occlumency lesson," he said a bit coolly. "But it wasn't," she said harshly. "You just forced yourself into my head and manhandled your way through it, Severus." He was breathing heavily, and she didn't know what he was thinking. She should have perhaps been afraid, but she was too angry to be afraid of angering him. "You shouldn't be so careless with your thoughts and emotions, then." In a momentary fit of pure fury, she picked up the closest thing – an eraser – and threw it at his head. He was no athlete, and although dueling had given him great reflexes for wandwork, he had never been great with objects like this. The eraser bounced off his head and fell to the floor with a dull, small thud. He froze before turning to face her, his eyes burning with anger. "Why did you do that?" he asked with forced calm. She knew, instinctively, that he was struggling with the urge to throw something back at her, or perhaps just take her and shake her. Lydia closed her eyes and shook her head and said, "I'm not careless." "Yes, you are!" he cried. "You have always been careless, Lydia, or you would have left the country when I told you to. You would have not trusted when I told you to trust no one!" She stood abruptly, wanting so badly to throw something else but not having anything else to throw. "If I did everything you told me to," she said coolly, "I would either not be in the country or I wouldn't be speaking to you." His eyebrows shot up in unrestrained shock and he said, "And why would you not be speaking to me?" "Because I can't live my life being controlled by you, Severus." He laughed, pacing the room. "Me?" he said. "Me, controlling? I've seen your thoughts, Lydia, your memories. Black didn't even want you doing the dishes by hand. All I wanted was for you to be safe!" She kicked the sofa in frustration and immediately regretted it when her ankle ached from the reverberation. She wanted him to understand so she didn't have to say it. She wanted to have him just know how she felt, like when they were in school, when they were children. What she wouldn't give to be a child again and not have these problems, to have everyone back and decisions taken out of her hands for a little while. She fell to the sofa limply, and this seemed to surprise Severus, because his posture shifted for the briefest moment. After breathing heavily, she said, "You forced your way into my mind, Severus. You didn't even tell me…. You didn't…." She covered her face and let out a sort of growl of frustration. He reached out of her, but hesitated before touching her and pulled his hand away again. "You knew I would do that soon," he said, as though this were a defense. "That was the next step in your training." "Yes, but you waited until it was useful to you," she said, frowning up at him. "You decided to take advantage of training me, of my trust, to look into my mind when you thought you might get information that would be convenient or useful to you. And that hurts me." He said nothing, but he knew what she meant. She could list people in her life like a long string of names, people who had taken advantage of her disposition, of her talents, of her friendship, of her loneliness, to get what they wanted. The last thing she wanted was for Severus to join that list. Finally, Severus said, "Regardless of my imperfections," which was as much of an apology as she supposed she would get, "you have some rather poor decisions that have prompted my behavior toward you. I recognize that you do not always agree with the decisions I would have you make, but I…I have said and done the things I have said and done to protect you." "Oh?" she asked, feeling a smaller wave of frustration and anger. "So having Death Eaters tail me when I didn't always tell you everything was to protect me?" He waved a hand and said, "It was only Lucius Malfoy." Lydia snorted and said, "You don't hear yourself sometimes, do you? It doesn't matter that you two were close or pals or whatever. I know the kinds of things Lucius Malfoy was involved in, Severus, so forgive me if I'm not just bubbling over with joy that it wasn't fucking Bellatrix Lestrange! Never mind that he would have killed me without hesitation if your Dark Lord had asked him to!" Severus's nostrils twitched and his throat worked as he swallowed. Had he really never thought of that, or had he figured that Lucius Malfoy was safe enough? She swept up to her feet and he reached out like he was going to grab her arm, but she took a hasty step back from him, her eyes going wide. She shook her head and said, "The thing is, Severus, poor decisions or otherwise, they're not your decisions to make." "You would be so careless with your well-being," he said softly, "with your life, that you would…" His nostrils flared and he shook his head. "You would…." He inhaled sharply and said, "Would you really be so careless that you would leave me…" His voice broke and he turned away, and she realized why he was being controlling. He was afraid that she, like Lily, would leave him. Perhaps because she would just leave, but more because she would not take care of herself and something would happen to her. She couldn't believe she hadn't seen it this clearly before. All the times, even after the war, when he thought she was gone. How he must have felt when he heard that Sirius's house had been destroyed. Keeping tabs on her, however he could, during the war was because he didn't think he could live without her living. On the other hand…. "How would you feel," she said softly, "if all your measures to keep me safe had caused me to die?" His nostrils flared, and after a brief moment he said, "How would you feel if trying to make Miss Tonks speak leads to something happening to her?" She groaned in frustration at the change of subject and she went into the bedroom, ignoring him when he tried to follow her in. She changed into a reasonable outfit and pulled on robes. "Where are you going?" he said, suspicious. "You're not going after her." "Not that it's any of your business," she said coolly, "but I happen to have a lot of work to do, and I'm going to go do some of it and let you think about why I'm not speaking to you until later." He said her name as she scoped up her bag and left, but she didn't turn around. A/N: So, updated a little quicker than I expected! Here you go, a nice lovely chapter with another fight and everything. :D I brought up Organza again for a number of purposes. Don't forget her. She'll pop back up more than this once. Review Prompt: Who's more right and who's more wrong? I'd like to think that it's not that simple, but if you had to side with one of them today, who would you side with? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reviewer and bingereader Superultrafangirl. Hope you continue to enjoy this crazy ride! -C After perhaps the most profuse apology she'd ever read, Lydia finally agreed to meet Remus for tea. He looked nervous and perhaps a bit abashed when he greeted her in a Glasgow tea shop she'd selected, not wanting to deal with the drama of running into people they knew. "Can I just say," he said quickly, "before I say anything else, that I'm terribly sorry for…everything. It was stupid and I…I don't know, Lydia. I just kind of saw red and lost it." She waved a hand as if to say that it was forgotten, but they both knew it wasn't. Months later and the wounds were still raw, perhaps worse because she didn't know what he'd written in that letter Severus destroyed. And what was worse was that she couldn't bring herself to ask Remus what it was and remind him of everything they'd fought about in the first place. "So," she said, smiling, "let's just talk about something else, right?" "Right," he said, rubbing the back of his neck. "Right. Erm, d'you want sugar?" "No," Lydia said, perhaps a little too quickly. "No, I don't take it in my tea." He frowned slightly and started to say that he thought she had, and she shook her head and looked down, and he sighed. "Right," he said. "I remember now. You did, and then you didn't again. Right, I'll just…" He prepared his tea and Lydia licked her lips, thinking of how Severus had pouted before she left to come to Glasgow. The awkwardness took a little bit to fade, but it did eventually fall away as it always did. She began to settle into conversation about her work, about her students, about Glasgow, even. "Have you figured out what it was that was bothering that student?" he asked. She had forgotten that she'd expressed to him her concerns about Tonks. She wasn't sure she'd given a name or not, so she decided to be vague, just in case. "Oh, yeah," she said, frowning. He had been a Prefect, she thought. He had to weigh difficult decisions about when it was his business and when it wasn't. Surely he could help with her dilemma. "Remus, d'you think if I'd said something about Mary, or pressed her for information, I'd have made it better or worse?" The question seemed to startle him, and she wasn't surprised. They'd been talking about lighter things, and suddenly she brings up one of the most trying moments from their past. "It's really impossible to say," he said, frowning. "Both are possible. Maybe you would have saved her. Maybe she would have suffered more." "So how do you know what to do?" He rubbed his forehead and shrugged. "I wasn't very good at doing the right thing in school, Lydia," he said with a bitter smile. "I can't tell you what to do, or what we should have done. You just have to…do what feels right. And hope it's the right thing. But at least if you follow your conscience, you'll never wonder if you should have done what you wanted to do." Lydia wasn't sure what that meant, exactly but she knew that was the best she was going to get out of him. She sighed and rubbed her forehead anxiously, wishing she knew the right thing to do. It was possible that Severus was right, that to press Tonks would only make things worse. But if she didn't, and if doing so would keep her from being violated…. "There's a student," she said, "who is being…pressured by someone." His eyes darkened and she recognized that he understood her meaning perfectly. This was one thing Lydia loved about Remus, how his inner gentleman would come out when he heard of things like a young woman – or girl – being mistreated. Perhaps it was all the years of Sirius, or perhaps it was knowing that there were people without even the moon as an excuse for their monstrosity. "She told you about it?" he asked. "No," she said, frowning. "But I know. And I don't know who it is, which is frustrating. Severus says she's not ready to talk about it, and maybe he's right, but if I say nothing and something terrible happens to her…" She shivered. "There's something," he said, frowning, looking at his teacup thoughtfully. "Merlin, it's like my mind's a sieve today. But there was something that reminded me of and now I can't think of it. It was terribly important." Lydia wasn't sure what it could have been, something about someone being pressured, but she nodded politely as he tried to recall it again. After a short while, though, he gave a frustrated sigh and said, "Nope. It's gone. No doubt it'll come back to me when I'm at home." She hummed and thought about asking where he was staying these days, but just in case it wasn't a happy thing to ask, she shifted the subject to Quidditch and they managed to talk happily about that until the allotted time she had given him was up. As they went to leave, they paid their parts of the check and Lydia led the way out of the shop. Remus paused as they were saying goodbye, and he pressed a kiss to her cheek. The gesture was tender, chaste, sweet. Like a cat licking the fingertips of a child trying to pet it. Like a dog nuzzling the neck of a sulking owner. Lydia knew as soon as his lips touched her cheek that she wanted him to kiss her, but she knew just as firmly that they weren't right yet. If they kissed each other now, there would always be things to work through that they were avoiding, and she couldn't do that. No matter whose fault it was, there was nothing good that would come of letting each other kiss without the right preamble. When she got back to the school, there was a note on the side table from Severus that said he had to deal with a discipline problem and then he had some things to brew, so she would be alone for some time to grade or whatever she wished. Lydia liked having the time alone while she was still wrestling with the very confusing emotions resulting from her time with Remus, particularly from the kiss. She pulled out the fifth year essays and rubbed her eyes. She decided to make a cup of tea to go with them, as they would certainly take some time. Not every student could write a good essay for Arithmancy, Lydia had learned. Even the students who understood the concepts well often struggled, and some students had the most beautiful writing but no understanding of what they were supposed to be writing about. It wasn't until she became a teacher that Lydia truly recognized how remarkably different she had been as a student, naturally being able to write about things she understood on a high level. Bill had that ability, and Charlie, and Tonks to some extent. The Barbary girls seemed to have the ability. But she found that many Ravenclaws were especially deficient in it. This was troublesome for Lydia, as a grader, because she had so many Ravenclaws. Did she grade them on the content and understanding alone, and not mark them down for their poor writing? Did she give the students with poor understanding better grades than perhaps they deserved because they managed to write their incorrect ideas very well? The balance was a difficult one, and relied entirely on her discretion, and she hated relying entirely on her discretion in matters that impacted other people. She tried to let Lily's voice into her mind in these moments, the champion of correct discretion. So Lydia closed her eyes, breathed in her steaming tea, and tried to think of what Lily would say about the topic of the Rowe Theorem, which Lydia hated teaching anyway, and how to grade for understanding and composition fairly. How would the examiners grade, she heard Lily ask, and Lydia supposed the examiners would focus more heavily on the content than the essay composition. Does the composition make it difficult to read or understand the content, she heard Lily ask, and Lydia nodded at the fairness of this consideration. She would mark down slightly for lack of clarity that takes away from understanding, and that would be that. She got into a rhythm of grading, smiling to herself as she read Charlie's very interesting (but only half well-conceived) essay about the Theorem, which would have made a very stark contrast to Bill's essay two years earlier. She would love to put those two in a room and make them debate an Arithmantic concern. The problem was, she knew Bill would nearly always win, just from sheer interest in the subject. When she reached the essay at the bottom of the stack, she paused, not recognizing the writing. The name at the top was Tonks's, and she frowned. For a brief moment she thought of accusing the girl of cheating, but it didn't really match any other handwriting Lydia was familiar with, either. She decided to read the essay first and figure out what to do about it later. It was a reasonably well-written essay, but dry. Tonks's essays were never dry. She usually saved them for the end because she knew they would lift the weight of reading all the others. Instead, a heavier weight seemed to settle, right in Lydia's chest. If this was Tonks's essay, then whatever was wrong with her was beginning to impact her schoolwork, her handwriting, as well as her appearance. Lydia's hands began to shake as she turned over this new information. Surely this was a cry for help. Surely this meant she wanted Lydia to ask her again what was wrong, to help her with this boy who was pressuring her, to save her as she'd been unable to save Mary. Knowing that she wouldn't be able to seek out and interrogate Tonks right this minute, she focused on trying to wrap her mind around the problem. Lydia knew that Tonks had said quite plainly that there wasn't a boy pressuring her when they'd last spoken about the problem, but Severus had also said that this was exactly what was happening. Was it that something had happened, or that Tonks's perception of a situation had changed? Something had certainly changed, because she'd tried to reach out to Lydia, and then didn't want to talk about whatever it was with Severus. Now her handwriting had changed, the tone of her work had changed, and Lydia wondered if perhaps she hadn't been too late, if the pressure had led to some unspeakable act. She heard a clock and she jumped, checking her watch. If she didn't leave soon she'd be late for the Quidditch match, and she'd promised Charlie she'd be there to watch. She scratched her neck and sighed, setting aside the essay to be dealt with later. She'd see Tonks at the match, anyway, as the commentator always sat in the teacher's box, where McGonagall could keep a close eye on proceedings. She grabbed a scarf and thought about writing a note for Severus in case he came back before going out, but she supposed she could catch him on the way out. He'd know where she was. Lydia walked out toward the Quidditch pitch, saying hello to a few students in the Entrance Hall before she nearly stumbled right into Severus, who nodded to her and walked in step with her out of the castle doors. "Did you have a productive time when you came back?" No interest in how things went with Remus, but that seemed fair. "Yes, actually," she said, smiling. "I got most of the fifth year essays graded. They really do take so long." "They can," he conceded. She saw two figures standing close to the stands, sort of off the path, almost behind the stands. When she recognized the girl as Tonks, she felt momentarily concerned, but the she realized it was just Priam talking to her, saying something to her gently. Tonks was nodding, looking down slightly. Perhaps it was something for his course they were discussing, Lydia thought, or perhaps he had noticed something wrong with Tonks and was telling her she could confide in him, the way Lydia had done. Severus frowned slightly as his gaze fell on the pair, as though he was trying to remember something that was tickling the back of his mind, but he shook his head after a moment. When Priam looked up and saw Lydia and Severus approaching he said something to Tonks, who nodded and hurried up into the stands with remarkable speed – if not exactly grace, nearly tripping over her own feet twice before she reached the staircase. He waved in cheerful greeting to both Lydia and Severus. "Poor girl seems to not be sleeping very well," Priam said, sighing. "I suggested a few substance-free techniques. She was worried that taking a Potion would hinder her clarity of mind." "Indeed?" Severus said, still frowning slightly. Lydia wondered what was on his mind, but she wouldn't have a chance to ask him right away. "Yes, I know a method or two for aiding in sleep," Priam said, smiling. "Focused thought. Exercises. The like." Lydia frowned, thinking that something was tickling in the back of her mind as well, but she really couldn't think of what it was. There was a strange, sweet taste in her mouth when she knew she hadn't had anything sweet all day. "I hope her health improves, then," Lydia said, feeling slightly dizzy. She grabbed Severus's arm, and he turned to her urgently. Priam asked if she was alright, and Lydia blinked. "Lydia," Severus said, concern in his voice. "Sorry," she said, giving a shaky laugh. "Sorry, I just felt…strange." "Perhaps you need more sleep as well," Priam said with a knowing nod, tapping the side of his nose. Lydia hummed, but she ignored Priam as he walked into the stands. She gripped more tightly at Severus's arm and muttered, "I feel very dizzy." Severus looked around, up and down the path, before leading her to a nearby roan tree and helping her to sit at its base. She took deep breaths, leaning her head back on the tree trunk, closing her eyes. She could see a strange red flickering when she closed her eyes, and she opened them again with alarm. "Lydia, what's wrong?" "I don't know," she said, rubbing her arms, looking up at him with a feeling of smallness she hadn't had since the war. "I really don't know, but I feel terrible. I…. I didn't have jam at breakfast, did I?" "Jam?" he asked, bewildered. "I don't think so." "Marmalade?" "No, you didn't even have toast. Why?" She shook her head, trying to close her eyes again, but feeling a strange constriction all around her she opened them again, shivering. "I just taste this…saccharine thing in my mouth and I can't think of what it could be," she said, rubbing her arms more vigorously. "Sev, I think I need to go lie down or something. I don't think I can watch the match." He said nothing, watching her, perhaps waiting for her to say more, or to attempt to get up, or to ask for help. "Of course, my students will be terribly disappointed that I haven't seen them play," she muttered, more to herself than to him. She felt a shiver through her, and Severus knelt beside her, looking at her eyes. "Your health comes first," he said with surprising gentleness. If they knew, they would understand." If they knew…. She closed her eyes again and she could almost feel the sticky, thick warmth of blood on her fingers, between her fingers, and although she was not consciously aware of making the sound, she could hear her voice crying out in fear, and she felt Severus's hands on her shoulders. "Lydia, what is it?" he asked. She couldn't hear the fear in his voice, but she knew he was afraid. She was afraid. "Look at me," he said firmly, the voice he used with his students to keep them from accidentally harming themselves. She did as he asked, and she could feel her expression twist as she tried to catch her breath. "What is it?" "I don't know," she said, feeling anxiety trying to choke her as she tried to find the words. "Severus, I just have this terrible feeling, like memories I'd been trying to forget and I…." "What had he said?" Severus muttered, more to himself than to her. "He was talking about Miss Tonks, and…focusing thoughts?" She closed her eyes and shivered again, the image of something shining and read flickering as if in candlelight. She let out a sob, and he said something softly, coaxing her to open her eyes again, which she did. She was struggling to breathe, and he said, "Lydia, are you thinking about Dalia?" Until he said it out loud she hadn't made the connection, but now that he said the name she began to shake as he pulled her into his arms, holding her as the sounds of cheering came from the Quidditch pitch. "I'm sorry," she said, when she found enough air. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean." Severus sat and pulled her onto his lap, for the first time under the open air, and he whispered, "None of this is your fault. There's nothing for you to be sorry for." But Lydia could not shake the feeling that she did, in fact, need to be sorry for something, that something was somehow her fault. And on top of her guilt, she felt the horrible feeling that she hadn't managed to watch the Quidditch match. A/N: This took a few days longer than I anticipated because life. However, it's up now! MissRoseAlanaHorton and I are running a bonus stamp week. Review all three relevant stories and you'll get four stamps instead of three! The week ends Friday the 29th at midnight, PST. Review Prompt: Any further thoughts on Priam? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to Superultrafangirl! Thanks for your eagerness for this story! -C Lydia spent the first weeks of April stressing out about when Severus would decide it was time for their next Occlumency lesson. They'd agreed that it was time for him to, with her permission, attack without warning. She didn't much like the idea of it, but she understood the value of being able to defend her mind at any given time, without any prior warning. The feeling of anticipation in the pit of her stomach, the hair-raising paranoia prickling the back of her neck, the way the bottoms of her feet would tingle when he entered the room, like she should run… This was how he'd lived every day during the war, she realized. It was exhausting, and she wondered how he made it through years of this. Even their childhood didn't compare, although without that she didn't think she'd be prepared enough to not scream most days. Her resolve wasn't really crumbling, but she was beginning to lapse from time to time, when she thought she was safe. During classes, during meals, just before bed when she grew too tired to maintain her shield, and first thing waking until she was aware of him being awake. Lydia was just beginning to wonder as the had tea one day if he hadn't forgotten he'd promised to do this sneak attack when she felt her wall suddenly crumble, and she was suddenly in her bedroom, the bedroom of her quarters separate from him. She was looking in the mirror after a shower, looking at her face carefully, looking down her body. Every mark, every blemish on her skin seemed incredibly noticeable, but Remus was hardly one who would care. Lydia felt a strange blast of anger and jealousy and she realized that Severus could even sense the thoughts she was having about Remus in the memory. She was certain it was jealousy. The image of herself turned and looked at her back for a moment before grabbing the nearby dress, knowing it wouldn't matter how cold she was if she could get Remus to kiss her to welcome in the new year. And if she could get him to kiss her, then surely it wouldn't be hard for her to coax him back up to her room, and from there she felt confident she could coax him to bed, and then— She felt herself being tossed out of her own head, and she gripped at the sofa for a moment, dazed by the sudden loss of emotions spinning around within her. Her mouth was dry, and Severus was looking at her coldly across the table. "Pathetic," he said softly. "Stop," she said, feeling a shiver run down her spine. "That is, no doubt, the night I found you so utterly depressed. Your plans didn't work, did they?" She stood abruptly, and he grabbed her wrist. "You couldn't withstand even a simple push at your defenses if you didn't see it coming." Lydia tried to jerk her hand away, but his grip was tighter than she expected. "Lydia, regardless of what I saw and what I think of it, you did not succeed in the task." Managing to pull her hand free, she turned and frowned at him. "At the moment, I really don't care," she said, willing herself not to cry. She could see it in his eyes, could still feel the lingering of his emotions. He was disgusted with her. The worst part was, she was disgusted with herself. What a way to behave, and hardly the first time. She knew her past was filled with painful memories of trying to get Remus caught up in a moment, deep enough to give up his inhibitions and love her, make love to her. Even as she stood ashamed of those memories, a small part of her ached to try again, hoping that one more time would do the trick. "You should care," Severus said softly, closing his eyes. The gesture startled her. He rarely was unguarded enough, even around her, to close his eyes for longer than it took to blink, unless he was going to bed. "Nobody sinister attacks when you expect them to, Lydia. Occlumency lessons were not simply a way to pass the time. They're meant to protect you. How can I – How can you protect your mind if you cannot hold a simple shield from the slightest push?" His slip-up might not have been genuine (something told her he'd purposefully showed his more vulnerable side to guilt her), but it caused Lydia to pause, to consider his face as he had his eyes closed. It was too easy to forget, or perhaps too tempting to forget, the reasons she was doing these lessons. She felt her hands trembling and she licked her bottom lip with the tip of her tongue and she stood, unable to look him in the eye as she felt a wave of oncoming tears building. He said her name, but she went into the bedroom and shivered. She crossed into the bathroom and looked at the mirror, looking at the face staring back at her and wondering when she had come to look so different to her own eyes. She seemed more tired, more sunken than she had in that memory. The confidence was gone, that was part of it. But as she slowly removed her robes, her clothes, even her body seemed thinner. Thinking back to the drawings Sirius had done of her face in school, of how beautiful and peaceful the girl in those pictures looked, she felt like a terrible parody of that girl. She'd never seen that girl in the mirror, no matter how hard she tried, but perhaps it was because she didn't recognize any peace in her own face. Perhaps it was the memories of all the things she wished she'd never experienced that were always right behind her eyes, from her father to Sirius to Dalia, there was always something. She heard Severus knock on the bedroom door, but she said nothing, tucking a bit of light hair behind her ear as she let her eyes trail down her mirrored form, with the signs of childhood malnutrition, some scars from her younger days…. The door opened and she did not move to cover herself or close the bathroom door. She just stood, staring at herself and trying not to cry. "Lydia," Severus said with remarkable gentleness. She did not respond, staring at herself, feeling that horrible rush of flashbacks rearing up inside of her again, desperately trying to push them back. Severus approached her, pausing in the doorway. She could feel his eyes on her, and she felt somehow ashamed, although she didn't know what she was ashamed of. He'd seen her body dozens, maybe even hundreds of times. He knew every inch of her, good and bad. What was there to be ashamed of? "You're so beautiful," he said, his voice almost sad and regretful as she looked at him finally, her eyes widening with astonishment. "I don't understand the way you see yourself, Lydia. I don't think I ever will. But then, I doubt I can make you see yourself the way I see you." Lydia closed her eyes, trying to recall the words Remus had said all those years ago about the sketches, about the way Sirius and Remus saw her. Did Sirius really see her that way? Was there ever a time when he did love her? But she knew he had. Severus touched her shoulder and she allowed him to come closer, turning her body toward him and resting her head on his chest. Sirius must have loved her, or he would have – certainly could have – destroyed her. He'd certainly had no qualms about destroying everything else. "Do you want a cup of tea?" Severus asked, and Lydia said nothing, simply enjoying the warmth of him as he hugged her to his chest. His long, thin, strong fingers were stroking the back of her hair, that one spot in the back that would never lay perfectly straight, but would always wave or kink into a curl no matter what she tried on it. He liked to stroke that spoke, she knew, but she never mentioned it in case he wasn't consciously aware. It felt nice, feeling his fingers there. Comforting, in the way that she thought scratching a dog behind the ears would be comforting to the dog. Finally, Severus said, "I'm sorry, Lydia. I should have picked a different type of target. I just…I wanted to stun you when I did the attack so that you could get a proper sense of what the experience would be like, to have your mind invaded." That he had apologized rested over her like a kind of warm mist, and she looked up at his dark eyes thoughtfully, thinking perhaps she'd like some tea after all. She didn't bother dressing, just separated herself from him and pulled a duvet of their bed. He watched her with waiting, calculating eyes, trying to determine her next move. "I'm sorry, too," she said in barely above a whisper. "I…." She wasn't sure what she was sorry for, but she did feel it, the same way she'd felt ashamed as he looked at her naked body in the bathroom. There didn't seem to be a reason, but she knew she was sorry, so keenly that she could feel tears prickling at the corners of her eyes again. She wanted to ask him if Sirius had loved her, but she knew it didn't really matter, and that even though he might be one of the only people who could answer that question, he was far from the right person to ask. Severus followed her into the front room where she settled down on the sofa. He took the hint remarkably well and put the kettle on. He made sure their tea was fully prepared before sitting down beside her, blocked from being too close by the bulky duvet, but if this bothered him he gave no sign. He was not being physically active toward her, but rather moving close to her as possible, like a quiet day of coziness with nothing in the way of it. Lydia got about halfway through her tea when she suggested that they play chess. Severus looked at her with astonishment, but she smiled at him and said, "We used to play all the time, and we never do anymore. I miss it." Without her dressing, without surrendering the duvet, Lydia and Severus set up the chessboard on their bed, as they had done as children and teenagers, and she spread out on her side of the bed, examining the board. She hummed a tune she didn't recognize as she made the first move of the game, and Severus watched her with thoughtful eyes at each turn. She knew, as she always knew, that he would win, but that didn't bother Lydia today as it had when they were young. She just wanted to play, win or lose, and find a way to enjoy herself. After such an emotionally taxing day, she thought she deserved to enjoy herself a bit. Severus did win, three games in a row, before she was so tired that her eyes were closing while trying to set the board back up. With his insistence, she dressed for bed and climbed in while Severus put the game away. He was just about to change into his own night clothes when there was a knock on the door. He growled slightly, obviously trying to decide whether to ignore it or answer, but when another knock happened he sighed, kissed her lips gently, and closed the bedroom door on his way out to answer, just to keep her from view. Lydia's eyes closed lazily and she heard the voice of Albus greeting Severus. She smiled to herself, knowing that it wouldn't have mattered, door open or closed. Albus definitely knew she was there. Case in point, Albus said, "Remus was dropping by some things I requested of him and he left this, asked me to give it to Lydia. Is she in?" Lydia sat up slightly, nervous. She could almost feel Severus's teeth grinding as he considered what to say and do. Would he accept it and toss it in the flames before she had a chance to read it? "She's quite tired," Severus finally said, tightly. "She may have even fallen asleep. She was about to when you knocked." "Oh, I see," Albus said, almost sounding like that knowing smile. She could just picture it. "Well, be sure she gets it when she wakes, will you? Have a good night, Severus." Severus grunted his response, and she heard the door close. She held her breath, wondering if he would be holding the note when he entered. It took quite some time for him to enter, but he did, in fact, have it in hand when he did enter, turning it over thoughtfully as though he still might turn right around and destroy it. "May I have it, please?" she asked, watching him with a nervous feeling in her belly. His dark eyes turned to her, his fingers still holding the note. "Please?" she pressed. His jaw tightened slightly, but perhaps he was still feeling apologetic for earlier in the day. He did pass her the letter, and her fingers felt the surprising lightness of the parchment in her hands. It wasn't a letter proper, and when she opened the seal, she found only a relatively few words, unceremoniously written without even a cursory greeting. Lydia, I've recalled now what it was about Priam Carman. It's probably nothing, but I was acquainted with his late wife. It was during the war, and Priam was over here doing some small things for Albus. Anyway, she was about our age at the time, maybe twenty-three at most. I just remember she was this small, pale, anxious-looking, sickly little thing. She was probably pretty in her youth. They both said she was sick all the time, and she died not long after I met her. She was one of his students, before they married. Of course, there were rumors, but as Priam had said, there were always rumors when a teacher married a former student. Probably nothing, but that was what I couldn't remember before. -R Lydia turned over the note, half-expecting there to be more. She frowned, passing the note to a mildly surprised Severus. He read it, hummed, and passed it back to her without a word. He changed into his pajamas and climbed into bed beside her, but Lydia couldn't close her eyes, because even when she blinked she could see that bloody awful crystal that Severus had destroyed. "I'm worried she said, looking at the note again." "Lupin even said it was probably nothing." Couldn't he feel it? That horrible sensation of foreboding, that terrible sensation of cold and tightness that filled her chest? She could feel the heaviness of sleep in her limbs, but she could taste a sweetness on her tongue that didn't belong there. She was afraid of falling asleep. What if she woke up and ended up in the forest? "Lydia?" he asked, frowning at her. "You've gone pale. Are you alright?" "I'm so cold," she whispered, and he blinked, pressing his hand to her forehead. "No," he said. "You're fine. Perfectly normal. Lydia, look at me." She did, looking up at his eyes, half expecting him to use Legilimency on her. Instead, he checked her pupils. He felt her pulse rate. "You're not ill," he said, muttering more to himself than to her. "But…something's wrong." "I can't stop seeing…" She trailed off and shook her head, unable to express all the things she was seeing and feeling. She could almost feel cooling, thick, slippery blood on her hands. "I need a shower." "Lydia." She wasn't listening. She got out of bed. She peeled off her clothes as she was going into the bathroom. She put toothpaste on her toothbrush and she stepped into the shower, turning on the hot water. Two birds with one stone. The water was scalding, but Lydia didn't notice, she was just trying to feel clean and warm and even sane again, and when Severus came in to see what she was doing, his eyes widened with alarm. "Lydia, you're going to burn all your skin! Look at yourself!" She did look at herself, and she saw that her skin was terribly red, and even possibly blistering on the tops of her feet. Severus quickly turned off the water, which startled her with the sudden coldness. He wrapped her up in a towel as she spluttered protests through toothpaste, and he led her to the sink to rinse her mouth. The taste of the toothpaste didn't remove the sickeningly sweet taste that settled just underneath it, and Lydia felt an urge to cry, but she couldn't. She was mildly surprised when Severus lifted her off her feet and carried her in to their bed, examining and treating her skin as she stared at the ceiling, almost willing herself to cry. Why wouldn't the tears come? What was wrong with her? "There," he said after an undetermined stretch of time. "What is this all about, Lydia?" She continued to stare at the ceiling as he brushed sopping wet, warm hair off her face. He caressed her cheek with that same finger, and she wished all the harder that she would cry just so something would make sense to her. "I don't know," she said feeling a deep heaviness in her limbs. "It's like…like something is connected to something else and my body is trying to tell me and I don't know what it is. And I don't want to sleep, Severus. I feel so afraid to sleep." "Dreams?" "I don't know," she said, wanting to close her eyes but afraid to do even that. He slipped under the covers and carefully pulled them over her healing skin before saying, "Then I'll stay up with you until you can't stay up anymore." She should have felt relief, but even that was missing as he kissed her face and pulled himself close to her. A/N: So…back! :D Sorry for the super-long delay. But I've finished student teaching. I have a probable job lined up. I'm on break. I'm knocking things off my to-do list, and this was near the top. Want to keep it near the top at all times? REVIEW. :D Review Prompt: What do you think Severus was thinking when Lydia was going slightly nutty? Write his inner dialogue, if you feel you're up to the challenge. ;) -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to relatively new reader, . Enjoy (I hope)! -C Lydia had to work on her birthday, but she didn't mind. Work was a way out of her own head, which had been increasingly troubling of late. Severus couldn't understand what was wrong, and Lydia really didn't understand what was wrong, either. It just seemed like everywhere she turned, a dark shadow was over her shoulder. After teaching, she stayed in her office to do her marking, and when she felt she could do no more work she decided to pack up her things and go to see how Severus was faring. Lydia had just put her last sheaf of papers into her bag when there was a knock on her door. For a moment she held her breath, wondering if she just pretended not to be in if the student in question would just go away. But then, if they were to see her leave…. Or if it were Severus at the door…. "Enter," she said, trying not to look too regretful that she had a visitor outside of her usual hours. After all, exams were coming. Her eyebrows raised, however, when a rather sheepish-looking Remus walked into the room. "Oh," she said, smiling as she stood to greet him. "Oh, I wasn't expecting…" "Sorry," he said, his eyes falling on her packed up bag. "I won't take much of your time. I just…wanted to wish you happy birthday in person, for once." "I'm in no rush, really," she said, forgetting her reluctance to answer the door as she smiled at him, as she took in the look of his eyes, the new scars just above his left eyebrow, the increase of gray hairs. How is it that when Severus aged about two months, Remus aged two or three years? "It's good to see you." He sighed, smiling and pulling a little package out of his coat. "It's not much, I'm afraid," he said, watching her take it. His eyes looked uncommonly bright, and it actually worried Lydia, although she hoped she didn't show it. "Just something I…I thought you might like. You're hard to shop for." "Am I?" she said, laughing nervously. "I've never thought I would be. I just…just love things you give me. I don't think I've ever…. I'm not high maintenance, am I?" "No, no," he said, eagerly, leaning in closer. No, his eyes were almost glowing, but not with passion, per say. Just so bright. "No, you're not. It's just…I always want to find the perfect thing, and that's difficult, you know?" She nodded, feeling slightly breathless as she turned her attention to the package. Quickly but precisely, she unwrapped the gift and opened the little cardboard box it was in. A kind of a paperweight was her first thought, lifting the small little trinket and turning it for a better look. She realized it had the markings of being hand-crafted, and a small initial on the bottom. Perhaps a mantelpiece decoration? "My father made it," Remus said, shuffling closer. "Years ago, he…. Well, I haven't much use for it, and I thought you might appreciate it." The swirling colors of the paint, the delicate scooping lines on the sides…. It really was lovely, even if Lydia couldn't decide what it was. She was about to thank him when she looked up and was met with his lips crashing into her lips. For a brief moment she was stunned, and she managed to put the gift on her desk behind her when his hands worked up her neck to hold her face. Then she began to hope, increasing pressure to his lips, letting her hands rest on his chest as she wondered if perhaps she'd fallen asleep at her desk, and whether this was a dream. His lips parted and he tilted his head slightly and she could taste the alcohol on his breath as he nudged her mouth open slightly. Lydia closed her eyes, uncertain what she should do. If this were her drunk, she'd not care if he took advantage of the moment (although she knew he never would). She'd be so euphoric when she sobered that it wouldn't matter. But Remus, when he sobered, he might mind, and so with great effort she pulled away from the kisses. His eyes looked almost wounded and she felt an urge to kiss him again, but she thought quickly of a way to save him from his drunken self without hurting him in the moment. "I…I have to get some work done," she said apologetically. "And if I stay here I…." Words and breath escaped her at once as his rough fingers traced the curve of her neck. She desperately wanted to take back those words, to let him kiss her again, but he nodded sharply and took a step back with a tight smile. "Of course," he said. "I'll write you. Perhaps we could…. I'll write you." He left before she found her voice again, which was probably for the best, she thought, hoisting her bag over her shoulder. If Severus noticed the smell of Remus on her, he said nothing. He had been treating her delicately since her small meltdown, and he'd been especially kind all day. He poured her a glass of wine and relaxed with her that evening without any hint that he was bothered about anything, and he even read to her from one of her favorite textbooks. When she grew too sleepy to function, Severus even helped her to bed and tucked her in. She was about to say something about what happened with Remus. She didn't feel she owed him anything, but somehow she still wanted to explain, but Severus pressed a finger to her lips and told her that she just needed rest and nothing she wanted to say was so important that it couldn't wait. In the morning, she wouldn't want to tell him, and she thought he probably knew that, so she rolled over and fell asleep. In the morning, well after breakfast had begun, she found two notes on the pillow, one from Severus and the other a letter. Lydia sighed sat up to read the note from Severus first. Lydia, This arrived for you at breakfast. You have not slept properly in some time, so I decided to let you sleep. I have some time-sensitive things to brew, so if you have not woken before I return, accept my apologies. You are welcome to join me, if you so choose. -S She smiled to herself, setting it aside, deciding she would choose what she was going to do after she finished the letter from Remus. Setting aside the note, she broke the seal and opened the letter. Lydia, Although I am ashamed to admit it, and although you probably have guessed, I remember very little of my visit to you on your birthday. I do hope you liked the gift, and I hope that I didn't make an arse of myself. If I did, apologies. It would be good for us to see each other at some point, if that wouldn't be too much trouble. I would like to see you without…forgetting it. Let me know what your schedule looks like. I know it's a very busy time of year for you. I eagerly await your owl. -Remus Well, it was better than she'd expected, although not what she had hoped for. Lydia wondered with a sharp stab of pain in her chest if she shouldn't perhaps stop hoping altogether. It might hurt less if she stopped hoping for some kind of results. Every step forward was accompanied by a sharp step back. Still, this wasn't so sharp. Perhaps a little if he was lying and really did remember, but she preferred to think that he didn't. Uncertain of when she could realistically see him again, she chose not to write back right away, and she set the letter aside. It didn't matter if Severus saw it. Nothing of note was really in it. After dressing and sorting out her hair, Lydia dragged herself to Severus's brewing laboratory, where he was finishing off stoppering a set of freshly filled bottles and vials. He did not look up when she entered, but before she could announce herself he said, "Did you sleep well?" Lydia smiled to herself as she watched him work. Severus could have so much focus and still spare a thought for her and her well-being. It took incredible strength of mind for that. "I think so," she said, sitting beside him as he set the labeled bottle down and turned his attention to her. "Are your hands clean?" "Yes," he said, and she took his hands in hers, kissing them before leaning forward to kiss him. Severus paused for a moment before responding to the kiss. She knew he was wondering about Remus's letter, trying to decide what this kiss meant was in the letter. She didn't care. It didn't take long for him to succumb to the kiss, perhaps deciding that it didn't matter in the end. He nudged her lips open and she had a strange flash of being kissed by Remus before she pushed it out of her mind and focused on Severus. Of all the things with Sirius, regardless of what he was, the most wicked thing she'd ever done was imagine Remus while she was with Sirius, and Severus didn't deserve that indignity. He deserved her attention in the moment, especially when he was being so patient for her. Severus seemed to forget his hesitations as well, his hand at her neck pulling her closer. She could almost feel the energy off his skin as he pulled her closer. Lydia had a crazy idea as she pulled away from the kiss, and his dark eyes searched hers without any hint of what he was thinking. "We've never…." She shrugged, looking around her lab. "Here?" he asked, mildly surprised. "You do know the kinds of things I keep here, Lydia." "I also know you keep an impeccably clean lab," she said, tracing her hands up his chest and watching his breathing change. "And I know that nobody would dare disturb you here." He hummed, watching her eyes as her fingers traced the top of his collar teasingly, and she waited, patiently, for him to snap. And snap he did, pressing his lips to hers hungrily and letting his hands go straight for the clasp of her robes, although he fumbled with it. Lydia responded eagerly to the kiss, carefully and calmly undoing the buttons of his shirt before unclasping his robes, letting them slide of his shoulders. Severus groaned into her mouth as her hands returned to the buttons, and she was almost dizzy with breathlessness. Lydia allowed him to carry her to a nearby bench, laying her back on it. She thought to herself how surprising it always was, how strong Severus actually was. He looked thin and even a bit spindly like his writing, but he had incredible lean strength for his size. That thought was pushed out of her mind with a vengeance as Severus bean to kiss and suck the sensitive skin of her breast. Her hands fumbled with his belt as he worked, and she had no thoughts at all for an hour or two except how much she needed him. They dressed, he stored his work, and they went back to their quarters, where Lydia felt a strange sense of being watched that she'd not been able to shake for weeks. She said nothing, and when her shoulders tensed Severus noticed but did not ask. Instead, he poured her some tea, and she watched him put a few drops of a mild sedative in it. Lydia did not object, almost wishing he would have put in a bit more. "I need to go into London next week," she said, resting her head on his shoulder as he handed her the tea. "I have to see my publisher. Do you need anything while I'm there?" "I'll make up a short list," Severus said before smoothing her hair and telling her she should get some rest. Lydia struggled to get rest, and throughout the week she continued to struggle. By the time she got to the weekend, walking down Diagon Alley toward her publisher's office, she was exhausted, physically and emotionally. This wasn't her preferred way of dealing with the idiots in publishing, but she didn't have much choice. Even putting off the meeting couldn't guarantee a few nights' quality sleep. She didn't have to wait when she checked in, but was ushered straight back into her publisher's office, where he was looking at prints from someone else's book. Lydia was mildly annoyed that he didn't have her work out and ready to discuss, but she certainly wasn't surprised. He was the best at what he did, but he had absolutely no tact. "Lydia," he said, smiling but not looking up at her. "Have a seat." He gestured at the chair she always sat in, and she settled herself in it, looking at him as he finally set down the prints and brushed them to the side. He stood, grabbed her file from the shelf, and opened it up to reveal the preliminary prints they'd done for her next book. She'd seen small versions of them, but it was so difficult to tell anything of importance from prints the size she'd been sent. With veiny, fleshy hands he spread a couple of prints out across his desk for her consideration. "This is what we have for the layout," he said, "as of the moment. I'm not certain I like the bolding on the typeface for the captions, but perhaps you don't mind?" "No, italics are fine on their own." He nodded, scribbling that down on a little scrap of parchment as she looked over one of the prints, trying to decide what she thought about the font size and the style of the page numbers. They had argued about the page number style the last time they talked, and she saw that he'd gone with his choice. Her contract said that she would have the final say on all decisions, but obviously he wanted a chance to prove her wrong. "Stanley, I hate the numbers," she said, gesturing to the one on the page she was looking at. "The fours are almost illegible." "They're page numbers. Four comes after three. I think if they're reading an Arithmancy text, they can determine that simple bit of ordinal numbering." She inhaled and closed her eyes, wishing she had just put her foot down more strongly the first time. But now that she had less sleep, now that she was irritable, perhaps he would understand her point. "Yes," she said, digging her fingernails into her palms. "But when you open the book in the middle of the forties and you're not sure if you're in the forties or the nineties, it makes a difference. The point of page numbers is for quick and simple reference, not to look fancy." His jaw worked, annoyed, but she ignored this motion. He knew she was right, and that was the important thing. She saw him scribble a note about the page numbers, and he directed her eye to what he thought was the next order of business, which was the size of the headings. Because Lydia could see nothing wrong with the size of the headings, she immediately began scanning the page for whatever it was he was trying to distract her from. They went back and forth like this for nearly an hour, and Lydia felt even ore exhausted than when she'd arrived, but she felt more confident about the work than she had when she woke up that morning. She took her leave of him and his stuffy offices, and stepped back into the bustle of Diagon Alley, determined to hit the apothecary before it closed for lunch. She was nearing the apothecary when she saw a man dart out of it, brushing past her and not pausing to apologize. She turned to see if it was someone she recognized so she could mention it to Severus, and her jaw dropped with surprise. "Remus!" she called after him, slightly breathless. At first he didn't stop, so she called out again, louder. He froze, obviously hearing her, turned to look at her, and his nostrils flared before he turned and hurried off again. She closed her eyes and sighed, realizing, recognizing, that he was at the low point in his cycle. She should never have expected that he couldn't hear her, she thought bitterly, walking into the apothecary. His hearing was better than any full human. He always heard her. Just like he'd absolutely seen her, she thought, checking Severus's list. Remus saw her, wanted to avoid her, and made the clumsy mistake of bumping into her on his way out, or she might never have noticed him. She felt her stomach tighten as she wondered what this awkward exchange would mean in the future, but she tried to push it out of her mind. Nothing had changed. Nothing was new. She gathered the few ingredients Severus had needed, haggled over the pigeon livers to get them nearly half the market price, and she hurried back to the castle. Severus examined the ingredients and asked how her day had been. Thankfully she had plenty of stories about her publisher's incompetence that she didn't need to mention running into Remus. She had a feeling Severus could tell that something more was bothering her, but as usual lately, he said nothing. He made them tea – this time without the sedative – and he read to her from the latest copy of the Potions journal he had delivered monthly. Lydia had never cared for most of the articles, but he found them more useful than her work, and she liked the way his voice sounded as her head rested on his lap and his fingers ran through her hair. A/N: I'm gettin' with it. Trying to keep the chapters flowing as well as possible! So, for those of you who were aware of the stampcards, the Summer Solstice winner of the stampcards that myself and MissRoseAlanaHorton are running (see my profile or message me for more details) was gr8rockstarrox. Want to win cool prizes like spoilers, dedicated one-shots, and free copies of my original work? Review, review, review! This story, Unknowns, and MissRoseAlanaHorton's The Dark Lord's Rose to earn stamps, fill stampcards, and earn places in drawings that happen quarterly. You have until the autumn solstice to fill some cards and earn some entries! Review Prompt: Thoughts on Stanley the silly publisher? -C
The summer sun was already hot by the time exams began, and it grew hotter, Lydia thought, by the time they were finished. She had a note from Tonks that said she wanted to meet with Lydia when she had a moment, but Lydia knew she wouldn't have one until she finished with exams, and even then it would be better until she finished marking. Tonks had said it was fine, it could wait, and they set a time for Tonks to come by the day after exams ended. But here Lydia was, sitting in her office, and Tonks was twenty minutes late. Lydia told herself that teenagers had a different sense of time. They could be difficult to tie down, they could be forgetful, and Tonks had certainly not been herself of late. This did not make Lydia feel better, but simply made her feel a greater sense of crippling anxiety about the whole matter. She was about to go and find Tonks on the grounds, where nearly all the students were, when Severus entered her office without knocking, looking paler than usual. "What's wrong?" she asked. "Miss Tonks is not here?" he asked, looking around. "She was here?" "No, she's late," Lydia said, frowning. His eyes widened. "Severus, what's wrong?" He gestured for her to follow him and Lydia hopped to her feet, hurrying around her desk and out the door after him. Severus was not making an effort to walk at a pace that suited her, but rather taking advantage of his smooth, long strides to move quickly. When she got into a rhythm beside him, he began to explain in a low voice. "Miss Tonks was not at breakfast this morning. Before you argue, yes I know that it's not uncommon for the older students when exams are over, but it did not initially concern me. I assumed she would make it to your meeting without incident." "So what happened?" Lydia pressed. He explained that Charlie Weasley seemed distressed, and he interrupted a conversation between Severus and Pomona, asking if either had seeing Tonks, because they were supposed to have breakfast together before her meeting with Lydia, but she hadn't shown. Severus had suggested that perhaps she overslept, but Charlie's desperation and concern caused Pomona to check the Hufflepuff dormitories for her, and she was nowhere to be found. In fact, no one had seen her since dinner last night. "When I learned this, I hoped to find that she was at your office and could give some account for her whereabouts," he said as they turned the corner, "but now my suspicions are confirmed. And unfortunately, I have your werewolf to thank for the insight." "Remus?" Lydia said, puzzled. "What do you mean?" "Do you recall what he said about Priam's wife?" Lydia nodded. She remembered that he had said the woman had been a former student, and it had caused a bit of a stir. "Young," Severus said, "blonde, petite. A former student, in fact. He's been married twice, did you know?" "That sounds vaguely familiar," Lydia said. "What happened to the other wives?" As they took a passage between the sixth and third floors behind a suit of armor and through a door pretending to be a wall, Severus said that both girls had died relatively young – twenty-five – and under clouds of suspicion that never got resolved. "Tell me, Lydia, what makes Miss Tonks extraordinary?" "She has the ability to trip over air," Lydia said, sighing. "I don't know, Sev, what makes her extraordinary?" "You disappoint me," he said gesturing that she got first into the corridor, which she did. "She's a Metamorphagus, Lydia." "Yes." "So what kind of appearance has she been taking on lately?" Lydia realized with a sinking feeling that Tonks had gone blonde, thinner, almost younger in a sense, and she felt sick to her stomach. For someone who was desperate for his wife to look a certain way all her life, Tonks's rare ability would be ideal. "I should have seen her the moment she asked," Lydia said, feeling sick. "Not making her wait on my terms." "You didn't know." "I should have realized." "There was no reason—" "I should have known, Severus!" she cried, following. "Damn it, don't argue with me right now, I'm irrational." He said nothing as they rounded the corner to Priam's quarters, and Lydia knocked as Severus held his wand at the ready. When there was no answer, she gave Severus a questioning look, asking him without words what to do next. He nodded to her, and she unlocked the door with a tap of her wand, carefully easing it open, letting Severus enter first. "He's not in the front room," Severus hissed. Lydia took this as her cue to enter, slipping in and holding her wand ready, fighting the urge to light the candles about the room. Severus led the way into the bedroom, gripping his wand with incredible steadiness. Lydia held her breath as she followed him, wondering if this was how Lily felt, doing things for the Order during the war. The adrenaline rush was delicious, but the feeling of guilt kept Lydia from enjoying the chemical imbalance in her body too much. Tonks was not in the bedroom, either, nor was Priam. Lydia began looking on the bedside table for signs of where he might have taken her, but Severus was not done searching the quarters. "Check the wardrobe," he said, nodding to the wardrobe in the corner. She was just opening the doors of it, feeling her pulse in the base of her mouth, when she heard Severus gasp. In all the years she'd known him, Lydia had never heard Severus gasp, not even in sex. She whipped around and saw that he was hurrying into the bathroom, and she followed him. He held his hand up to keep her from moving forward, and he lit a candle on the vanity. Priam had one of the few bathtubs in the castle, and in it was Nymphadora Tonks, shivering, in a liquid the color of green tea, a bit more viscous than olive oil. Lydia was about to reach out to give Tonks a hand up, but Severus held his hand up to stop her, kneeling beside the tub. He dipped the tip of his wand into the liquid, swirling it slightly and muttering something Lydia couldn't hear. The fluid glowed gold for a moment, and Tonks's eyes grew wide with anxiety. "As I suspected," he said, frowning. "Go ahead, Lydia, it's harmless. A combination of oils and herbs that alchemists believed would cement a Metamorphagus in the appearance they currently hold for all their life." "So, she's…." Lydia held Tonks out of the tub as Severus turned around, waiting for Lydia to conjure a towel and help Tonks dry off and warm up. "No, it doesn't work," Severus said. "It was disproven in the seventeenth century by a highly skilled Potions Master in France who scoured the globe and found two willing subjects. Her talents will not be impacted in any way." Tonks seemed mildly relieved about this, as Lydia conjured her a bathrobe and helped her wrap it around her quivering body. "Why don't you take whatever form will make you more comfortable?" Lydia asked, smiling at Tonks. "I can't," Tonks said in a muted voice that almost didn't sound like the young girl Lydia had come to know. "M-my…. Stress. I can't…." Lydia nodded, understanding. She told Severus they needed to get her to Madam Pomfrey immediately, but he shook his head. "Take her to Albus," Severus said softly. "I'm going to wait here for Priam. He'll be meeting with the Head Boy and Girl. Send one of them for Poppy." Although Lydia's instincts told her to do it the other way, that Severus left to his own devices right now was probably a dangerous thing, she didn't want to fight with him in front of a student. So she ushered Tonks out to the front room, to the fireplace, and she sent Tonks through first, following after. As expected, the meeting was just winding down, but Bill was still there, and he looked at them with surprise and trepidation. "Bring Madam Pomfrey, Bill," she said sternly, and he nodded, rushing to do so. Then Lydia turned to Albus, who looked at Tonks with a frown and a small, resigned nod. Whether he wanted to think about it or not, Lydia realized, on some level he had known the kind of man he'd hired. Albus's weakness was wanting to believe in the best of people, but when he had no choice, he could stare the devil in the face. "Severus?" "Waiting in his quarters," Lydia said tightly. "I will wait here with Miss Tonks, Lydia. I am sure you have work to do." "But—" There was a kind of steeliness in his eyes that Lydia was not used to, and her stomach turned slightly. There was no arguing with those eyes, and Lydia didn't bother to try. She went back to her office, graded exam papers, and returned to Severus's quarters until it was time for the feast. Priam was not at the feast, nor was Tonks or Poppy, but Severus was there, and if she hadn't known the day he'd had Lydia would never have guessed that anything unusual had happened in his life. She hadn't seen him since taking Tonks out of Priam's bathroom, but anyone watching him greet her would have thought they'd not seen each other all day. He did not speak to her about the matter at the feast, not that she had expected him to. She clapped mildly as Slytherin once again won both the House and Quidditch Cups, as the seventh years were awarded for their various talents and achievements, particularly Bill Weasley, who was – in many teachers' minds – one of the most promising students in a very long time. She'd been pleased when he was accepted into Gringotts' Curse-breaker program, which would lead to an exciting and lucrative career path in exotic corners of the earth. He'd told her yesterday that he was going to be placed in Egypt to begin with. Lydia enjoyed her pride in his accomplishments, especially knowing that her reference had been critical in procuring his place in the program, but she could see that Bill was paler than usual, and his shoulders were stiff and tight as he accepted his praise for his accomplishments. His thoughts, like Lydia's, were certainly on the events of the afternoon, on what little he knew about what had happened to his brother's best friend and his part in trying to help her recover from the traumatic experience, even if it was only a very small part. With a horrible turning of her stomach, Lydia wondered whether Albus would ask Lydia to speak to Tonks's parents on the issue. She'd never known them especially well, but she recalled Andromeda Tonks vividly, how similar she looked to her insane sister, how her cold gray eyes looked so much like Sirius's, without the youthful sparkle the was in Tonks's, but similar enough to chill Lydia's blood. All these years later, she thought bitterly, and she was still afraid of Sirius's family, even when he was gone and the craziest ones were gone and there was nothing they could do to hurt her, even if they wanted to. When the feast was over, Lydia and Severus went straight to their quarters. They had planned to leave that night, and although Lydia assumed this was still their plan, she wanted to stay a day or two, at least stay the night and see if Tonks was better in the morning. Severus said nothing when they arrived back at their quarters, and he went through to the bedroom directly, unclasping his robes and sitting on the edge of the bed to unlace his shoes. Lydia walked through to the bedroom more slowly, watching his fingers work deftly, rapidly, with an almost hypnotic pace. She shivered. Severus's eyes fell on her. She could tell from the intensity of them on her skin, and she knew he was wondering if she was having another episode of…whatever it was that had been troubling her lately. "What did you do to Priam?" she asked softly as he kicked off his second shoe, his dark socks hitting the floor as he crossed to her. He lifted a hand to touch her face, but she took a step back. "What did you do, Severus?" "Does it matter?" he asked softly. She inhaled sharply and said, "It does if you want me to share a bed with you." Lydia lifted her eyes to his gaze she found it terrifying and chilling that she could see no emotion in them. She could recall with almost perfect clarity how her hand had felt against his, his fingers curling over hers to show how much they had grown, how much closer he was to strangling his father. "I could show you," he said, his voice dull and strange, almost distorted as she took another step back. She slipped to the floor. Or did she? Was that now, or was that a memory? Severus grabbed her by her upper arms and pulled her to the bed, carefully sitting her on it as he looked down at her. She almost asked him for a sedative, but she didn't want to worry him. "Please don't," she whispered, scooting back on the bed and resting her feet on the edge, hugging her knees to her chest. "It was nothing he didn't deserve, Lydia." "Albus knows?" "Of course he does," Severus said softly. "I strongly suspect it's why he hired Priam." She felt sick to her stomach and wanted to scream. In her mind she drew a line. Albus setting things up that put a teacher in danger was something she could accept as fact, no matter how angry it made her. But knowingly putting a student in that kind of horrific danger? She couldn't accept that; she couldn't believe that Albus would do that. But he did probably know whatever Severus did, and probably told Lydia to go to her office and go about her day to keep her from seeing any of the unpleasantness associated with it. Which Severus probably appreciated. In a small way, Lydia did as well. "Lydia, I have done all kinds of things you don't really want to know about," Severus finally said, sitting beside her. He seemed encouraged when she didn't move away from him, and he moved a bit closer, putting an arm behind her back for balance as he leaned close to her and lowered his voice. "Is it really so different, this?" "That was during a war," she whispered, closing her eyes as he leaned close enough that she could feel his breath on her cheek. She'd forgiven Sirius for the killing during the war eventually, as well, although afterward she wished she hadn't. "You killed Dalia." She opened her eyes quickly, the moment she began to see that horrible crystal turning in firelight. She shivered again. Severus whispered her name, and she could almost imagine she heard the concern in his voice. "I…she was going to kill you." Severus said nothing for a long, long moment. More than a moment. She didn't count her labored breaths between her words and his, but they were numerous. "When I saw her in that bath, trembling and afraid…. In many ways I know it's ridiculous, but I saw you at her age. Even when you were at your strongest, you were brittle, Lydia. And Miss Tonks is a strong girl, but this…. This is something that no one should have to suffer. There was a look in her eyes that reminded me of how you looked when…when you…." He swallowed and closed his eyes, and Lydia frowned, realizing finally why he'd done what he'd done. With a trembling hand she touched his cheek, and he took this as her capitulation, pressing his forehead to hers. "Can we leave tomorrow?" she asked. "I…I want to make sure she's alright before we leave." "Of course." She could hear "anything" in his tone, and she felt a strange rush of affection as she moved her head so that she could press a kiss on his cheek. He pressed another kiss to the corner of her mouth. They readied for bead and she curled up beside him, going over the checklist in her mind of things that they needed to make sure they brought home with them. Anything to keep herself from sleep while her mind was in this state. Of course, the longer she stayed away, the more terrible things that came across her mind's eye. She did not calm until she crept out of bed in the middle of the night, unlocking Severus's cabinet and uncorking the calming draught and dropping a couple of drops carefully onto her tongue. She recorked it, placed it in the cabinet, and swallowed to let the potion begin to work. Several deep breaths later she felt her muscles relax, but she couldn't get rid of that terrible sensation that she was being watched. Turning to the doorway, she found that Severus was not there. In fact, he was still fast asleep when she went back to bed, and whatever monsters were hiding under their bed, he was blissfully ignorant to them. In the morning, they found that Nymphadora Tonks was recovering well, and Albus assured Lydia that if that changed he would keep her apprised. With this in mind, and pointedly not thinking about the obvious elephant in the room, Lydia packed up the last of her things she would need and she went back to Spinner's End with Severus – a place she was well and truly beginning to think of as home. Almost as soon as she stepped out into the house, the house she'd been afraid of as a child, she felt a lightness in her chest and shoulders, as though by leaving the grate she'd left behind the monsters that kept her from peaceful dreams, waking and sleeping alike. A/N: So… some of you totally saw that coming, perhaps? Or variations of it? This chapter is dedicated to Superultrafangirl, whose reviews are always welcome, no matter when they come in. Cheers, love. Review Prompt: So, what do you think? Albus do this on purpose, or was it just a horrible accident of circumstances? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader and follower bad13. I hope you enjoy the chapter, and continue to enjoy the story moving forward. Also, special thanks to Andrea McCleary, who provided some of the inspiration for this particular Occlumency lesson. -C Lydia sat in Spinner's End with Severus, but "with" was perhaps too strong of a word for how they had been since he received the letter from Albus informing him that he – once again – had not been given the position of the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. She knew that when he was done sulking he would be ready to talk, and until then she focused on reviewing and tweaking her lesson plans. Finally, she looked up at Severus and said, "Can you look at this test curve, Sev?" He looked at her lazily, not moving closer, not saying a word, not even giving a nonverbal clue that he was at all considering her request. She frowned slightly, not sure if he was taking it worse, so she moved closer, holding out the parchment, and he took it from her without a word. His eyes scanned down the paper with that same lazy air, and she bit her tongue to keep from asking him what was wrong. "It's fine," he said, passing it back, not looking at her. "Fine?" she asked, puzzled. "Sev, the correspondence between the OWL and NEWT level students were—" "Perfectly normal," he said calmly. "The uptick in the level of expectations is too much for most people." Lydia refused to accept that, but she decided that she wasn't sure if now was really the time to talk with him about education. She would have to find another way in. She set aside her paperwork and said, "I'm making a cuppa. Do you want some?" He grunted, so Lydia went about making the tea. She'd felt a lightness since they got back to Spinner's End, but some kind of cloud seemed to settle over Severus the longer they were there, worse than she could recall in some time. She told herself it was nothing, but she didn't really believe it. As soon as the tea was done, she brought it out and was surprised to see Severus looking over her notes for changes to her curriculum. She paused in the doorway, blinking at the scene to make sure she wasn't imagining it. "Erm, did you need something?" she asked, setting the tea down before sitting beside him. She was surprised when he pulled her legs onto his lap before picking up his tea from the table. "No," he said softly, pressing his forehead to hers. "I simply thought it would be prudent to see what you were so worried about. Your students are adequately prepared, Lydia. You should not worry so much." "I think I worry by nature," she said, smiling weakly. "No," he said, frowning slightly. "You acquired it. But that doesn't matter. Thank you for the tea." Now, that had her worried. Lydia frowned slightly, looking up at his face, trying to look in his eyes, but as usual his face and eyes told her nothing. Sometimes she found it refreshing that she couldn't always know what to do or say by watching for Severus's reactions, but usually she just found it difficult. "Do you ever worry?" she asked, trying to get at whatever it was by another angle. She hit a nerve, anyway, because he paused, tensed underneath her, and she was surprised when he wrapped an arm around her waist. "I do not worry by nature," he said, not meeting her eyes, instead considering his tea. "However I find that I…I worry about you." Lydia frowned, looking up at him, wishing he would look at her, although she didn't expect to read anything in his eyes or expression. She asked him why on earth he would worry about her, but he didn't say anything for a long time, shifting his arm to hold her more tightly. "I have always worried about you," he said, setting down his tea and pressing his forehead to hers, not looking her in the eye, once again. "Even when I should have worried about myself first, I worried about you." She felt her pulse raising, and she wasn't sure why, and he traced her neck gently. Lydia closed her eyes reflexively. She could recall times when he would come to check on her, sneaking through the window, and he'd be bloodied and bruised himself – something her father never did – but he was always so concerned that she was alright. She sighed, wondering why she'd never thought about it that way. Perhaps she'd just always been thinking about something else. It seemed so obvious now. "I worried about you, too," she said, before holding her breath as he traced his fingers along her jaw. Lydia realized that somehow they'd gone from hardly speaking since he heard from Albus to Severus considering taking her to bed in the middle of the day. She was thinking about being in bed with him, not as they were last night, barely touching and hardly together, but with his arms around her, pressing kisses to her skin, attentive to every whim of her body. "Not like I worried about you," he whispered. "You worried about a lot of things." This was true, she thought. She worried about Lily with the whole mess with James. She worried about the war. She worried about her mother, even when she didn't want to. She'd worried about how to avoid Organza, worried about Mary when Mary's troubles came. Surely Severus worried about Lily, at least during the war. He'd been afraid for her – it was the whole reason he'd switched sides. But he'd probably spent many more years worrying about Lydia. There always seemed to be more things to worry about with Lydia, whose life was always such a mess, where Lily's was always so perfect and organized. She felt strangely torn between being drawn in to Severus at this realization and repelled from him and herself, him for his continued pedestal of Lily and her for the continued jealousy of her best friend. Before she could decide which sensation was stronger, and before Severus could act on their lips hovering so close together, the sound of a beak at the window, tap-tap-tapping caused Lydia to snap back from Severus, startled. He growled slightly under his breath, but she felt slightly deflated as he hurried to let the bird in, perhaps hoping to deal with whatever it was and go right back to where they were, but Lydia drew her knees to her chest, closing her eyes and thinking about the wedding, Lily and James so happy, Sirius laughing and kind and so in love with Lydia. Had it all been a lie, even back then? She hoped not. It had been one of the few truly happy days she could remember. Severus snorted when he took the letter from the owl, which took off without waiting for a reply. "Your pet wolf," he said bitterly, tossing the letter at her, watching her turn it over, the weight of his eyes on her. How strange, she mused, staring at the seal, that Severus had been about to kiss her, and then in swoops a letter from Remus. She ran her thumb along the seal, feeling Severus watching her. If she opened it now, in front of him, she'd be hard pressed to hide it from him later. But if she chose to open it later, what did that say about what she expected from the letter? What did it tell Severus, who had just expressed to her that she was important enough for him to worry about her? She almost looked up at him, but she was afraid of what would be in his eyes if she did. Her nail slid under the seal, the wax softening at the warmth of her hand, and she peeled it back slowly, letting the smooth parchment caress the pad of her thumb. Severus made a slightly impatient sound, and she wondered if he was more impatient to know what was in the letter, or to get back to where they'd been. A strange rush of tingling washed over Lydia, starting just below her navel and spreading out from there. It seemed to freeze her hand, and for the briefest of moments her eyes darted up to Severus on their own accord. He wasn't looking at her, and she felt slightly deflated as she looked back down at the letter, opening it and smoothing it out, her eyes relaxing at the familiar sight of Remus's script before they'd even read a word. A pang of nostalgia rose up in her throat as she thought of all those summers in school she'd spent agonizing over a letter or two that she would send to Remus, as if choosing the right words would change her fate, would pull them together like Lily always determined they would. Life had seemed so simple in those days, even if it had been horribly complex. Her eyes scanned the letter, which appeared to be written with a reasonably steady hand. The address was suitably formal, but not unfriendly. The letters were smooth and graceful, like the way Remus spoke. "It's an apology," she said softly, setting it down again and rubbing her hands along her arms. "He's…. It's an apology." "An inadequate one, no doubt," Severus said sharply, and Lydia closed her eyes, not wanting to feel smaller, but somehow feeling it keenly. He sat beside her again, touching her hands. She froze at the contact, her hands still beneath his fingers. "Let me burn it." He was asking, she realized, and she wondered vaguely whether he was asking because he had some ulterior motive for keeping her happy, or because he was finally respecting that it was her choice what she did with her letters. She held her breath, wondering, waiting for something. Severus pressed his forehead to hers and she could taste his breath again. His earlier words about worrying about her, this strange and sudden rush of affection and respect… "Alright." She heard the letter leave the table moments after his hands left her arms, and she swallowed as she waited for him to return, afraid of opening her eyes and asking him to stop when she actually saw him burning the letter. He came back to sit with her and kissed her temple lightly before allowing her to lean against him. "I'm sorry," she said softly. "What for?" "I…I don't really know." Severus said nothing, only petting her hair. Because she did know. She was apologizing for Remus interrupting their life, but not for being in love with Remus in spite of everything. And he knew exactly what she meant, but it was easier for them not to say it out loud. After she opened her eyes he asked if she wanted to go to bed for a while. It wasn't subtle and it wasn't smooth, but Lydia hardly cared, she let him lead her to their bedroom and they undressed themselves, getting into bed and letting him kiss the spot where her shoulder met her neck. She was surprised when he bit down gently, and how that shot of pain was also a shot of pleasure. She groaned, wondering if there was something normal about that reaction, or abnormal. Lydia decided it didn't matter as she let him kiss up her neck and she wrapped her legs around him relaxing as his cool hands began to caress her skin. She gasped as he reached her ear and tugged at the lobe with his teeth. She couldn't figure out what he was up to, but she liked it. She was just about to beg him when he buried himself inside of her. Lydia groaned with satisfaction at the sensation of fullness, which seemed heightened from the stimulation of her ear. She was stunned when she felt the room around her melting, felt her awareness morphing into Severus's awareness. She only noticed a hunger and desire that was not her own when it occurred to her that Severus was using Legilimency on her. Could he feel her emotions? Could he see her thoughts about this coming together? Her mind traced backwards, through their physical relationship, back through her life to Sirius, and she tried to train her thoughts away from the racing track they were on. She was in the bedroom she had shared with Sirius and he was kissing down her body, worshiping her skin, whispering his adoration between kisses as she struggled between discomfort at his words and pleasure at his actions. Lydia focused on different emotions, which was difficult as she felt Severus inside of her still. She was nervous, she felt nerves, and she was standing with Sirius at what she recognized as Lily and James's wedding. Sirius was saying something to her, but she was looking at Lily, thinking how beautiful she looked as James kissed her. A flare of anger that wasn't her own, a jealous rage, and then she felt Sirius's lips on her fingers and he said he wanted to get her home and Lydia felt a horrifying pain in her chest that she didn't have a word for. She felt dizzy and ill as she was back in their bedroom and Severus was pulling out of her, turning away from her, his breathing heavy and his eyes focused on a spot on the floor. "What the hell was that?" she said, trying to catch her own breath. "Your Occlumency lesson." "I gathered," she growled, sitting up. "That's not what I meant." Severus closed his eyes for a moment and she saw a small muscle in his cheek twitch twice. She watched him struggle internally before he said softly, "I don't like losing things that matter to me." Lily, Lydia thought, almost bitterly. He hated having to see Lily marry James. She made a sound of annoyance, hoping to express her frustration that she could let him burn a letter from Remus, but he couldn't let go of someone who was only a memory now. She pulled herself out of bed, wrapped the blanket around her body, and was about to leave the room when Severus grabbed his wand and locked the door with a sound like a snap. She jostled the knob slightly, although she knew it was no good. "Let me out," she said firmly, not turning to look at him. She heard him stand, heard the mattress shift as he got out of the bed. "Let me out," she repeated, feeling him come closer. "No," he said softly, his voice hard, but earnest. "Not yet." "Severus, I don't want to fight with you," she said wearily. "Let me out of this room." "No," he whispered, just behind her head. "Listen to me." Her shoulders stiffened, but she didn't move. "Do you think it's easy to see someone with somebody else? You've been very fortunate. Lupin never wanted anyone else." She balled her hands into fists and gritted her teeth, wanting to point out that she was with someone who wanted her best friend, but there was no way to make this better by striking back. He leaned in closer, his lips by her ear and he said, "Knowing that when I look into your mind, when I'm inside of you, it takes the smallest of pressures to spiral you back into thinking of that…that…." Sirius, she realized, horrified. He was upset that she'd thought of Sirius. While that seemed almost reasonable, she wanted to point out that she wouldn't have if it hadn't been for his prodding into her mind. But would she? She couldn't be sure what she would or wouldn't have thought, and she felt her shoulders fall slightly, not realizing the blanket she'd pulled around herself was loosening with this motion. Severus surprised her by wrapping his arms around her, and she swallowed, closing her eyes and trying to think how to make it right. Just as the most painful affront Lily could have ever done to him was marrying James, perhaps the worst thing Lydia had ever done to him was being with Sirius. But unlike Lily, Lydia wished she could take it back. She felt an ache in the base of her stomach as Severus pulled her closer and she whispered, "I can't change the past Severus." "I know." "And I don't have perfect control over where my mind goes, not like you." He hesitated, before kissing her jaw. "Not perfect," he finally said. "I have weaknesses like any man." The idea of Severus having weaknesses was somehow strange and almost disturbing to Lydia, although she knew it must be true. She toyed with asking him about this weakness, but Severus made it quite clear that he wasn't interested in talking as he tugged at the blanket, pulling it fully off her shoulders. He kissed her shoulders and then tugged it further down, kissing in the trail left by the blanket. She smiled at the strangely playful behavior and relaxed her muscles, letting the blanket fall, rewarded with a small, hungry sound from the base of Severus's throat. He shocked her by picking her up and tossing her onto their bed, and she looked up at him with astonishment, but if he saw her surprise he made no sign. Lydia leaned back, biting her lip as he began to kiss all over her body, teasing as he traveled from sensitive spot to sensitive spot, knowing her well enough now to work her to the edge of frenzy and just hover there, waiting for her to snap. She knew without asking that this was what he would do, but Lydia said nothing, simply feeling her body tense with anticipation, praying silently that he would stay in high enough spirits to make it last all day long. A/N: Review Prompt: Obviously Severus is a jealous man, but what is less fair, jealousy over her misguided mess with Sirius or jealousy over her misguided mess with Remus? -C
Lydia had a specific bliss in the last weeks before school returned, when her work was in order for the new term, Severus had come to terms once again with the fact that he would not be the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor once again, and she had her mind set on purchasing enough new parchment for her trunk to smell of it strongly. She sat, making their shopping lists, not based on which of them needed what, but rather on what would be the most reasonable use of their time. Lydia had no need of going to the Apothecary, but if she gathered quills and ink and parchment while Severus was getting his ingredients, they could meet up at the bookshop afterward with little time lost. It seemed perfectly reasonable to Severus as well, so he said if she wished to make the list, that was entirely up to her. "Is it done?" he asked, sweeping into the room in his smooth, swift way. She raised her eyebrows and said, without looking up, "Nearly. Your potion?" "Stewing for six hours." She perked up at this, frowning. "Six hours?" she said. "Sev, you'll have to deal with it in the middle of the night!" "Yes, I am aware," he said dryly. "I assure you, Lydia, we will still be awake." Her lips twitched as she finished writing the last word on his list. She set down her quill and stretched her arms, grateful to be able to press them in any direction she wanted after hours and hours of disciplined work on her equations before she took a break to work on the lists. Severus surprised her by leaning down and kissing her while she was stretching, which was a strange sort of sensation. A small laugh escaped her lips as he coaxed her into kisses, and she closed her eyes, allowing the momentum to flow between them. It was remarkable to recall now that there had ever been a time when they were halting or awkward or out of sync. Especially with how well they'd understood each other for as long as she could remember now, it only seemed right that their intimate interactions would be smooth and effortless as everything else. He coaxed open her mouth and bit gently on her lip before slipping his tongue into the kiss, which was something she'd never especially enjoyed, but something Severus seemed to especially enjoy, so she indulged him periodically. She let him explore her mouth as she traced her fingers along his neck, finding the high buttons on his collar, undoing them discretely almost to give herself something to do while he enjoyed himself. His body actually shivered when she traced her warm fingers along his throat under the collar of his shirt, which she didn't think had ever happened before, and she was tracing downward, about to undo another button when his hand snapped up and held her hand still. When he backed out of the kiss she wondered if he would be cross, but his eyes were strangely hazy and he simply squeezed her hand lightly before kissing her chin, her jaw, her ear. "As pleasant as this is," he said without any hesitation around that word, "We do have shopping to do." She hummed in acknowledgement more than agreement. "Perhaps if we shop quickly…" He'd not even finished speaking before she'd stood, swiping up the lists, handing him one, and telling him to hurry up and sort out his buttons or she'd leave without him. She knew he was smirking behind her, but Lydia really didn't mind. After the hell they'd gone through over the course of the last year, it was good to be a bit silly, careless, youthful. Lydia had to keep reminding herself that she wasn't all that old, because most days she felt as though she'd seen all that life could throw at her, but today she felt light, airy, blissful. "Something you're forgetting?" Severus asked, amused, as she slipped her coin purse into her pocket. Lydia frowned, not understanding, but he nodded downward, so she looked down. She had forgotten to put on shoes. Lydia snorted, going back toward the door to slip on the quickest pair of shoes she could find. They left for Diagon Alley shortly after that and went their separate ways after agreeing on a time and place inside Flourish and Blotts to meet. Lydia made a beeline for the parchment, taking a little basket and filling it nearly to the brim with fresh, wonderful parchment. She double-checked her list to be certain she didn't get too excited about the parchment and end up forgetting something either she or Severus actually needed. Severus needed more green ink, which she regarded with a small smile, and most of her better quills were shot, so she'd need a pack or two of those. Lydia worked her way methodically through the shop to see if there was anything else she should grab while she was here, although it was also in part because the shop had been reorganized since she was last here and she wasn't entirely sure where everything she needed was. She'd almost gathered her whole list and finished her perusal of the shop when she turned a corner without looking carefully and stepped on a man's foot quite awkwardly. "Oh, I'm so sorry," she said anxiously, looking up from her list to see none other but Remus's face. His mouth was open, likely to say very politely that it was nothing, but he seemed to also have frozen at the sight of her, just as she had at the sight of him. She felt heat rising in her neck as she thought of the apology he'd sent that Severus had burned, and then thought of how Remus hadn't written her since. Granted, she hadn't written back to him, either, but she still did think something was wrong with him writing her back. It was silly, she supposed, holding him to that standard, but she couldn't help it. It seemed that all her expectations were raising the longer she and Severus were…whatever they were. "Lydia," Remus finally said, before clearing his throat awkwardly. "You…look well." "Thank you," she said, tucking a bit of hair behind her ear. She supposed she was expected to say something about him, but he didn't look well. He looked exhausted, drawn, thin, with new scars chillingly right around his left eye. Finally, she cleared her own throat and said, "So you're…buying ink." She could have smacked herself for such a stupid thing to say, but his lips twitched slightly and he glanced down at their baskets. "You're buying quite a lot of parchment." She wanted to say how she loved parchment, but she remembered that he loved parchment as well, and she didn't want to bond over their love of parchment when things were still obviously so awkward between them. She shifted from foot to foot, realizing that his eyes were looking her up and down, perhaps trying to decide how well she really was. "I heard from Andromeda Tonks yesterday," he said softly, and she felt a shiver down her spine. She wondered how much contact he had with Sirius's family, even the seemingly sane ones. Because Sirius had seemed sane, too, and she still woke up in the middle of the night sometimes, afraid but unable to think why except remembering that Sirius Black ruined her life. "Oh?" "She says her daughter is recovering well," he said. "I…I thought you'd be…." He shrugged and she realized he must have asked especially for her. Not that she wouldn't see Tonks in a matter of days, regardless. "Right," Lydia said, awkwardly grabbing a third pack of quills from the shelf. "Good to know." He nodded, and she wondered why he'd run into Andromeda in the first place, but she didn't want to ask. The conversation was painful enough without prolonging discussion of the Black family. "Erm, I suppose you're school shopping," he said, as though this were something that would trigger a more interesting conversation. "Yes," she said, glancing at her watch. She'd be late to see Severus at the bookshop if she didn't check out soon. Remus noticed the gesture, obviously, and he deflated slightly, but merely said, "Well, I won't keep you. I'm sure you're…. I have some…. Take care, Lydia." "Bye," she said, before slipping past him heart pounding, not interested in checking that last aisle. She made her purchases, hurrying to Flourish and Blotts, finding the section on the use of marine animals in Potions, where Severus was already reading the cover of a book from the section with a slight frown. "Utter rubbish," he muttered, more to himself than to her, and she smiled awkwardly as he set it back on the shelf and looked at her. "Am I late?" she asked apologetically. "No," he said, not terribly short. Did he know she'd just run into Remus? Did he think she'd done it on purpose? They went about getting their books and making purchases at several places without any noticeable tension, and Lydia supposed she might have imagined the bulk of Severus's shortness. After all, Severus was just that sort of person. He spoke to everyone that way. When they went back to Spinner's End – she almost thought of it as going home – she had nearly forgotten seeing Remus, but Severus finally made a small comment that told her quite plainly that he knew. "How was your shopping?" he asked her. "Eventful?" "Not especially," she said nervously. "I bumped into Remus." "And?" "Not eventful," she said with a wince. "I…I think perhaps I'll make a risotto for dinner." "You don't have to," he said, but Lydia didn't answer, didn't really even listen. She made her excuses, asked if he wanted a cup of tea while he waited, and retreated into the kitchen to gather her thoughts. Remus really had looked poorly, and every time he had new scars on his face when she saw him, she felt a chill that actually caused her physical pain. How long had he suffered? His self-inflicted wounds took longer to heal than normal human wounds. Just like Lydia's easy bruising, Remus seemed to collect scars like stamps, but scars were the sign of a painful self-mutilation that Remus could not control. Bruises were just a sign of Lydia's clumsiness or, sometimes, Severus's passion. She felt almost selfish as she started making dinner, that she was living almost a normal life, that she'd managed to bounce back from virtually all of her pain and live a normal life, while Remus was unable to escape his torture. It would be there every time he looked in the mirror, a reminder every month, every transformation. Lydia hadn't realized she was trembling until she dropped a glass she'd been pulling out of the cupboard. A flash of panic filled her and as she closed her eyes she recalled breaking a teacup and Sirius yelling at her. She remembered throwing a bottle against a wall and collapsing. She felt suddenly weak and she sank to the floor just as the kitchen door opened. "Lydia?" he said, his voice full of concern and urgency. He must have seen the broken glass as she buried her face in her hands. He knelt beside her. "What is it?" he pressed. "What's wrong?" She didn't have words, she couldn't even decide for herself what was wrong much less tell him. Lydia just felt a heaviness, a weight she couldn't get rid of, like seeing Remus's eye, thinking of the past too much had brought it all back, starting small with the breaking of that teacup, but she wondered almost out of nowhere whether Sirius had known about Mary. Had he been one of them, even then? Had he forced her to see…. Why? Why would he do that? To comfort her, to earn his place as her protector? There was nothing special about her. But the Dark Lord wanted you, a nasty voice in the back of her head said. Severus said so. How long had he wanted you? You were published by then, you were someone. Perhaps it was all a ploy to make you dependent on Sirius, trusting in him. Perhaps you should have got out sooner. She shivered, hardly noticing Severus's hand on her shoulder. "Lydia," he said softly, "I'll do dinner. Why don't you go to the packing?" Packing. She rubbed her face brusquely, reminding herself that there was a lot of work to be done. She and Severus had to pack before they could move back in to their quarters at the school. Things to be done. "Please," she whispered. "What?" She didn't know, so she just held out her arms, and he helped her up, kissing her forehead gently when she was standing, still shaking. She decided not to touch any breakables. "Maybe you should just rest," he said, frowning as he touched her face, looking at her eyes, probably checking her temperature. "I need to do something," she argued. "I need…to be productive." He hummed his displeasure with her stubbornness, but he kissed her forehead again and she left the room, knowing he'd clear up the glass better than she could while she was trembling like this. Lydia focused her efforts on putting together their trunks, not that they couldn't pop back and get something they might have forgotten, but because she was determined to prove that she wasn't suddenly falling apart again. The nightmares had gone, and she didn't want to go back to them just because she ran into Remus. And it wasn't Remus's fault, she decided as she packed Severus's shirts, careful to keep them from wrinkling as she laid them in. It wasn't as though Remus mentioned Sirius, or pain, or loss. It wasn't like Remus mentioned much of anything. In fact, he'd tried to give her positive news about one of her students. It wasn't his fault that his scars were a horrible reminder, that Sirius's kin sometimes made her think of the poor choices she'd made when she was young. Younger. Whatever it was these days. She had nearly mentally relived everything back to the death of her parents and packed every scrap of their clothing apart from Severus's socks when he knocked on the door and her shoulders stiffened. "Dinner's just about ready," he said softly, stepping into through the half-open door. His eyes surveyed her work, but he said nothing of it. "How do you feel?" "I really don't know," she said, not looking up from his trunk. She'd meant to put something in it, but she couldn't recall what it was. Severus wrapped his arms around her waist and she rested against him. "I don't even think I could put it into words. I just feel…weary. And maybe a bit…." She searched for the right word, but Severus pressed his finger to her jaw for a moment. "Your pulse in racing," he said darkly. "Almost…. Lydia, this is too much. I want to give you a sedative." "Don't," she said firmly. "Lydia." "No," she said, pulling free from him and sitting on the foot of the bed. "I'm not being stubborn, Severus," she said, barely forcing herself to meet his eyes. "I'm trying to be practical. I feel so…down. So…heavy. A sedative would only make things worse, wouldn't it?" He hesitated, and she knew he was trying to decide whether she was telling the truth or not. He touched his fingers to her jaw again and said, "So why is your pulse still racing?" Lydia closed her eyes, touching his hand. She didn't want to tell him she was afraid, because she couldn't possibly voice what she was afraid of, and she didn't want to have him worry about her phantoms. She vowed to herself that she would tell him if it got out of her hands, but for now she couldn't make this his issue. "I don't know," she half-lied, and he sighed, kissing her forehead, then the tip of her nose. "Tea," he said. "I'll get you some tea, then. Would that be alright?" She agreed. Tea was always the right choice. He kissed her temple, then her forehead again, and said he'd make her a cup right away. When the door closed behind him, she opened her eyes, frowning around at the trunks and open cupboards. She'd forgotten something she'd been meaning to pack, and she had to remember it before she went down to dinner. It wasn't actually urgent, she just felt she really ought to, so she sighed, running through her mental list of things that had needed to be packed in the first place, not wanting to forget anything important. Shirts, trousers, dresses, skirts, robes, underthings… She sighed, rubbing her hand into her forehead, before she decided to take her own pulse, curious at just how fast it was. Raised, yes, she decided, but she wouldn't have called it racing. Probably Severus interrupted her thoughts in time to calm her suitably. He did have that effect on her, when they weren't fighting. But what was she forgetting? "Lydia?" he called from downstairs. "It's ready. And your tea is cooling." "Be right down," she said, feeling a small frantic little rush as she tried to think. What, what, what? "Socks," she muttered, sighing. "It would have to be socks." She hurriedly shoved their socks in the trunks before rushing down the stairs, smiling at the sight of Severus carefully setting her tea by her plate. She crossed to him, wrapped her arms around his neck, kissed his cheek. "Feeling better already?" he asked, obviously disbelieving in spite of pulling her closer. "A bit," she said happily. "Listen, why don't we finish the packing together, after dinner? Might go faster." "We might get in each other's way," he said, kissing the top of her head and holding her more tightly. "I don't mind if you don't mind." A/N: Lydia is still struggling with whether she wants Remus enough for that pain to be worth it, or whether Severus is right. I hope y'all don't give up on them as a couple yet! Yeah, they've got problems, though. Review Prompt: Something is still very wrong with Lydia. How long until she lets him worry about her properly? -C
A pair of young Weasleys, Lydia mused, taking off her shoes after the feast. Severus was folding down the duvet in the other room, asked if she wanted another of his pillows because hers were not at their usual standards of fluff. She told him she'd be fine, and rubbed her temple, trying not to think of who those twins reminded her of. But it was impossible. James and Sirius, strutting into the castle on the night of their feast, eighteen years ago, confident the world would be impressed by them, ready to leave a trail of destruction in their wake. She closed her eyes and could see so plainly the wink Sirius had given her when he introduced himself. Lydia, who had been terrified she would fail to show enough magic when she was Sorted, had only managed to stutter out her own name, which he'd thought hilarious. Perhaps she should have known then, she though bitterly, before forcing herself to think about how the Weasley twins had Charlie's build, compact and almost stocky, without the air of responsibility Bill had. She quickly changed for bed and slipped under the covers beside Severus. When he turned out the light, she curled up beside him, closing her eyes and praying for exhaustion to overtake her at last. It seemed she had only just managed to close her eyes when…. Lydia was walking, perhaps running, through the halls of Hogwarts. She was barreling along a corridor, but she couldn't feel her feet propelling her. A familiar kind of stench, one she couldn't put a name to, filled her nostrils as though something were sitting on her face, but she could feel nothing there, and she could not lift her arm to check. She felt paralyzed, but onward she ran through the corridor, down the stair. In the entrance hall, a circle of boys – no, men now – were chanting something she couldn't hear clearly. She wanted to turn and run back, but she had no control of her limbs. She could see pieces of faces in the shadow of hoods, pieces she recognized without daring to think of the names. But one face, one face had lifted his hood and was smirking right at her, self-satisfied, so bloody superior. She felt as though she should be frozen to the spot, truly paralyzed. Sirius stretched out his hand to her and she could see the Dark Mark on his arm where the sleeve fell away, ugly and burning black. She felt connected to him, although she didn't remember taking his hand. She simply knew she had. "Come, my love," he said in a strange, echo-y voice. He led her to the staircase down toward the dungeons, toward where her whole life was now, and although she begged herself not to follow him, she did. A figure almost floating, if not for the rope securing the corpse to the beams. Blood drip, drip, dripping off Mary's toe's. Sirius laughed, and Lydia wanted to scream, she was supposed to scream, but she couldn't make a sound, like something was covering her mouth, stopping the horrified noise, and then she realized Sirius was strangling her. Lydia sat bolt upright, breathing heavily. Severus hadn't moved beside her, his hand still on her leg, his eyes shut peacefully. She brushed sweat off her brow with her forearm. Then she used the same sleeve to dry the back of her neck. That same scent seemed to be lingering lightly in the room, but she couldn't be sure it was real. She didn't trust her imagination anymore. Lydia toyed with waking Severus, telling him about the dream. But he would insist upon medicating her, and it was probably nothing. Her fault, really, for letting herself think of Sirius before going to bed. Her fault for not being more carefully in control of her mind. What would he think of her if she told him how poorly she was obviously taking his lessons? Very carefully, she extracted herself from him, waiting to see that he was still asleep before slipping out of bed and carefully padding to the bathroom. She lit the room as soon as the door was closed, checking every crack and crevice for she knew not what. She sat on the cool stone floor and tried to think of innocent things from earlier in the night, things that would calm her conscious and unconscious minds. She'd had trifle for pudding. Nymphadora Tonks tried to start a food fight that was summarily turned down by her peers, but she seemed otherwise in good spirits. Minerva had commented on the resilience of youth and Lydia had wanted to throw something, but otherwise, a victory on that point. The new Defense Professor, Quirinus Quirrell, seemed a polite kind of man. He'd never taught the subject before, and was actually trained in Muggle Studies, but he took an open post where he found it, and his NEWTs had been passing marks. This was what he'd told Lydia at dinner, anyway, and Lydia hadn't been terribly surprised when Severus had briefly called Quirrell's lack of training an affront. "He's already planning a sabbatical," Lydia argued. "He wants to learn more. That's got to count for something." The two were unable to discuss the matter beyond that because she knew Severus was still raw from yet another year of not having the post. She closed her eyes and rested her head on the cool stone wall. Classes in the morning, she told herself sternly. She would need to be rested. No sense letting something small like a nightmare keep her from resting. But every time she tried to close her eyes, even in the safety of the closed bathroom, she couldn't stop seeing Mary's blood dripping to the floor, or feeling the phantom of Sirius's fingers wrapped around her throat, squeezing. When Lydia woke in the morning, Severus in the shower, not having woken her, she half expected to find bruises on her throat, but it was clean, pale as usual. If Severus had been concerned to find her slumped against the bathroom wall, he said nothing, and they went about their usual school-time routine without any added fuss or bother. Lydia's first class today was the third year new students, from all different Houses. A Ravenclaw with curly hair that Lydia recognized as Miss Clearwater – Penelope, the roster said. And another Weasley, she thought, smiling as she finished taking role, having marked Percy present. They were all listening carefully, but Percy's attention might have been described as rapt. "Good morning," she said, resting on her desk without sitting on it. "Welcome to Arithmancy. I'll say right now that while I try to make this course enjoyable, Arithmancy isn't a course where you can fool about and expect a good time and a grade, so if that was what you were hoping for, I suggest looking into changing your schedule as soon as possible." No one in the room batted an eyelash. Perhaps they'd heard about the course already from older students, or perhaps they assumed that because she was friends with Severus, she would also be hardline. It was a surprisingly common misconception. "Good, now," she said, about to start outlining what exactly Arithmancy was, when Miss Clearwater's hand shot into the hair, highly self-assured. "Oh," Lydia said, smiling. "Yes, Penelope?" Penelope's nose twitched to be addressed by her first name, as almost no teachers did apart from Lydia. This did not deter the girl from her path, though, and she asked, "Is it true, Professor Rowe, that you created six of the primary theorems on the NEWTs and three on the OWLs?" Eyes widened and Lydia felt slightly suffocated and uncomfortable. "Erm, yes," she said, forcing a continued smile. "I did." Percy's hand went up before she could gather herself, so she called on him. "Were you really the keynote speaker at the International Convention on Predictive Arithmancy?" "Yes," Lydia said, before biting the inside of her cheek. "Three years running?" "Yes," Lydia said, closing her eyes, briefly wondering why they didn't just pick someone else this year to give her a bit of peace, but at least her students were giving their undivided attention. "Why are you wasting time with us?" a boy in the back asked, sullenly. "You're an Arithmancy superstar." Lydia smiled a little to herself, really sitting on her desk now, recognizing an opportunity to deflect attention. "I'm flattered," she said softly. "But did you know Professor Flitwick was an international dueling champion six years in a row?" Eyes widened. "Professor Snape had a hand in either inventing or consulting on about a third of commonly used medical potions in use today. And I couldn't begin to name or recall even a sliver of the honors, awards, and distinctions Professor Dumbledore holds. I hardly think any of us would consider our time teaching as time wasted." Before someone could point out that Severus had – more than likely – said that the students were, in fact, a waste of his precious time, she hastily continued, "But when I was younger, just after the war, I wanted stability that didn't demand so much of me as what I'd been doing. I was writing a new essay a week to sustain myself, and if you know anything about essay writing – which you'll learn to the level of publication if you finish your NEWT program with me – it's not something that's meant to be churned out every week. I could do it, but at the exclusion of all else. My work and health were suffering. When the position came open, it seemed the best possible choice and here I still am." "Can I ask a personal question?" one of the pale girls from Ravenclaw asked, a friend of Penelope. Lydia nodded, although she knew if it were too personal, she wouldn't answer. "The older students say you and Professor Snape went to school together, that you've known him a really long time. Was he always so…creepy?" Lydia laughed, unable not to. She nodded slightly, thinking back to their first meeting, before Hogwarts, with his terrible and strange clothes, his super-pale skin and dark, greasy hair. She'd been terrified to meet him, and wouldn't have done at all except that her father insisted she meet the son of Eileen Prince. "Yes, he certainly was," Lydia said, smirking slightly. "If anything, I think he's mellowed with age, but you didn't hear that from me." She winked at them conspiratorially, and felt slightly nauseous as she recalled how Sirius always did that smirk and wink combination. "So," she said, redirecting back to her lesson. "Let's talk about what Arithmancy actually is." Her third year students were incredibly attentive, and when her sixth year students lined up and sat down in her classroom after lunch, she was mildly surprised to see Tonks there. "Professor Dumbledore arranged special dispensation for me to retake my exams," Tonks said brightly. "Prolonged emotional distress. Anyway, I made the mark, professor. You're stuck with me." "I'm delighted," Lydia said honestly, biting back that she only wished Tonks would or could change her eye color during Lydia's class. "Right," she said, looking around the room at her students. She smiled at Charlie, who grinned brightly. "You're about to begin what are quite honestly the most difficult two years of your lives. I won't beat around the bush. But if you apply and manage yourselves well, I fully believe you'll be equipped to do whatever it is you wish, provided you made the mark in all the necessary courses." A small chuckle. "Let's start out talking about the two-year project all of my NEWT students complete. You are going to develop you own theory about something in Arithmancy. Because it's a mathematics based field, the possibility for new discovery is limitless, and I will guide each of you personally through this project. What we're going to do today is ask each other questions given what we know, what we wish we knew, and how we might get there." The students were a wonderful mixture of delighted and terrified, which was precisely where they needed to be. When she arrived back at their quarters, Severus was tending to a large burn on his right arm, his robes peeled off and laying on the floor. She could see from where she stood in the doorway that he sleeve was slightly melted. "What happened?" she asked, horrified as she hurried over to help him with the salve. "Gryffindor first years," he said bitterly. "The Weasley twins and their little friend Jordan are a menace to society." She might have laughed, but he'd used those same words once to describe the Marauders, many years ago. "Surely they're not so bad," she said bracingly, covering the salve jar and kissing the corner of his lips. "Their siblings are all very bright." "I have no doubt that they are bright," he said, sitting down on the sofa and untying his shoes as she took the jar into the cabinet in the bathroom. "They are merely foolish," he called after her. She smiled slightly to herself. When she came back out, he was unbuttoning his shirt, frowning at his rolled-up sleeve. "Here," she said, helping him carefully remove the shirt without disturbing the salve on his burn. "How was your day?" "I had sixth years, so I have initial proposals to read before dinner." "Of course you do." He wasn't exactly upset, but she knew he preferred to cuddle a bit before dinner on the first day of classes. He never had anything to mark, and she rarely did, and it was always a pleasant time to sit, curled up on the couch, enjoying a book and a cup of tea. "After dinner, I'm all yours," she said, setting her bag on the side table and slipping out the proposals to examine. He surprised her by coming up behind her as she straightened, his mouth very close to her ear. "Is that a promise?" She shivered which she knew he could feel. She may have imagined his smirk against her ear, but she didn't think so. Immediately she began rationalizing that she could mark these tomorrow. She wouldn't have the sixth year's again for a week. The term was young and Severus wasn't always in such a playful mood. She could feel her breathing and pulse change as she stood there, debating with herself. "I…have to do this first." "That wasn't my question," he said, almost purring. One of his hands slipped around her waist and her knees felt unstable. Lydia bit her lip as he bathed her ear with his breath before gently nibbling on it. No matter how hard she bit down, though, she couldn't keep the sigh from escaping her mouth, and she could feel his lips curling against her ear at that. "I'll take that as a yes," he said, kissing the side of her head before slipping away from her, sitting on the sofa again. "Enjoy your proposals." She wanted to hex him for doing this to her. It would take a good ten minutes to feel totally clear-headed enough to be useful, and she made the mistake of turning to glower at him, forgetting he didn't have a shirt on because of his arm. Still feeling weak as a kitten, she decided it wouldn't hurt to kiss him once before leaving the room. She leaned down, pressing her lips to his cool, thin lips, and she was mildly surprised when he reached up to touch her neck, coaxing her deeper into the kiss. She had felt off-balance anyway, but when he very gently pulled her closer, she felt her equilibrium crumble like the rest of her, right into his lap, straddling him as he kissed her. "What about your work?" he said, teasing as he traced a finger down her throat, past her collarbone, to the clasp of her robes. Her mind was so fuzzy, her pulse pounding against her jaw, her ears, her eyeballs. "What work?" she muttered, letting him unclasp her robe, shrugging it off. She was entirely too hot, anyway. "And dinner?" he asked, craning his neck slightly to kiss her pulse point before gently biting it, just hard enough to cause a jolt of pleasure through her, but not quite hard enough to bruise. A delicate balance Severus had mastered through much practice. "Fuck it," she sighed, not even entirely sure what he'd asked her as his fingers undid the buttons of her blouse with a painfully slow and steady pace. He hummed, smirking against her skin. "That's the spirit," he whispered. She wasn't sure what his words meant, and she really didn't care. In fact, she was getting quite sick of all the speaking. Lydia pulled him in for another kiss, desperate and eager, holding his head between her hands and unthinkingly grinding her body against him. She had the tiniest glimmer of thought that she was supposed to be doing something else right now, but then Severus pulled out of the kiss and quickly moved his mouth to her collarbone, tracing kisses down to her breasts. With his teeth and tongue at work, she bent her head back and closed her eyes, forgetting everything else for the moment. It was only when he'd given both breasts very careful and even attention that he picked her up, carrying her into their bedroom, gently laying her down on the bed before removing his trousers. Lydia was trying to catch her breath as she shrugged off her barely-on blouse. Before she could even begin to properly catch her breath, however, Severus climbed onto the bed, onto her, and began pressing kisses around her skin, from the base of her throat to her shoulders, down to the crooks of her elbows, the insides of her wrists. She whispered words that were some kind of pleading without really putting thought into what those words were, and his hands went to her thighs, pushing up her skirt all too slowly. She closed her eyes and though as he pressed a kiss to the inside of her thigh that the first day of school was maybe the best day of the year. A/N: Okay, so I KNOW that canon is that Quirrell was a Muggle Studies professor before he goes on his trip to Albania, but I didn't want to mess with that, so I've just decided that meeting Voldy changes him so dramatically that it's like a reset button, so he's not the same person (being kind of TWO people) the second year he teaches, so the curse still stands. Just for the purposes of this story. Sorry if that bothers any of you purists. I know how you feel, but I just had to do this. Review Prompt: Precocious third years, eh? What do you think Lydia will make of our darling Percy? -C
On a bed in a house that Lydia had not seen in years, she lay silent, waiting. She was keenly aware of a motorbike sounding and flying away, aware that Sirius was leaving, and somehow aware that she should be going back to sleep, but she didn't. She lay awake, feeling hours fly by in moments. It was less than a minute after the motorbike faded away that Albus Dumbledore was standing over her. "Where's Sirius?" he asked her. "Where's Sirius?" Lydia sat up and the room melted into Lily and James's living room. She was sitting on the sofa as James yelled at Lily to protect the baby, that he'd hold him off. Desperately Lydia wanted to scream at them that they couldn't hold him off, that they needed to run, that Severus had been right all along, but it wasn't Voldemort who burst down the door. Sirius walked in, and James didn't bat an eyelash as his best friend snarled at him. There were no words acknowledging the betrayal, the treachery, the pain. Was Lydia the only one in pain? With no effort at all, Sirius blew James up, pieces of flesh and viscera flying every which way, covering Lydia and Sirius. Again, as in so many of her dreams lately, Sirius held out his arm to her, the Mark so obvious on it as his sleeve shifted. "Come, my love," he said, his gray eyes glowing at her. She wanted to hit him, but she knew she took his hand. She always took his hand, and suddenly they were upstairs, in Harry's nursery, and there was Lily, pleading, crying. Lydia wanted to take the baby from her tell her to run, to save herself, but she stood, frozen, holding Sirius's hand. Suddenly he had slipped a cold knife into her hand, a familiar and horrible weight. Sirius leaned over, now standing behind her, his lips grazing her ear as he said in a cold but persuasive voice, "It's your turn now, Lydia. Do it." Lydia felt dizzy and small, but Lily pleaded. As Lydia took a step closer, terrified she would do it, she raised the knife. Every step closer Lily's features began to change, and suddenly Harry was gone. They were standing in a forest, and Dalia was there, smiling that benign smile at Lydia, holding up a crystal. Lydia's mouth filled with a saccharine taste even as she smelled that same familiar, suffocating smell all around her. The knife was raised, but Lily's cries of pleading had melted seamlessly into Dalia's soothing words of relaxation, and she told Lydia that everything was fine. "Relax," she said, stepping closer to Lydia, who felt her muscles begin to unknot on command. She had almost forgotten how easy it was to relax, how pleasant it was to follow Dalia's instructions. A warmth and a pleasant kind of buzzing overcame her, and Lydia wondered if her nightmare was becoming a more positive kind of dream. She wasn't sure what wasn't quite right about that, but before she could even wonder, Dalia said, "Nothing is wrong. Everything is exactly as it should be, isn't it, Lydia?" "Yes," Lydia said, not really thinking about it. Of course it was. Dalia had said it was. "Your arm feels tired, doesn't it, dear?" It did feel terribly tired, and she felt it droop. "Why don't you hand Sirius that knife, Lydia?" And it was the only logical thing, Lydia decided. She passed the knife behind her to Sirius, but she didn't look away from the beautiful crystal. She couldn't look away. Even in a dream. "You belong here," Dalia said softly, and Lydia murmured her agreement. "This forest. In dreams and in waking." "Dreams and waking," Lydia sighed, feeling the cool, flat side of the knife pressing against her throat. She didn't wonder why it was there. Sirius's lips were at her jaw and the scent was filling her nostrils like it was somehow covering her face. "In life and in death." "Life," Lydia sighed, feeling Dalia's fingers petting her hair. "Death." "Joining us all, in the forest." "Joining you." It seemed so reasonable, and Lydia almost wanted to wake so she could go to the forest. Never mind what she would do once there. It was where she belonged. With Dalia. With Sirius. With Lily and James. "You belong to death," Dalia whispered in her ear. "Death," Lydia sighed back, almost euphoric as the smell in her nostrils didn't seem so bad anymore. It wasn't the smell of death, but somehow it was a part of it, and she leaned back into Sirius, feeling him turn the blade. She hadn't noticed before that it had two tips, like sharpened prongs, but she didn't struggle as he drove them into her neck, simply letting Dalia's voice soothe her into the euphoria of dying. With a gasp, Lydia woke, not daring to sit up, not feeling that she had the strength. Her hands were trembling, and she could still taste the sweetness, still smell that nameless smell. And her neck… She touched her neck. There were small punctures, like tooth marks, but not. They weren't big enough, weren't far enough apart. More like a snakebite, or the bite of a rodent or something. Lydia pulled herself out of bed, not worrying if she disturbed Severus. She looked in the bathroom mirror at the bites and saw they were fresh, but not immediate. She carefully treated the wounds and sighed, trying to decide whether she should tell Severus. But what would she tell him? That some kind of rodent the elves and school's cats hadn't caught had bit her in the night and so she thought perhaps she was being called to the forest to die? She felt a wave of nausea as she realized that even thinking it in waking, the forest still had an incredible pull. She would have to be very careful not to let her feet wander when she was out and about. By the time she went to classes, Lydia had taken care of the mark on her neck, as though it had never been, and Severus didn't even notice. She'd been so surprised, therefore, when Charlie Weasley stopped on his way out of class and walked up to the front of the room. "Are you alright, Professor Rowe?" he asked her kindly. She blinked at him, wondering if he had seen some tiny thing on her neck she'd missed, but Severus wouldn't have missed it. "Yes, quite," she said, smiling at him. "Why do you ask, Charlie?" He hesitated before saying, "It's only that you seem very distant today, like there's somewhere else you're supposed to be. And you're never like that." She felt an ache in her chest pulling her toward the forest again, but she held her smile and shook her head. "I'm sorry, I'm probably just not getting very good sleep. Don't worry about it too much, Charlie." He nodded and she wished him good luck with Quidditch trials, which he would be running as captain. He thanked her, told her he hoped she'd sleep better, and left her alone to go to lunch. Lydia sank into her chair, rubbing her forehead. "Me too," she sighed, trying to remember the last night she hadn't woken up from a nightmare. It had to have been before the start of term. She really needed to take something, to talk to someone. Mustn't worry Severus. A little voice in the back of her head that wasn't hers, and yet it felt so natural for it to be there. Lydia closed her eyes again, and she could see the crystal catching the strange light in the dream, could see Dalia's lips forming words of coaxing, of relaxation, rebuilding the trust that had been there when Dalia was alive. She kept her eyes closed, leaning back in her chair, feeling the beginnings of the warm, pleasant feeling that came from relaxing, obeying, capitulating. Was it really such a bad idea to go to the forest? After all, she'd been there before and she was fine. She belonged there. In dreams, and in waking. In life…. Just as she was beginning to feel the beginnings of the euphoria that came with the knife diving into her throat, the door to her classroom opened, and her eyes opened, and she was surprised to see Quirinus there, looking slightly sheepish. "Apologies," he said, his pale eyes and pale lips and pale skin seeming to assault her vision. She frowned, not really understanding what he was apologizing for. "It hadn't meant to disturb you." He thought she'd been sleeping, she realized, and suddenly she felt slightly embarrassed. Why had she indulged in…whatever was happening to her? "It's nothing," she said, smiling and standing, eager not to be along for just a few minutes. "Was there something you needed?" He hesitated before coming into the room proper, his moves halting. "I think I'm in over my head," he said, smiling apologetically. "I mean, I knew this wasn't strictly my area, but Severus…Severus must know more about my subject than I do." "Few people know more about it than Severus," she said softly as he sat down closer to her desk, his hands grasping at each other nervously. "Yes, but…. Well, the trouble is, with spells I can understand the mechanics of defensive spells, and the logic of them. I can perform them. But to really teach this class, it's not that simple, is it? It's not just…. Well, defense can't happen in a vacuum, can it? There's something one's defending against." Lydia nodded, and asked quietly why he was coming to see her, why hadn't he gone to talk with Severus instead. Quirrell blanched – if such things were possible for a man so pale – and he said, "This might be foolish, but I'm a bit afraid of him. He really doesn't seem to like me, does he?" Lydia hummed. Severus had expressed his distaste for Quirinus, although he'd yet to really say why he felt so strongly about a man who seemed perfectly nice to Lydia. "Well, you're so close to him," he said, rubbing the back of his neck. "And I wondered whether you might be able to help me. Perhaps you can't, but…. Well, you did live through the war. I was working in Japan at the time." Lydia felt slightly sick to her stomach at the thought of the war. She nodded though, knowing that if she didn't help him now, that didn't mean his questions would go away. He might just ask different ones later. "I guess my struggle," he said, picking at his thumbnail where it seemed to be splitting, "is that I don't understand motivation. I mean, what draws people into the Dark Arts in the first place?" Lydia felt a turning in her stomach and she could recall so easily what Severus had said to her, all those years ago in school, when he'd been trying to coax her into joining the Death Eaters with him. She suppressed a shiver and said, "Power. The temptations of power, and anger." "Anger?" he asked, puzzled. With a sigh, Lydia brushed a bit of hair off her forehead and glanced at the clock. If she didn't get things moving, they'd miss lunch. "Severus once told me that anger and other such violent negative emotions were the best conductors for Dark spells. I think it's that it allows you to mean the sorts of spells you're saying, which isn't always easy. More anger, more power, and to have that kind of control over the life or death or sanity or whatever of a person…. Well, I've been told and I suppose I can imagine that it would be intoxicating." Her answers didn't seem to help Quirinus feel more easy about his job, but rather seemed to disturb him further, but he thanked her, asking if he could carry any of her things for he on the way to the Great Hall. In her exhaustion, Lydia decided she would let him. After dinner, Lydia curled up with a cup of tea and her student essays, which were a depressing variation of effort and understanding. Still, the year always took a while to become anything else, and she was enjoying Penelope Clearwater's early understanding of the magical significance of the number 12. It wasn't refined, but it was thorough and had the beginnings of refinement. Severus came in all in a huff, though, and he sat down beside her, glowering at the wall. "What is it?" she asked, not looking up from Penelope's work. "Quirrell," he said bitterly. "What about him?" "He's an entitled little twit." Lydia smiled to herself, knowing there was no real reason for Severus to be this angry with Quirinus, especially when he'd been almost accepting of some of the other Defense professors through the years. "At least he doesn't seem to be dangerous," Lydia said, recalling both Priam and the dreams she'd been having. "I'm not so sure," Severus said darkly, moving closer to her and slipping his arm around her waist without preamble. "There's something about that man…. Well, that's the least of it." "What's the most of it?" she asked, resting her head on his shoulder as she read. Severus said nothing for a long time, and she wondered if he simply wasn't going to. Just when she'd about given up hearing about his thoughts, he said softly, "I don't like the way he looks at you." Lydia's head jerked back, puzzled. "At me?" She hadn't thought Quirinus looked at her or treated her in any special way. He'd been polite, yes. He paid her attention when they sat near each other at meals, of course. Always stood when she entered the room at staff meetings, but that was a matter of chivalry courtesy. Lydia had been a bit used to that in Gryffindor, but then if she remembered rightly Quirinus had been a Ravenclaw. Still, she mused, Gryffindor didn't have the monopoly on chivalry. Severus had his own ability to exercise it, when it suited him. Severus pressed his face into Lydia's neck and breathed in deeply. She felt confused, but she gently caressed his hair as she set down Penelope's essay, unable to focus on it for the moment. "He's a bit boring," she said, hoping it would help ease the situation between the two men, whatever that situation might be. "And he's all one color, you know. I find that very uncomfortable." Severus snorted, but he said nothing. She wished she could say something more substantial about the man, but she didn't know him all that well, and what she did know was that he was exceedingly polite. But so was Filius and Severus wasn't angry with him. It all just seemed so silly. In an obvious effort to change the topic, Severus said, "I was thinking you should take a sedative tomorrow." At first Lydia was about to insist that he was being absurd, but then she glanced up at the calendar. Tomorrow was Halloween, she realized. She suddenly felt that she was back in her dream, sitting on Lily's sofa, watching Sirius burst into the house and kill James. She knew it wasn't how things happened, but she felt a tightness at the base of her throat at how real it still felt even now, as she recalled it. Her fingers tightened in spite of her, and she hadn't noticed until Severus touched her hands bracingly. "Alright," she said, thinking maybe it would help with the dreams, for a little while. "Just the one?" "Yes," he said, kissing her temple. "Just the one. Do you want help with marking?" "I'm not sure you could," she said sheepishly. Unlike her ability to help him with the Potions marking, Severus never had her aptitude for Arithmancy, and his understanding of not only her work now, but also her work back when they were in school, was limited to his understanding of logic. He had exceptional logic, especially for a wizard, but in her view it wasn't enough to mark Arithmancy essays. "Lydia, I do know something about the properties of the number twelve." Well, there was that, she supposed. Lydia agreed, and he pulled out Percy Weasley's essay from the stack, reading over it lazily as she returned to Penelope's work. After about five minutes of quiet reading, Severus snorted. "What is it?" she asked. Percy was one of her better students, so there shouldn't be any gross errors in his essay like some of the ones she had seen already. Severus shook his head and said, "Oh, everything's right, of course, but you would think the boy had invented the number twelve, the way he speaks about it." Lydia laughed, setting down Penelope's fully marked essay and pulling Percy's from Severus's hand, he made a small noise of confusion and indignation before she pulled herself onto his lap, looking down at him with a small smile. She could see his eyes twitch ever-so-slightly wider, could see his chest rising and falling more pronounced as his breathing began to change. She knew if she touched her fingers to his pulse points, so would feel his heartbeat racing. She smoothed her fingertips across his face before teasingly feathering her lips across his lips, not quite a kiss. Severus craned his neck slightly to kiss her, but she pulled back just enough to keep him from it before dusting her lips down his jaw. His hands were on her legs, tracing up her thighs slowly, perhaps hoping to torture her the way she tortured him. Going in for another kiss, he found her pulling just out of reach again, and she tried not to laugh when he growled slightly in the back of his throat. "Damn it, Lydia," he finally said, his voice low and dangerous. "Please." That single word from Severus's lips was rare enough to be infinitely satisfying, and she relented, kissing him and allowing him to press back into that kiss a hunger that almost threatened to swallow her whole. A/N: We've met Quirrell! A bit different for the moment from the man we know in the books, eh? Hopefully you can see the beginnings there. Review Prompt: Lydia's dreams are becoming worse and worse! Do we have guesses NOW on what's screwing with her psyche? Y'all had lots of great guesses, but now the pieces are mostly in front of your faces, so it's only going to grow more obvious from this chapter on. Guesses welcome. -C
A/N: Big thanks to Andimpink, WickedGreene13, and thatredheadedchick, who all suggested this Occlumency snafu ages ago and the time has finally come. Enjoy. -C Lydia knew as soon as she felt the tugging at her mind that it was her next Occlumency lesson and she focused on thwarting it while she poured the tea. She overfilled one cup, but not by much, and she managed to hold her shield, but as soon as she poured the second and was about the grab the cups, she felt it crumbling. She was standing in a shop and she'd stepped on a man's foot. She looked up to apologize and there was Remus. Lydia knew this would lead to nothing healthy, lingering here, so she steered them out of it, too focused to be pleased as she poured her energy into memories of playing Quidditch in school. She was on her broom, high above the drudgery of the world below, waiting for the pass of the Quaffle. She was ready to score. Suddenly, she was jerked back to a different memory, no Quaffle approaching her fingertips, but a piece of parchment in her hands, the script easily recognizable as a letter from Remus. Not an offensive letter, not one that caused problems, but she felt a small rush of panic. Lydia focused on leaving this seemingly innocuous memory, but this seemed to have piqued Severus's interest in it and he fought her all the harder, holding her firmly in this memory. She seemed to be in a kind of box, pressing on all sides to find the exit, but it was so well-sealed. Lydia tried to think through all the methods of leaving the memory as she read Remus's name at the bottom of the letter on the back and folded it up, putting it back in its envelope. She felt like she was pounding on the walls of her box, desperate to break it down if there proved to be no exit, but she couldn't match Severus for mental strength. His curiosity could be felt through their connection, and she focused her thoughts on food, on sex, on anything but what they were looking at now. For a brief moment she managed to shift to a memory of the night before, of Severus buried inside of her as she gasped her pleading that he not stop. But it was only a blip, and he pulled them right back to her walking the letter into the bathroom, opening the cupboard. Lydia tried everything as she felt her own hands moving toward the tampon box, the one in the back filled with Remus's letters, and she did a quick Shield Charm. She stood in their quarters, Severus thrown backward, almost to the wall, stumbling and endeavoring to catch his balance. She began apologizing profusely, hurrying to help him, but he brushed her away, not meeting her eyes. "Better," he finally said, softly. "That was much better." Those words stung more than anger. She almost wanted him to yell at her. Lydia stepped back, feeling cold all over, knowing she'd need to find another place for her letters. He might be calm now, but the next time he was angry about Remus, he might take it on himself to burn them all. She wasn't sure she could find another place so perfect, but she would have to find something. "I failed, though," she said softly. "I couldn't…couldn't break out." "You did briefly," he said, his eyes meeting hers, obviously recalling the memory of the night before. She watched as his eyes darted down her figure lazily, then back up to her face. She felt her own pulse race as he took a small step forward. "That's progress, Lydia. And you eventually remembered what to do when all else failed." She hummed, looking down at her feet, unsure why she felt so ashamed. "We'll have to work on your focus, though." "What do you mean?" "Overfilling the teacup while you were holding your shield. You did very well, but it's always best if you can hold it seamlessly, without missing a beat in your life. That simply takes practice." Lydia wasn't sure that she could ever manage that, but she was willing to try, and said so. He crossed the room, kissed her temple, and grabbed his tea. Lydia could feel her nerves as he wrapped an arm around her, wondering what he would say next. Before he had a chance to chastise her, however, she found words pouring out of her mouth like a leaky faucet. "I used to hide your letters, you know," she said softly, resting her head on his chest. "I cut a hole in the mattress on my side. Your letters and the Potions book you gave me. He was gone so much, I would have plenty of time to read them and re-read them." She felt strangely afraid to say Sirius's name, but she knew that he knew what she was talking about. His whole body stiffened for a moment, but then he relaxed and said in an amused voice she wasn't expecting, "I like that." "What?" she asked, nervous. "My words in the bed he used to fuck you. Tucked inside. The bed he slept in. I like that very much." Lydia couldn't help it. She burst out with laughter, wrapping her arms around Severus, forgetting all about the tea. She would still be moving the letters, and she still didn't trust how pleasant he seemed at the moment, but she decided to enjoy the moment before they went to watch the Gryffindor v. Slytherin Quidditch match. "Wager?" she asked him cheekily as they finished their tea and she checked the time, trying to find her Gryffindor scarf in a pile of sweaters and scarves. "I should burn that thing," he said bitterly as she pulled it out and wrapped it proudly around her neck. "You shouldn't bother wagering, Lydia. You know we're going to win." "Charlie's Captain this year," she said obstinately. "We've got a shot." Severus just flared his nostrils at her and they walked down to the pitch together. She saw Tonks on the way, who waved at her happily, as though the whole of the previous year never happened. Lydia wondered whether it was the resilience of youth or something to do with Tonks's bloodlines that made her strong. Lydia must have earned weakness from her mother. She'd certainly never felt she had youthful resilience. They sat in the teacher's box, where Severus gave Quirinus a rather unfriendly look as he sat down on Lydia's other side. Lydia welcomed the man, knowing how strange it was to be a newcomer. "Did you ever play?" Quirinus asked, smiling. "I played, but more because they needed the numbers. I wasn't never very great, but I could fly. We had a lot of injuries that year." "I played," Lydia said, not wanting to talk about it. She had played with one of the best teams Gryffindor ever had, but she thought that was always as much to do about James and Mary as her. "You didn't just play," Severus said softly. "You were brilliant." Quirinus raised his eyebrows in interest, and Lydia was getting ready to say it was nothing when Minerva, who was sitting in front of them, turned around and said, "I ask myself everyday if I can get away with putting her back on the team. One of the top five Chasers in Gryffindor history. Both you and James. A stunning partnership." Severus bristled slightly at the mention of James, but Minerva took no notice. Quirinus leaned in to say something, but Lydia cut him off sharply and said, "It was a long time ago. Another life. I don't talk about it." He sat back slightly, apologetic. She felt a slight pang of guilt at speaking to him so shortly, but Severus found it obviously amusing. The match was a good one, very close, very tense. Lydia held her breath the whole time because she had agreed just before they left their quarters that the loser would have to pleasure the other without their own release that night. Severus had purposefully been teasing her, brushing his leg against hers every-so-often as they sat there, distracting her from the game. When Charlie darted forward about fifty yards all of a sudden, Lydia cried out in victory, seeing him hold up the Snitch and wave it triumphantly. She pressed her hands to her lips happily before giving Severus a triumphant look. "You'll still lose the Cup," he said sternly as he stood, helping her to her feet. At that moment, she hardly cared. They went back to their quarters quickly and Severus ordered lunch in. Before it even arrived, he was pulling her into the bedroom. "Even when you lose, you act like you're winning," she said, letting him unclasp her robes. "I am winning," he muttered against her neck, unbuttoning her blouse slowly. "I get to taste you." She held her breath as he traced his fingers down her front before pulling the blouse off her shoulders. "I love to taste you." Lydia shivered, and she felt him smirk against her skin. He unclasped her bra slipping it off her shoulders, lowering to tease both breasts with his mouth as he unzipped her skirt. Slowly he undressed her completely, teasing her with his fingers and lips and tongue as he went, and when he told her to lay down, she did, on her back, watching him. She expected him to undress, but he only removed his robe and rolled up his sleeves to the elbow, unbuttoning the very top buttons and kicking off his shoes. "On your front," he said firmly. Lydia cocked her head in question, but he raised an eyebrow to show her very plainly that he was very serious. Lydia rolled over, waiting, wondering what he was doing. He'd not done this before, and she felt a delicious kind of anxiety as she tried to think what he would do first, what he had planned. Severus's lips began at the back of her left heel and kissed their way up to the back of her knee, lingering there before moving to the other heel and repeating the motion. She held her breath, waiting as he paused again. She was just about to ask what he was doing when he playfully nipped up the backs of her thighs, switching from leg to leg and then just when she thought he would pause he went straight for the goal, his tongue eagerly trying to taste all that she had already begun to drip as he pleasured her. She gasped, grabbing at the sheets, sure that he was smirking as he worked. Lydia thought he would bring her to one climax and then decide they should rest or eat, but Severus had always been an overachiever. Why do once what he could do five times? She was a weak, useless mess when he finally kissed up her back and wrapped his arms around her, kissing the back of her neck as she felt his weight gently pressing on her. "How was that?" he asked, so bloody smug. She moaned in response, wishing she had the strength to raise her hand and touch him. She was exhausted, and yet she wanted him inside of her. Lydia finally managed to communicate this, although it took several tries. "The bet," he said softly, obviously amused. "Fuck the bet," she sighed. She wasn't able to move even if she'd wanted to change positions, but Severus was able to position himself when he did fully undress, and he didn't waste any time entering her. Just as Severus felt he'd won from her pleasure, she couldn't help thinking this was all part of her victory as well. She also thought briefly, before she struggled to create coherent thought, that she really ought to make bets like this with Severus more often. When they were both too exhausted to move, they lay together, slick with sweat, panting for breath. She closed her eyes and felt a tingling on her spine, thinking they ought to go for this sort of position more often. She must have fallen asleep, because the next thing she recalled she was still lying on her stomach, only with a blanket draped over her. She could see that the clock was telling her it was morning, Sunday morning, but Severus was nowhere to be seen. She pulled herself to sitting and saw he'd left her a note – brewing, time sensitive, the usual. The elves, or whoever dealt with such things, had left her a tray of food and a stack of mail. A letter from a publisher, two requests for her to speak at conferences in other countries, and a personal letter at the back that she could feel but hadn't looked at yet. Her publisher wanted clarification on a couple of aesthetic points she could hardly care about before the book was released – just in time for the Christmas holidays, he had told her brightly – and she set it aside on the small stack of things she needed to reply to, things she was saving for a slow day in grading. The requests for her as a speaker were polite, professional, and a bit plodding. She'd get to travel, of course, which was always interesting, but she wasn't sure she wanted to go to China and…some city in Africa she'd never heard of and couldn't even begin to guess which country it was in. Severus would make hints about safety when he heard about them, so she supposed it would be best to head off his hinting by telling him right off that she wouldn't be going. France, she might have done. She went to Los Angeles once, but that had been an exhausting journey, and perhaps the most useless conference she had attended. All anyone there had wanted to do was disagree with each other, even when they were all saying the same thing. Lydia set them both aside, telling herself to use her most cordial refusals, and she pulled the final letter toward her and felt a small stab of fear. Had Severus seen these? Did he know she had a letter from Remus? She reminded herself that they were adults and it didn't matter. He hadn't been burning things without her permission for a while, so why would he be extra upset that Remus sent her a letter? She was tired, she decided as she opened the letter. That was why she was being silly. Between her nightmares and the way Severus had worn her out the day before, Lydia was struggling to string together sleep and now had physical exhaustion on top of it. That was bound to cause a bit of silliness once in a while. She unfolded the letter and was not surprised to see that it was a perfectly cordial – even friendly – letter, as though their happenstance meeting in Diagon Alley hadn't been terribly awkward. It wasn't horribly long, and Lydia didn't feel that she would have any trouble responding to this letter in an appropriate manner, but then she reached the final little paragraph. I hope we will be able to see each other a time or two over the holiday. I'm sure you're exceedingly busy, but I miss your company and the pleasantness that comes from simply seeing your face. Lydia didn't even read the sign-off, just reading and re-reading those words until she realized her eyes were blurring and her chest felt tight. It was silliness, she told herself, setting down the letter and trying to wipe her eyes as the tears came harder, faster. She wasn't even sad. She wasn't especially happy. There was no reason for her to be crying over some kind words from an old friend, even given all the history she had with him. But the more Lydia tried to control herself, the harder it was, and she finally pulled her knees to her chest and let the sobs out into the sheets that covered her legs. When she felt she had cried all she had to give she took deep, steadying breaths. She needed her composure. She needed to eat something, dress, sort out her hair, and go to see Severus. That was what she was supposed to do, although she didn't bother thinking why she was supposed to do it. Lydia did manage to eat about half of her tray before her appetite failed her. She put on some clothes that were suitable and comfortable, but she didn't bother too much with them. She combed her hair and dotted a cream on her eyes that would hide the fact that she'd been crying, the same cream she'd been using to hide her dark circles from Severus. She pulled her pale hair up into a ponytail and let her bangs caress her forehead, stepping back to decide if she looked like a person before going down to Severus's lab. He was deep in concentration when she entered, but he raised a hand and motioned for her to come in, which she did. Lydia could tell from the smell and color that he was halfway through brewing a potion that was a sleep aid, probably for the infirmary. She couldn't get over the nagging, paranoid feeling that it was for her, but she forced herself to at least pretend it wasn't for her. "I didn't want to wake you," he said when he finished his complicated stirring pattern and lowered the heat to simmer the brew. His eyes met hers and she felt guilty for something, but she didn't know what. "I expect you were tired." "Still am," she said with a sheepish laugh. "It's alright. I ate. Had some breakfast. Got some mail. My publisher is so silly." "Indeed," he said, coming around the table to kiss her. Lydia relaxed into the kiss, thinking she could tell him about the other letters later. For now, it was good to just be with him in a place free of fights, drama, distractions. She rested her head on his chest, feeling his arms wrap around her, and she relaxed fully for the first time in months. Like this, in this place, with this man, she couldn't imagine anything bad ever happening. A/N: SO. Got some Quirrell. Got some Quidditch. Got some lemons. Got some more of Lydia's slow-but-sure meltdown. Review Prompt: Where's Lydia's breaking point? How do you think Severus is going to learn about/find out about/hear about her nightmares? And once he knows, what d'you think he'll do? -C
Students had gone home for Christmas, and Severus was away at a conference Albus all-but-required him to go to between Boxing Day and the third of January. Lydia knew he was bitter about having to go, mostly from the fact that six times on Christmas alone he told her that it would be an utter waste of time where he would learn nothing surrounded by dunderheads and he couldn't even bring her to suffer with him because she had deadlines to meet on an article she was writing. Lydia attempted to comfort him and made sure the night before he left would stick with him the whole time he was gone, but she felt lonely all alone in their quarters, more keenly than she had anticipated. She was trying to decide between getting an early start an hour after he'd left or curling up with a cup of tea and a book and starting after lunch when there was a knock at the door. Lydia sighed, knowing only Albus would look for her here. She had actually been wondering whether she ought to go to her own quarters while Severus was gone, or whether she should stay where she was comfortable. She still hadn't decided, but she got up to let in Albus. But it wasn't Albus looking at her when she opened the door, but Remus. "Oh," she said, momentarily, puzzled. Had Albus told Remus where to find her? But then, Remus already knew she was sleeping with Severus. Had Albus told him when Severus would be gone, or even more, arranged Severus's prolonged absence just for this? Her head was spinning as she tried to straighten out what was practical and what was paranoia. "Happy Christmas to you, too," he said, shifting awkwardly in the threshold. "Erm, there's not a curse on his door, is there?" "Sorry?" He smiled slightly and said, "I mean, if you invited me to enter, it wouldn't make my feet shrivel up to walk through or something?" "Oh," she said, laughing nervously. "No, nothing." She did hesitate for a moment, though. Yes, Remus had been alone with her in Sirius's house before, but Sirius and Remus had been friends before her drama with either of them began. Severus hated Remus, and the idea of inviting him into Severus's space, knowing the sense of smell both men had, was nerve-wracking. She supposed she could go out into the castle with him, but she wasn't dressed for it, so she decided it was better to invite him in, not be rude, and blame it on Albus if it came up later. Remus did come in, his nose wrinkling slightly as she offered him a cup of tea. "Yes, please," he said, looking around at the arrangement of furniture. "Hmm. Smells like ingredients, doesn't it? Much neater than I expected. I suppose that's down to you." She wondered how he could be so casual, but then he was well-practiced with that sort of thing. "Actually, he's the organized one," she said softly. "I only cleaned before because I had so much time on my hands." He hummed while she put the kettle on, and she hesitated before offering for him to sit down. She wasn't totally sure that this was a good idea, but she didn't really have any others. He did sit, on the sofa instead of the chair, which gave her the unfortunate choice. Did she sit beside him, or with him? She poured the tea and couldn't help herself. She sat with him on the sofa, scanning his face for new scars. "What?" he asked her, smiling. "Nothing," she said too quickly. He clearly didn't believe her, but he said nothing, letting his lips twitch as he drank his tea. They sat in companionable silence for a long time before he said, "Well, I couldn't stay long, but I had a day off, so I thought I'd deliver my gift in person." He passed her a small wrapped parcel, and she opened it to find a jar of premium ink. She couldn't begin to imagine how much salary this cost him, especially given how regularly he was out of work, and she wanted to protest that it was too much, but she saw in his eyes that he was happy to give it to her. She bit her lip before thanking him. Remus was about to go when she said, "Remus, wait. I…I need to ask you something. And before you react, I'm not propositioning you." He gave her an awkward, tight smile and nodded. Lydia squeezed her hands together before saying, "There's this smell that's always there when I…when I wake up from nightmares, but I can never figure out what it is, and I never smell it in the daytime. And I…. It's familiar, but it's wrong, and sometimes it's there in my nightmares, too. Always with the really awful ones." "Lydia," he said, frowning, "have you told Severus?" She laughed nervously. "I…I don't want to worry him. Maybe it's nothing, right? But I need…. Could you please just step into the room and see if you can smell it? If it's real, it would linger, right? Maybe light, but it would be there." Remus's face twisted and she held her breath, knowing full well she was asking too much but hoping he understood that this was important to her. She watched him work through the permutations before he nodded and they stood, crossing to the bedroom. Lydia opened the door and they stepped in together, Remus blinking as he looked around the room. He then closed his eyes, inhaling deeply several times. Lydia held her own breath, chewing on her lip. When he opened them again she asked if he could smell it. Remus sighed, scratching his head. "Honestly, Lydia, Hogwarts is full of old smells. The most prominent scents in this room mess with my sensory system profoundly, and he can't focus on the small scents." "He?" she said, puzzled. He blushed and muttered that she should forget it, that he couldn't help her. "Remus, please," she said, slowly rubbing the cream off her eyes, watching his eyes widen as he saw how dark the circles were that she had covered. "This is so important. I…I need to know." Remus hesitated, but he shook his head again. "Lydia, I really can't help you," he said mournfully. "I…. I never wanted to explain this to you, but you know my sense of smell is heightened because of what I am." She nodded. "The wolf is…a very real thing in me, dormant most of the time. When I do what you just asked of me, he stirs." "Every time you smell?" she asked, puzzled. "No, every…." He rubbed his eyes. "Certain smells make him angry and certain smells…. He finds them distracting. The smell of Severus angers him." "And?" "And the smell of you," he said, meeting her eyes, looking mortified and ashamed, "distracts him. If there are other smells under those, even if I could find them, I couldn't possibly focus the wolf long enough between those two scents to find the small ones. Do you see?" Lydia did see, but she wished she didn't. She rubbed her lips together, not sure what to say when all she wanted was to ask Remus how the wolf was distracted. He wouldn't answer. Maybe he even shouldn't answer, but here they were standing in what were really Severus's quarters and she couldn't stop thinking that this had to be a good sign, that the wolf was distracted by the scent of her. Probably not a great sign on the full moon, but otherwise…. "Why don't you ask Severus?" he asked, looking weary. "As I recall, he has a very disciplined nose." "He does," she said, frowning. "I don't want him to worry." "And you want me to worry?" he said, slightly pained. "No, just…. Look, Lydia, of course this castle is going to smell familiar in ways you can't put your finger on. You've lived the bulk of your life here by this point. Good and bad years. And I find that all things are stronger in the night than they are in the morning. "As far as the nightmares, well, I'd be surprised if any of the people our age went without them for more than a night or two at a time. And then there's all that's happened to you since the war. I wouldn't pretend you've had any shortage of horrors in your life. Please, Lydia. You know that if I could help you, I would, but this is beyond what I'm able to give you." Lydia nodded, understanding but wishing she didn't, wishing she could keep begging. She didn't want to tell Remus that she was afraid to sleep here alone, but she was almost more afraid to go back to her old quarters, away from the familiarity of the recent past. Remus kissed her cheek with tender lips and took his leave, and Lydia couldn't decide when he was gone whether she wanted him back or was happy he was gone. The days dragged by, with occasional letters from Severus, and even more occasional letters from her publisher, but the night before New Year's Eve, Lydia got a little note from Remus asking if she wanted to meet up to celebrate the new year. He said it could be out or in, wherever worked best for her. Lydia wanted to go out, but she couldn't imagine leaving the castle for that long, all the time lost in transit. She had so much work that she was getting anxious about her deadlines that she wrote back asking if he minded celebrating in her office, because she had a lot to get done, and he said that would be fine, and that he'd bring some wine since he knew she didn't like champagne. She settled into her office on New Year's Eve, getting quite a bit of work done on her article while she fought the urge to start drinking the firewhiskey she'd brought along. She'd declined an offer from Quirinus to join him for the holiday, saying she was meeting an old friend, and she wondered what Severus would think if he knew about her options for the night. The knock on her door caused her to jump, and she let in Remus, raising the firewhiskey and he held up the bottle of wine, and they laughed. "Shall we drink from the bottle like when we were in school?" she asked with a wink, and he agreed, opening both bottles as she crossed to her window, looking down at the grounds. "Do you remember," he said happily, "I can't recall if it was fourth or fifth year, when we did the countdown and James couldn't find Lily to attempt to kiss her, so he kissed you and Artemis freaked out?" "Fifth year," she said, closing her eyes and resting her head on the cool stone wall. "The one year we all stayed. That was and still is, hands down, the most awkward kiss of my life." "You're right, it had to be fifth year," he said, more subdued as he handed her the wine, taking a drink from the firewhiskey. "Because Sirius and I spent all night talking about what we were going to do to him to make him pay." Lydia felt slightly dizzy for a moment. She started to think that perhaps this had been a bad idea, and she took a few large gulps of wine. After about an hour of drinking on her office floor like when they were students, however, Lydia and Remus got over the awkwardness about the past and simply began swapping stories and remembrances, laughing together and enjoying the closeness of simply having each other's company. It took her two hours to realize his arm was around her waist. It took her several seconds to realize she rather liked it. She rested her head on his shoulder. "It's not fair," he sighed. "What?" "Your hair smells so good." "Why isn't that fair?" she asked, turning to look up at him, and he stared at her for a long moment before looking down at his watch. "Three minutes," he said. "Want to count down?" "From three minutes?" "No, from ten." This seemed reasonable to Lydia, so she agreed before resting her head on his shoulder again and breathing him in. "You smell really good, too," she said, moving closer to his neck, where the scent seemed stronger. His hand twitched up her waist slightly, and she sighed, breathing in deeply. He hummed a song she didn't recognize at first, but the longer he hummed it, she eventually came to recognize it as an old Led Zeppelin song from their youth, something James had always played at parties. Lydia closed her eyes and enjoyed the warmth of his body, the sound of his halting humming, the buzz of the wine she'd consumed and the kind of euphoria that came from feeling that she was celebrating something, properly celebrating. "Ten," he eventually said, and her eyes flickered open. "Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One." She looked up at Remus and he turned to her, golden and burning like she'd seen them several times before. She couldn't breathe, and then his lips touched hers and she didn't want to breathe. What might have lasted seconds to herald in the new year became a flurry of kisses, a deepening of kisses, his hand stroking her throat as she sighed his name. She didn't think about anything, just allowed herself to give in to the string to sensations. Somehow they had shifted and she was looking up at him, his eyes still burning, but when she reached up to brush a bit of hair out of his face, he seemed to struggle for a moment, his whole face twitching and confused. "I…I…I should go," he said, puzzled. He sat up, and she sat up with him, feeling her pulse raising as he seemed to be in some kind of physical pain, struggling with himself. "I have work…. I…." "Remus," she said, more concerned than anything at the agonized expression on his face. She touched his cheek and he turned back toward her, leaning toward her, allowing their foreheads to touch. She could feel the texture of his scars on her skin. His lips lingered just by hers, but he pulled back abruptly. In a strained voice he said, "I have to go." His eyes were drawn in to hers though, and he swayed forward slightly, then back again. "I have to go," repeated, as though on the verge of tears, and Lydia didn't know what the emphasis meant, but whatever it was clearly hurt him, and she felt increasingly distressed. He scrambled to his feet, and she pulled herself up by the side of her desk as he tried to make his feet work toward the door. "Remus?" she repeated, seriously concerned that in this state he might actually hurt himself. "You don't have to go. You…you could just stay and sober up a bit." His whole body froze and stiffened before his shoulders slumped. He turned, twitched like he was going to lunge for her, then staggered backward a few steps, horror in his eyes. "You have no idea, Lydia," he said, especially hoarse and strained, like every word cost him enormous energy. "No idea how much I…. It was easier with Sirius, you know. I kept telling myself, he's good for you, he's a good man, he's my friend, he deserves happiness." He let out a hollow laugh, squeezing his hands into fists. "How wrong I was. And then how difficult it was, until…." He shivered. "I thought when I learned about Severus it would be easier, because you were with someone again, and I thought my Gryffindor chivalry could honor that. I really, really…. Lydia, you've gone from one Death Eater to another, do you realize that?" She felt a wave of nausea at these words, like when Severus said such beastly things about Remus's condition. "He's a good man." "No," he said, with a sad smile. "No, Lydia, he's your friend and you see him differently than others, but you've always been beautifully naïve. I saw the things he did, the things he was responsible for, up close and personal sometimes. He is not a good man." He gave another one of those hollow, horrible laughs and said, "But then, who am I to judge? I'm not even a man." "Remus," she said, feeling her vision blur at the corners. "Please." He softened, stumbling toward her, letting their foreheads touch again, although his face twisted in pain as he touched her cheek, traced his fingers along his jaw. "The easy thing would be to stay," he said softly. "I need you to believe me that that would be the easy thing. God, just the smell of you…." He shivered violently and thrust himself away from her like a marionette being yanked backward. His breathing was labored and she could see tears in his eyes. "I'm sorry," he said, pulling slightly at his hair. "I'm sorry. I…. Happy New Year, Lydia." She said his name several times as he walked out, the door closing limply behind him, and when she found the strength to cross the room and open it, the corridor was empty. He was gone. For the first time, she didn't feel self-hatred or anger or frustration. She didn't think about herself or possibilities at all. She immediately felt a flash of fear that Remus would seriously hurt himself, either in transit or out of the kind of self-hatred she had felt after their dramatic messes. Not sure where her feet were taking her, she ran, the door to the office left slightly open as she felt her throat go dry, her pulse pounding in her wrists, ears, tongue. Albus crossed her path before she reached the second floor and he stopped her, alarmed with her wild appearance and breathlessness. "Lydia, what's wrong? What's happened?" "Remus," she said, grasping at Albus's shoulders shamelessly for balance as she tried to catch her breath. "He…he…. He's in a terrible state, and he just left, and I couldn't stop him, Albus, he might hurt himself!" "Go to bed," he said firmly. She tried to protest. "Lydia, you are in no state to help him, and even if you were, the sight of you would make it worse. Go to bed. I will deal with Remus. I have done it before." Albus's words were ringing in her ears as she staggered back to her office, closing it up for the night, and staggered down to Severus's quarters, where she collapsed in their bed without even taking off her shoes. But she didn't close her eyes. Especially after the night she'd had, she was terrified of falling asleep and seeing what might await her in dreams. A/N: So… I know it's a Remus-full chapter and that's not everybody's cup of tea, but this was a really important chapter for their development, both of them. AND for you impatient people, you'll be happy to know there's less than TWENTY chapters to Part Three! And the upcoming chapter 200? One of the major events is Severus confiscating a certain book from a certain Mr. Potter. ;) Review Prompt: So how much of this whole mess was actually Albus's fault, and is Severus's jealousy with Quirrell warranted, or is he just hyper-sensitive because of Sirius and Remus and all that jazz? -C
She walked through the street, trying to determine why this was a familiar place. Somewhere Lydia had been before, somewhere she had some sense of belonging. She had a strange feeling of déjà vu, and a sensation like someone was watching her as she approached a house that she felt she knew. She knocked on it, and took a startled step back when she saw who answered it. Artemis Rutgers was there, smiling hollowly, and Lydia grabbed behind her, desperate to find something so that she didn't fall down the steps. "No," Lydia whispered, closing her eyes as she felt a hand on her back. "No, no, no." "Eager to start, are we, love?" she heard Sirius's voice say in her ear, and Artemis, unsuspecting, asked if they'd like to come in. Lydia couldn't breathe as Sirius walked her into the house, closing and locking the door behind her. She didn't need to wonder whether Sirius could blow up an entire street alone. Dreams or waking, she knew he was capable. There was very little that Sirius wasn't capable of, as it turned out. She dared to open her eyes, seeing everything exactly where she remembered it from so many years ago, over a decade now, when Artemis had been so pleased to buy he own place right out of school. They were all so proud of her, all so pleased. Lydia and Lily had helped her decorate for several days. It hadn't taken very long for all of their efforts, and their dear friend, to be gone. Sirius pulled out his wand, pressing it into Lydia's hand. "No," she begged. She didn't even know the spell. She wouldn't, couldn't possibly. Sirius was giving her a hard look, and Artemis went to make tea. "Please, no." "Shh," he said, soothing her. "You're just holding it." He pulled out a knife and went into the kitchen, and against her better judgment she followed. She wanted to scream when she saw him walk up behind Artemis, quiet as a cat, but she had no voice. Something in the back of her mind told her this was right, even though she knew it was so terribly wrong. She grabbed the door frame and trembled as she saw the blood from the cut he made across Artemis's throat, as she saw her friend sink to the ground. "No," she whispered, although it was too late. "No." He turned his attention to her, raising an eyebrow to quiet her, and she found her mouth snapping shut. Surely this would be the end of it, she thought. Artemis was dead. That was what he'd come for. The look he was giving her was something almost erotic, and she wanted to shrink into the floor. "You never loved me," he whispered, touching her face. "Never. I gave you everything, taught you everything you needed, and you couldn't give me the one thing I asked for." Her throat tightened. She wanted to beg as he pulled his wand from her hands, but she had no words. "I love you, darling," he whispered, before waving his wand. The whole of the room shook, and she didn't have to see to know that the street was burning. Her eardrums seemed to shatter with the explosion, and she'd noticed the windows had burst out around them as flames engulfed the room. Lydia slipped to sitting, unable to breath for the smoke, and that strange smell she had come to be so familiar with was suffocating her, filling her lungs and not vacating. There was no way to breathe it out, and she grasped at Sirius, unable to reach him as he stood in a kind of bubble, undisturbed by the destruction, as always. He watched her struggle to breathe, watched her choking until he raised his wand. She thought perhaps he would save her, that the scene would change, that he would morph into someone else who would save her. Dreams were supposed to change if you wanted it enough, but she could not make it change no matter how badly she wanted, how much she struggled for it. His wand pointed at her. He said words she could not hear through her broken eardrums, and she felt the flames engulfing her. She was probably screaming, rolling across the floor, desperate to put them out, but everything she rolled into was on fire as well. She couldn't extinguish a fire that Sirius kept fueled and through the suffocating smell of that hideous scent on the smoke, she could almost taste the singeing, the charring of her skin and hair. Her throat was sore from screams she could not hear and smoke she could not but inhale, and she knew she was dying, that she had to die this way, and that Sirius was simple going to watch. "Lydia!" She sat up, still thrash and muttering pleas, but Severus was there, holding her arms, his eyes full of concern as her pulse raced. "S-Sev," she gasped, still smelling it, lingering. "D'you smell that?" "What?" he asked, nervous. He wasn't supposed to be nervous. Was this still part of her nightmare? She didn't have a word for what she could smell, so she used the word for what it was in her last dream. "Smoke." "There's no smoke, Lydia," he said gently, sitting down beside her, smoothing hair off her sweaty forehead and examining her face. "It was just a dream." She wrapped her arms around him, nodding when he asked if she'd dreamed about a fire, and whether she thought it was because she was alone. She knew it wasn't, but she'd seen his eyes when she first woke. She couldn't worry him like that, not yet. Not yet. "Were you wearing a necklace or something?" he asked, pulling back and looking at his hand. Lydia frowned, shaking her head. He held up his hand for her to see and she saw her blood on his fingers. "Nothing big, just a small scratch or two like a clasp catching the skin." "Maybe I was," she said, puzzled. "I…I don't really…" She shrugged, truly unable to remember whether or not she'd worn a necklace to bed or not. She felt around the sheets, but if it had been there, it must have slipped off now. The first day of term was not long after Severus's return, and she carefully smoothed her cream over the marks of her tiredness. She wished the cream would relieve the tiredness itself, but there was only so much she could do without making people concerned. "Lydia?" she heard Severus call out from the front room. "You're going to be late for breakfast." She sighed, resolving herself to the day and sorting out her hair quickly. They went to breakfast, watched the students greeting each other over their sausages and eggs. She said her greetings to other professors, and at the usual time she went up to her classroom, not noticing that Severus had taken stock of her plate, noticing that she hardly touched a thing on it. She went through the motions of teaching, although for her that was not difficult. To teach Arithmancy was almost a subconscious act when she needed it to be, and she certainly needed it today. At the end of her school day, Albus came to her classroom, probably on his way down to dinner, and motioned for her to sit. She did so, although she felt anxious. Had Severus mentioned the nightmare he'd woken her from? Had Remus mentioned nightmares to him? Was that what this was about? She was careful to maintain her barriers and avoid looking him in the eye. "Did you need something, Albus?" she asked, rubbing her temple. "Only, I planned to help Severus finish unpacking." "He couldn't have packed very much." "He packed enough," she said, feeling slightly uncomfortable with the possible implications of that. Albus pressed his fingers together, and she focused her eyes on those, grateful for something to look at apart from his face. "I thought you would wish to know," Albus said gently, "that Remus arrived home safely, that someone watched him through the night until he was enough himself to make safe choices, and that the lack of letter received is due to embarrassment and not because of any danger to his person." "Oh, excellent," she said, brushing her hair behind her ear and feeling her stomach squirm at the thought of how much pain Remus had looked to be in. She couldn't get out of her head the strange juxtaposition between how much passion he'd put into kissing her and how much horror she'd seen in his eyes when he realized what he was doing, how hard it was for him to make himself leave. "He loves you, Lydia." "Please, don't." "I suspect Severus loves you as well, although he is much more guarded with his feelings." "Please, Albus." She closed her eyes, wishing the whole room would dissolve. The one thing she'd learned since she started working at Hogwarts was that by signing her contract she became a pawn to amuse the headmaster, and most days it only irritated her. After everything that happened the year before, it felt like too much. She could almost smell that horrible scent filling her nostrils like the smoke in her nightmare, and she couldn't seem to breathe. "All I am saying, my dear, is that you have choices in your life. I know it has felt like your life has always been out of your hands, and perhaps I could have done more for you sooner. But regardless of how it feels, you do have choices, if you reach out to take them." Her nostrils flared and she felt a small whimper escape her lips. Did he not understand? Remus wouldn't give her choices. It didn't matter if he loved her when he insisted on thinking of himself as a monster, if he was afraid that by loving her, allowing himself to love her, he would destroy her. And Severus, it wasn't Albus's choice to speak for Severus. She didn't even want to think about whether or not he loved her, and she doubted very much whether he'd thought of such things. "I see that I'm distressing you, Lydia. But I mean well. There is coming a time soon when you will have to make more choices. You will have great opportunities. But you have to be willing to take them." Lydia didn't have to ask what he was talking about. She knew how close it was to Harry's turning eleven. She understood that soon he would be coming to Hogwarts, that she would have an opportunity to help Lily's son, to be an influence and part of his life. But Albus didn't understand how impossible that would be. He didn't realize how bewildered she had been that Lily wanted a child, how angry she had been that everyone loved that child more than her, how easily she gave up on ever seeing him when the Dursleys turned her away at her lowest point from her world falling apart. Making an impossible choice that hardly seemed hers to make would not give her the pieces she needed to be anything to Harry. "I'm a name he's never heard, a face he's never seen," she said softly. "Even if they've told him about magic, I'm no one to him. I abandoned him to a beast of a man, a man like my father, like Severus's father. Do you honestly believe I could ever look that boy in the eye?" She didn't bother waiting around to hear what he would say. She took her bag and hurried down to Severus's quarters, passing Quirinus without a word as he greeted her, realizing she'd done it only when she was slipping off her shoes in their front room. She hoped he'd think she was just preoccupied and not take it personally. Lydia shivered, pulling off her robes and pacing the room frantically, feeling that she was ready to burst into tears. The door opened and she started, freezing and staring at Severus feeling slightly bewildered as she looked at him. He raised his eyebrows. "Quirrell said you looked disturbed," he said, frowning slightly. "Are you not going to dinner?" "I'm not hungry," she said, turning away from him, pulling at her blouse awkwardly. "You barely ate breakfast." "Did I?" she sighed, not remembering. "I…I don't know, I don't have an appetite. I just had a…fight with Albus. He was being ridiculous." "He usually is," Severus said softly, closing the door. "I ignore it." "I can't," she said, collapsing on the sofa. "Severus, I just can't ignore it. He was talking about Harry, and choices, and I…. There was nothing I could have done, was there? Albus put him with that family, and I couldn't have done anything. But I feel like I've abandoned him." Severus sat beside her, kissing her hair. She didn't mention the mess about love, in either supposed iteration, mostly because she wanted to forget the conversation ever happened. And anyway, of course Severus loved her. She'd loved Lily. It didn't have to be anything other than that. "I'm sorry," she sighed, letting him hold her. "I'm sorry, I wanted this evening to be a good one, and now I've ruined it." "You've done no such thing," he said, caressing her face, pressing his forehead to hers. "I fully believe this evening is salvageable, and I want to make the most of it, if you're willing." Lydia met his gaze and tried to blink through her rapidly forming tears, and she let him kiss her gently, wishing she could stop thinking about the mess Albus put into her head, as though saying those words would somehow help her. She sighed, trying to relax and focus herself on Severus, but it was so difficult. She closed her eyes, allowing him to do what he wanted as she tried to relax. She knew he must have smelled Remus lingering in the room, must have known that Remus had visited her while he was gone, and yet he'd not mentioned a word. She let him lay her down on the sofa, let him unbutton her blouse as she opened her eyes again. Her fingers touched his knee as he traced his hands up her torso. "Did you miss me?" she asked feeling tightness in her voice. "Constantly," he said earnestly before placing kisses from her neck down her torso. Lydia knew she was relaxed when her fingers traced into his hair, pulling his face closer as he worked to cover every inch of her torso. She felt him smirk against her, and she groaned slightly as he sat up, but he leaned to press his mouth toward her ear and whispered, "Would you like a shower?" Remembering how much she enjoyed their skin together with the water, she almost said yes, but she recalled that the steam and water would remove the cream on her eyes too much. "Not today," she said apologetically. "But I would like to feel you." "Where?" he asked, and she could hear the hunger in his voice, which caused her chest to feel like it was expanding with the excitement. He would happily take her right here, of course, she knew, but it wasn't the most comfortable, and she wanted this evening to be just right. "Bed," she sighed. Lydia was about to sit up so she could stand and they could move to the bed, when Severus carefully scooped her up. She knew she wasn't especially heavy, but she always marveled at how easily Severus could lift her when he bothered to try, like she was nothing in his arms. She felt remarkably light as he carried her into the bedroom, and he gently laid her down on their bed, pulling off her skirt and panties in one go as she shrugged off her blouse. Lydia watched him unclasp his robes, unbutton his shirt. It was hard to breathe, but she smiled slightly to herself, enjoying his burning eyes on her as he worked, seemingly unable to undress fast enough. She unclasped and tossed aside her bra as he climbed on the bed, covering her skin with the coolness of his body. "Did you miss me?" he asked her, running his long, deft fingers through a strand of her hair as she wrapped her arms around him. "Yes," she said honestly. "The bed was terribly empty." He hummed, kissing her jaw, then her lips, then her jaw again and down to her neck. She was about to ask for more when he suddenly buried himself inside of her, a delicious shock she had missed more than she realized while he was away. She groaned, pushing his name through her lips as she tossed her head back to give him better access to her neck, which he was eagerly stimulating with his mouth in more ways than she could keep track of as the friction built between them. She couldn't control the words coming from her, and they were lovely words of begging, pleading, and Severus obliged each one, moving faster, harder, more. When they finally collapsed together, completely spent, exhausted, Lydia was gasping for breath, unable to express verbally how much she enjoyed it. He pressed a few tired kisses along her jaw. "Better?" he asked, slightly breathless himself. At first Lydia couldn't understand the question, but then she recalled how upset she'd been because of Albus, and how she'd thought the night was ruined because she was so upset over something she had no control over. Lydia touched his cheek, smiling slightly. "Yeah," she managed to sigh as he continued to press kisses over her jaw and face. She laughed, a kind of muted giggle, and Severus paused his work, moving to kiss her lips. "It was strange," he sighed, his mouth by her mouth, "being somewhere without you. I confess, I didn't like it." Lydia wasn't sure what to say, but even if she'd had words she didn't have the breath to say them, so she simply lifted her head just enough to kiss him, and she gave in to the exhaustion threatening her body. A/N: So, we're into the 90's! Crazy, right? We started in the middle of the 70's and here we are, inching toward Harry and all the craziness of his time at Hogwarts. And Albus. Well, there he goes again, being Albus. Review Prompt: How honest or open do you feel Albus was being with her? What's his real end-game? Is it about her, or about Harry, or maybe a bit of both? -C
The smell of chocolate and mulled wine woke Lydia, and she blinked as she looked up at the ceiling, frowning. It was definitely morning, but she could smell those things very keenly. Why would she smell mulled wine in the morning? She sat up with effort and saw Severus through the open bedroom door, pouring wine and setting it on a tray. She smiled slightly to herself. Valentine's Day. She stretched, calling out, "I can smell that, but I'm using the toilet. I'll be right back." He acknowledged and she hurried into the bathroom, dabbing her cream around her eyes without wiping off the remnants from the night before. She did use the toilet, then combed her hair and took a look at herself in the mirror. She thought she might have lost more weight, but this was as good as she was going to get for the moment, so she hurried back out to bed, where Severus was carrying in their breakfast tray. "Wine with breakfast?" she teased, spreading out her legs for the tray to rest over as he climbed back into bed with her. "You don't like champagne," he said with a shrug. "This was the closest thing you'd drink." She kissed him as he turned to say something, and Severus relaxed into the kiss, responding with a kind of tenderness that their interactions didn't always have. She enjoyed the kiss as long as she could, until her stomach growled and she laughed, pulling out of the kiss and picking up one of the forks. Severus moved closer to her, kissing her bare shoulder before picking up the other fork and joining in eating. They enjoyed their breakfast, and Lydia had to admit that the mulled wine wasn't so bad with scrambled eggs, kippers, and toast. Better than pumpkin juice, anyway. Her morning was free of classes, but Severus had to teach, so they savored the time that eating in bed saved him, with him feeding her chocolate and kissing her repeatedly before she ushered him out for fear of his being late, and he promised that they would do whatever she wanted after dinner. As soon as he left, Lydia got out his gift to try on – lingerie that she'd purchased over the summer while he'd been too ill with wizard's flu to do the shopping. She looked at herself in the mirror, her eyes seeing every tiny flaw, every big flaw, and wondering if this was really the right gift after all. She was just sitting down with clothes on again to enjoy a cup of tea, satisfied that the lingerie fit, when a letter was slipped under the door. Lydia didn't have to get up to know it was from Remus, an apology perhaps, or something like it, hand-delivered by Albus when he knew Severus would be out of their quarters. She rubbed her temple for a moment, debating how much she was going to let Albus yank her around, but she knew she'd read the letter. Her willpower had never been as strong as it should have been where Remus was concerned. She set down her tea – which was still too hot, anyway – and she got up, scooping up the letter and sitting back down. She propped her feet up on the table and opened the letter, blinking as she scanned his handwriting first to determine his state of mind. When she saw that it seemed positive, she read it feeling mildly relieved. Lydia, It seems forever since I last saw you, since I last wrote you. Firstly, I'm sorry about that. I had things I needed to work through. My new job is keeping me very busy, so it's difficult to say when I'll be able to see you next, but I am certainly thinking of you consistently. I'll try to write more often, at the very least, and while I hate to ask, knowing how busy you are, it would mean a great deal to receive the occasional letter from you, as well. I am sure you and Severus have a great deal planned for today, in spite of your having classes to teach, so I'll try not to intrude greatly on your day, but I wanted to write and let you know how things were going on my end, and that I'm thinking of you. I mean, I'm always thinking of you, but just letting you know that. Happy Valentine's Day, Lydia. Remus She sighed, rubbing her forehead anxiously as she tried to decide what to do. Of course she would right him back, but she knew what Albus was trying to do, and she couldn't tell herself it wasn't working just a little bit. Just reading this letter, reading that he was always thinking of her, it made her want to drop everything and see if she could convince him how wrong he was about…everything. If she could just convince him that he was a man, not a monster. If she could only make him see that she loved him more than she was afraid, that it wasn't just his choice but her choice as well, maybe they could be happy together. But then where did that leave Severus? The thought cropped up bitterly as she set the letter down and began sipping her tea. When she thought of how Severus had kissed her that morning, when she thought of how he'd told her he'd missed her while he was away from her, she couldn't imagine what would become of him if she chose to leave. She felt tightness in her chest as she realized nothing had changed. She spent her time with Sirius terrified of leaving and hurting him, and unable to have Remus see how much she loved him. She still had made very little ground with Remus, but now she had Severus who needed her. It was different, she thought closing her eyes and drinking her tea. She and Severus at least always had honesty. She didn't tell him everything and he didn't tell her everything, but they didn't lie to each other. Even knowing what he was, she felt ashamed of having lied to Sirius, of letting him believe the lie that she loved him. Knowing what he had done, what he had taken from her, couldn't fully expunge her of that guilt. But Severus, for all his strength, was so terribly fragile. The question of love that Albus had raised was irrelevant. If she left him, if she abandoned him for Remus, even though they'd acknowledged that it was a possibility at the beginning, it would crush Severus, who had lost Lily to James, lost Lydia to the Marauders, every time he turned around. And Lydia, she had been his oldest friend, his closest friend, the one who knew what he hadn't even shared with Lily. She felt a horrible, suffocating guilt seize her chest and she set down her tea, just trying and struggling to breathe. It was ridiculous, because she wasn't going anywhere for some time, and yet here she was trying to rationalize what would happen if she left, how she could ever make it up to Severus, who would feel terribly abandoned. The fact of the matter was that with the way Remus reacted to the realization that he was kissing her with passion and intent, they were still ages away from Remus being in a position to accept her love for him, not without pushing him into commitment through guilt, and Lydia wasn't that sort of person. She didn't have the kind of internal strength it took to trap a man like that, and she would never be able to hold him when the darkness raged, as it would do. Because Lydia was still very much her own brand of broken, and if she tried to jump too soon, she'd shatter at the first struggle. And the thought that came next, the one that made her thoroughly disgusted with both herself and Albus (for putting it there), was that if she did such a thing, she would cut Severus so deep that he might not be there to put her back together again, like he'd done so many times. Lydia glanced at her watch, feeling keenly that it was nearly time to head up and teach, but she couldn't teach in this state. She couldn't possibly face a room full of students when all she wanted to do was curl up in a ball and cry. It took considerable resolve for her to cross to the fireplace and use the Floo to call Albus's office. She wasn't surprised to see him there, writing as though he hadn't just semi-intentionally shattered her for the day. "Lydia, my dear!" he said brightly, so brightly she wanted to rip out his twinkling blue eyes. "What can I do for you?" "I'm not well," she said stiffly. "Might you cover my classes this afternoon?" His eyes darkened, which did startle her, but he nodded slowly. "I hope you feel better," he said softly. "I find that when I come to a sense of decision and conclusion, I always feel a bit better." She wanted to scream at him, but she just muttered acknowledgement of his words and thanked him for taking her classes. She then went back to her tea, which she finished quickly before toying with pulling out a bottle of firewhiskey. But Severus would come back after classes, doubtless concerned that she had not made it to meals or classes, and she wouldn't want her breath to smell of firewhiskey if she wanted to avoid worrying him. So Lydia slipped out of her clothes and curled up in bed again, pressing her face into Severus's pillow and shivering as she wrapped the blankets around her body. She wanted to avoid thinking about anything, but she couldn't do that. Thoughts about how she could change Remus's mind, and then how such a thing would devastate Severus kept slipping through her head, torturing her. And she thought, for a moment, that she could smell that terrible, choking scent and she tried to find the source of it, but it was gone again. She dug her nails into her arms slightly curling back up in the blankets. There was no good way to do this, and she kept asking herself what Lily would say, were Lily here. Lydia supposed her friend would tell her she needed to take something to get some proper sleep, that she needed to talk it out with Severus, then Remus. She knew Lily would take Remus's side of things in regard to that horrible comment Remus made about her going from the bed of one Death Eater to the bed of another. And this time, she could see his Mark when he wrapped his arms around her at night, although it was greatly faded from when they were younger. But just like Lydia could never fully think of Sirius as a Death Eater, she'd never been able to paint Severus entirely with that brush. Because both men had been her friends for years before any of that happened. There had been usual teenage drama, and sometimes unusual teenage drama, but before the war truly ripped her life apart, they were both her friends. Now she just felt like that little reminder from Remus was like a collar she couldn't get off. And a nasty voice in the back of her head encouraged her to ask Severus exactly what the Dark Lord had wanted with her, although she knew she'd never ask. She pressed her face more firmly against the pillow and trembled more violently. She wasn't sure how long she'd laid there, going back and forth and round and round with the horrible choices she'd made, or the lack thereof, and she felt overwhelmed with guilt and pain, not realizing her stomach was empty, not noticing her throat was dry. When the bedroom door opened and Severus said her name, she curled into an even tighter ball. He sat down and smoothed her hair back. "What's wrong?" he asked. She shook her head, pressing her face into his knee where he was kneeling on the bed. He tried to pull her up to sitting but she didn't budge. "I'm a terrible person." "Don't be ridiculous," he said wearily, trying again to pull her up. "Remus was here while you were gone," she said, trembling, feeling terrible for keeping that from him, unable to hold it in. "I know." "He came by and I didn't know what to do, and I couldn't be rude." "Lydia, it's alright. That's nothing." But it wasn't nothing, and she couldn't understand how he couldn't see what she'd done, what she was doing. "He was right," she muttered, more to herself than to Severus. "Nothing's changed. I haven't changed. Look at me, I can't hurt you. I can't, can't, can't." "Lydia." "Even when I'm in pain," she whispered against his knee, "I can't stand worrying you. I want you to be happy, and I can't—" "Lydia." "Can't even fight when I want something, I'm so afraid of—" "Lydia!" The force and frustration in his voice startled and even frightened her as he pulled her up by her wrists, his eyes flashing as she looked up at him through wide, nervous eyes. His gaze was black and wide and firm and she felt terribly small as she wondered if he even understood half of what was plaguing her, if she even wanted him to. When she tried to catch her breath, he sat down beside her, pulling her head to his chest and kissing the top of her head. "You need more sleep," he said with almost painful gentleness. "Lydia, you're working yourself into a frenzy over nothing." "I'm a terrible person," she whispered into his chest, thinking of how she'd treated Sirius, how she was treating him. "You should hate me." "I could never hate you," he whispered, kissing the top of her head again. "And you're not a terrible person." She pulled away, looking up at his face, wishing he could understand, willing him to understand. He had to see what she might do, what she may have done. She wasn't sure at this point what was real and what was fantasy, but she knew she had wished and planned and imagined at the very least all manner of terrible things. "Please say you would," she said grabbing his hand intently, squeezing it violently. "You have to say you would." He sighed, shaking his head, about to argue again, but she pressed a finger to his lips and said. "What if I hurt someone?" she asked, feeling the corners of her vision blur. "You would never hurt someone, Lydia," he said, kissing her finger and taking her hand in his hand firmly. "But I did," she whispered, blinking avidly to try to stop the flow of tears. "I killed her." "Dalia? Lydia, she was destroying you. That's not the same." She choked and shook her head as he tried to hold her. She didn't want to be held. "I killed them. I…. Every night he comes and hurts them and makes me and then he kills me. Every night he comes to kill me." "Who?" Severus asked, with surprising softness, lifting her face from her chin. "Lydia, who?" She gasped, shivering, squeezing her eyes shut again as she whispered Sirius's name. Instead of hating her, instead of pushing her away, he pulled her close, whispering soothing words, smoothing her hair as she shook from fear and adrenaline. When she finally calmed enough, she whispered, "Please say you would." "Lydia, I couldn't hate you." "What…what if I…." He hummed, trying to coax the horrible word from her, the word that made her whole body sick with guilt. Finally, she took a deep breath and whispered, "What if I left someday?" His body tightened and she felt the tears at the corners of her eyes again and she knew that no matter what he said, he would never forgive her if she left. "I wouldn't hate you," he said, his voice tight. "Are…are you thinking of leaving?" Lydia said nothing, turning her face to press it into his neck. Severus petted her hair and said nothing for a long moment. She pulled away finally and looked up at him, feeling a total mess. He must have seen through where her tears wiped away the cream because one of his fingers traced the circles under her eyes and he frowned. "I never want to hurt you," she whispered, her face twitching. "I never, ever want…. Severus, I don't want you to have to worry, and I'm so, so sorry." He didn't look at her eyes, but at where his fingers were tracing under them. "Are you leaving, Lydia?" She shook her head, but she wanted him to understand that wasn't the point. She wasn't talking about now, she was talking about the past. About the future. About nightmares. The present was just something caught between those things. "Then why the hysterics?" he asked, his voice a little bit sterner, and she knew he was trying to help her, but he was also guarding himself from the things she'd said. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "Stop," he said softly. "Stop apologizing. You need more sleep." "Yes," she whispered. "Do you want me to give you something?" She hesitated, knowing it would make Severus worry less if she took something. It would be what Lily would want her to do, maybe what Albus would want her to do. But she wasn't sure how to explain that the eerie dreamlessness those potions produced wasn't an improvement on the nightmares, just a different kind of hell. "N-no," she finally said. "I just…. No. It'll be better with you back." She wasn't lying, not exactly. She wanted to believe it as much as she wanted him to believe it, and she could have sighed with relief when he nodded slowly that he would honor her choice. He kissed her forehead, asked if she wanted a cup of tea and something to eat, and she sighed that yes, she would like that very much. A/N: Lydia has confessed, in a manner of speaking, her nightmares to Severus, and Albus's tinkering is having some unintended and messy consequences. Review Prompt: How do you think Severus is feeling right about now? -C
A/N: To the Guest(s) whose reviews have brightened my day, THANK YOU. Keep it up. -C Since her Valentine's Day meltdown, Lydia and Severus had been carefully avoiding any number of sensitive topics. He hadn't mentioned Remus to her, she hadn't given him an opportunity for her nightmares to be brought up, and they'd both been avoiding Albus as much as humanly possible. Conversation consisted of immediate wants and needs, work, and sex. This suited Lydia fine for the moment, as under the carefully constructed exterior of having everything together, she was walking from day to day feeling like she was falling apart. She sat in her office, marking essays as quickly as possible, and wanting to get back to their quarters so she could practice the meditations she'd wanted to do for strengthening her Occlumency shields. Ongoing lessons had gone well, with him only getting glimpses at her memories of Theia's collapse in her office, or sessions with Dalia, or things that were actually nightmares with Dalia in them. The glimpses he had couldn't possibly tell him anything, and Severus had expressed his being impressed with her rapid and extensive improvement. She wasn't even admitting to herself that she needed the exercises just to keep her sane and moving through the day, but the benefits were doubled. A knock on the door caused her neck to stiffen. It might be Severus, but it was more likely Albus trying to catch her alone. If it was either one, they'd know she was in there, and it wouldn't do to ignore the knock. She sighed. "Come in." She was hoping for a student, but it happened to be Quirinus, who looked much more anxious than he had at the beginning of the year. "Sorry," he said, smiling tightly and nervously. "I see you're busy. I don't mean to bother you." "No, please, come in," she said, gesturing for him to sit. He did so, and she knew she meant it. She could use a break from all the mess in her life, and he was completely separate from all of that. When Quirinus wanted to talk with her, it was seeking advice, and she appreciated knowing she could help someone else. "Sorry, I just thought I'd ask your advice on something." Lydia nodded, setting down her quill. "Well, I've had this offer, to do a year in Albania of all places, studying all manner of Dark Creatures. And I've really not had much practical experience, so I thought it might be a good idea." A shiver ran down her spine and she frowned, looking down at her quill before looking up at him. A lot could happen in a year, and that curse…. "It would only be a sabbatical," he said, "but I'm not totally sure it's worth taking the year away from students. What do you think?" "Well," she said slowly, frowning, "it's not the…safest place, Albania, is it?" He frowned, puzzled, and said, "Well, that was basically the idea." She flicked a bit of her hair out of her eyes, trying to think of the right way to express her reticence, when he laughed nervously and said, "You're not talking about the curse, are you? You don't really believe in that." Lydia shrugged awkwardly, knowing she absolutely believed in it. "You went here," she said. "In seven years, tell me you didn't have seven Defense Against the Dark Arts professors." He was about to say something, but he paused, frowning, and said, "Eight, actually. The man teaching my sixth year had a massive coronary about a third of the way through and had to be replaced. Nine if you count the month Albus taught us." Lydia gave him a there-you-have-it grin and said, "I'm not saying don't do it, just never take it for granted that you'll absolutely be able to teach next year." "Is that why you don't seem outraged that Severus didn't get the position?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "Because you're worried about the curse?" After nibbling for a moment on her lip, Lydia sat forward and said, "Quirinus, when a person's lived through what I have, that person learns that only a fool takes the word curse lightly, proven or unproven." She could see that he wanted to ask her something, perhaps about Severus and perhaps about the war, but he finally nodded and said, "I'm very sorry." Thinking he must be talking about distracting her from work, Lydia shook her head and said, "Oh, don't worry about it. Distractions are welcome." "No," he said, rubbing his neck lightly. "I…I'm sorry you've had to deal with so much. If I…." He hesitated, looking over her shoulder before meeting her eye again and saying, "If I had the power, I'd make it all vanish." Her lips twitched as she wondered what Severus would make of such an almost child-like statement. "No one has that kind of power." "I don't believe that," he said, almost too quickly, and she thought she saw his cheeks flush. "Anyway, I…I would." Lydia really wasn't sure what to say, and she could almost hear a young Severus telling her about the new spells he was learning as he curled his fingers over hers to show how much his hands had grown. Somewhere warmer. "Thank you," she said softly, "but I…I don't think I know who I'd be without my…mess. I'm not sure I want to know." Quirinus didn't seem to know what to make of this, and he took his leave. Lydia shivered, deciding she wanted to take dinner out of the Hall, unable to stop thinking about Severus curling his fingers over hers, and wondering what Albus would do if Quirinus asked for a sabbatical. Would he decide it was alright to put Severus in for a year in his place? Would he find yet another person who knew they were on a one-year-only contract? She ate the food she had an elf bring to her, and then curled up on her side of the bed, closing her eyes. She hardly noticed Severus coming in until he slipped his arms around her and nuzzled his lips against her ear. Lydia sighed and shifted. "Are you awake?" he said. "Mostly," she sighed, slipping her hands over his hands. He sighed against her neck and she felt him press against her back, pulling her close. "Are you unwell?" "Just very tired," she said, which wasn't exactly a lie, but was easier than telling him what was on her mind. She wasn't sure she could even verbalize it if she wanted to. He kissed the base of her neck and said, "Then sleep well." She expected him to slip away from her to let her sleep, but she was surprised that he simply held her as she closed her eyes, allowing her consciousness ebb and flow. She was slipped through the world of the surreal and the world of the real, coaxed through by the gentle sound of Severus's breathing and the feel of his breath on her neck. Lydia felt the hair on the back of her neck standing on end as she stood in the middle of a cool room. She opened her eyes, looking around at the entrance hall, knowing it was the middle of the night, even though her dreams were almost always in this strange, colorless coldness lately. She could hear her breathing, deep and heavy and too loud for the space she was in. For one brief moment she was about to speak, but her throat seemed to close when she felt a hand slip into hers, smelled the strange smell that had begun to remind her of death and fear, and she didn't have to look to know it was Sirius beside her. Her knees wobbled, but she allowed him to lead her forward, toward the stairs down to the dungeons. Lydia didn't have to look to know that it was Mary again hanging from the rafters, pale and limp, blood dripping off her toes to a small puddle below. She didn't have to look, but she couldn't seem to look away as Sirius's voice was in her ear. "I had her," he whispered, amused as Lydia felt nausea stirring up in her stomach. "We all had her. Even when she wasn't all there, she was better than you. Never a hesitation." Lydia wanted to scream. It couldn't be true. She didn't want to, couldn't believe that Sirius had been such a monster in school, that he would have ever hurt Mary. And yet, she knew what he'd done to his supposed best friend and she felt sick again. She tried to pull her hand from his, but he gripped her tighter and she turned to look at him, feeling a flash of terror. His eyes were sunken, almost hollow and wild like his cousin's eyes had always been. Like a deep and terrible echo of what she had seen in his eyes sometimes when he'd had too much to drink and got angry with her. "Please," she whispered, although she didn't know what she was asking. "There you go," he said back, amused still as she tried to not hear the sound of Mary's blood dripping to the stone steps below. "Begging. I bet Snivellus makes you beg. I bet he likes to know that you're beneath him." Lydia felt sick. "Such a prize," Sirius snarled, grinning. "Funny, isn't it, how even with your tainted half-blood everyone we knew wanted to taste you, to parade you around as an eager and meek little wife. Maybe even a mistress. He hated that I had you, and I never let him forget it." She wanted to be out of this nightmare. She desperately wanted to shower, to leave this mess behind. But as much as she tried to get out of the dream, she knew it wasn't over until Sirius tried to kill her. "Now he won't get to enjoy you anymore," Sirius said, his eyes wild and angry again as he approached her, and she knew her relief must be near. "He can't have what I can't have, Lydia. If I don't have you, no one can have you." So desperate to leave the dream, Lydia almost put his hands around her neck herself, but she needn't. The hands were there, and somehow they were also over her nose and mouth, like he was putting a bag over her head and constricting it at the neck. Breathing was difficult, painful, and she could almost taste musty, bristly fabric in her nose and mouth, the fabric of this bag she had not seen or been aware of. Was there a bag, or were her eyes closed? It didn't matter. She could hear his barks of laughter as she struggled to breathe. The attempts were not willful or willing, but she was breathing, or trying, regardless. Did nightmares have unconscious reflexive breath? She began to choke on the fabric, and before she could think of what the word was for the horrible taste of it…. Lydia's eyes opened as she felt Severus roll her onto her front, concern on his face. Her hand went to her neck, but it felt cool and normal. He was checking her eyes with his lit wand and she coughed slightly. "What happened?" he said, still checking her eyes as she tried to catch her breath and swat away the light of his wand. "Lydia, what happened?" She shook her head, trying to splutter out that it was just a nightmare, and he seemed to understand what she was saying, but he shook his head, unsure. "Lydia, you weren't breathing," he said lowering his wand and looking searchingly at her face. "That's…. Nightmare's don't do that." She shivered, pulling her knees to her chest, not meeting his eyes. "Lydia?" She hummed, trying to decide what to tell him. She could still smell that terrible, pungent smell from the bag in her dream, the smell of death and fear. She closed her eyes and could see Sirius's wild eyes. She opened them again sharply. "I…. Mary," she whispered, feeling terribly small. Severus paused, but he slipped a hand to her knee and slid it back and forth as she shook her head. She wanted to ask him, but she was afraid to ask. "Do you want to go back to sleep?" he asked, kissing her fingers. "I don't think I can," she admitted softly, still struggling to find a natural rhythm of breathing. Severus made them tea and sat up with her as she tried to act naturally. It took some time for her breathing to normalize, and Lydia knew the only reason he wasn't pressing her harder on the whole matter was that she had frightened him, and he didn't want to say so in such stark terms. But she had seen in his eyes, a look that captured perfectly how she'd felt when Albus told her that her world had turned completely upside down. After some time, Lydia must have fallen asleep on Severus's chest, because she woke up just before breakfast when he climbed out of bed, disturbing her too much for her to sleep through. "Sorry," she said, rubbing her eyes as she sat up. "Whatever for?" Severus said coolly. "You should shower if you want time to dry your hair before classes." She felt a shiver down her spine at how nonchalant he was about the whole thing, but she suspected he was trying not to let her see that it did bother him. She didn't want to think about what it would be like when he couldn't ignore it anymore, so she didn't think about it. Instead, she sighed, stretching as she went to the shower without a word. The day was long, but Lydia was getting through it admirably until she was confronted with the eyes of Nymphadora Tonks, obviously having gotten away with something earlier in the day that she was feeling mischievously pleased about. Lydia had seen that same look in Sirius's eyes so many times, and it was a version of that look that had been in his eyes in her nightmare last night, just before he tried to strangle her. Lydia felt sick to her stomach at the first sight of this look, and she took a deep breath, looking toward Charlie instead. She managed to teach most of her class that way, avoiding looking at Tonks, but she could see that Charlie had noticed, and was slowly looking more and more puzzled. She had taken some time to look over the essays she was about to hand back, and she made the mistake of looking into Tonks's eyes again and nearly lost her balance. "Professor?" Charlie said, startled, actually leaping to his feet. "Professor Rowe, are you alright?" "M'fine," she lied with a weak smile. "I must have pushed myself too hard last night. I need to get to bed earlier. Not as young as I used to be." Charlie clearly wasn't buying this, but he said nothing, slowly sitting again, frowning and blinking rapidly. Lydia could almost hear Quirinus's strange, naïve statement about wanting to take away all her struggles if he had the power. Charlie's well-meaning but still very adolescent concern. Severus's flat-out fear when he woke her the night before. Was it really naïve? Wouldn't Severus do the same? Hadn't he spent half their lives looking for a way to take away their struggles, their pain? When they were young it was as simple as the removal of their parents, but somehow now it involved a sleeping potion and learning to block out intruders to her mind, where even Severus couldn't protect her. Lydia had little warning as the world went slow for the tiniest second. Her knees gave out, and she was vaguely aware of someone rushing to catch her before she hit her head on the hard floor. She heard Charlie barking orders at his classmates, and she fainted out of consciousness. Sometime later, she could only assume, Lydia opened her eyes in the infirmary, to the sound of Severus arguing with Poppy in Poppy's office. She smiled slightly as she tried to sit up, but her limbs felt strangely weak, almost separate from her body as she made the fruitless attempt. She grunted with frustration and she heard Poppy's voice soften, but Severus pushed through, slamming the door behind him, probably in Poppy's face, and he sat beside her, his eyes scanning her face. "Sorry," she murmured again as she tried to sit up. "Why do you persist in apologizing, you foolish woman?" he snapped. She smiled slightly, not sure why for a long moment. He wasn't calling her a girl anymore, she realized. When he was upset, he had called her a woman, and for some reason that was a nice feeling. "What happened?" she asked, allowing him to help her into a sitting position. "You collapsed in your class," he said, hiding a caress of her jaw as a checking of her pulse. She saw him glance to be sure Poppy wasn't looking. "Weasley caught you, or you likely would have sustained injury. Why do you insist upon being a continual danger to yourself?" "I'll try harder not to be a danger to myself," she teased weakly. "I should…. Well, I'd really like a cup of tea." He glanced over his shoulder again. Poppy was very clearly focusing on something on her desk and Severus quickly kissed Lydia's lips, a swift but lingering kiss, and she found herself leaning into it, so that she moved toward him when he pulled away. "Come on," he said, sternly. "Before she realizes you're leaving and makes a fuss." Lydia fought a childish giggle as she let Severus pull her out of the cot and support her weight, the two of them sneaking out of the infirmary like schoolchildren, so that he could make her a cup of tea in their bed and hold her as he so clearly wanted to do. She relaxed in his arms with her tea, biting back another apology, knowing it would only frustrate him to offer it as he squeezed her tightly against his chest. A/N: So, Quirrell is thinking about Albania, Lydia is having serious (and Sirius?) issues, and Severus has a big scare. Review Prompt: When d'you suppose her nightmare issues will become more than just a concern for her and Severus? And how? -C
Over about a two-week period, Severus tested Lydia's mental defenses heavily. She assumed he was looking for something that was triggering her increasingly terrifying nightmares, and she'd had to block him from memories of everything from Dalia's maltreatment to Theia collapsing in Lydia's office. Her great fear was that by access to one thing, he'd find a way to access everything. She wasn't sure what she was more afraid of, him seeing the kinds of nightmares she was having, or him knowing what seeds of confusion and even doubt those nightmares were raising in her. Finally, he sat down while she was drinking a cup of tea and reading one of Charlie's essays. She immediately tensed, expecting him to try another invasion, when he said softly, "We won't need any more lessons." Lydia blinked, confused, and she made sure her defenses were strong before looking him in the eye. "What do you mean?" she asked, mildly terrified although she couldn't think why. He raised an eyebrow, amused, and tucked a bit of her pale hair behind her ear. "You've become an accomplished Occlumens, Lydia," he said, kissing the corner of her mouth. "I'm not saying you're a master of the art, but I trust that your mind is safe from most onslaughts. You've come a long way." Lydia was flattered, but she said nothing for a long while, setting down her tea cup. "I don't feel it," she admitted softly, but she was afraid to say why. She knew he was still trying to find out what was really going on with her dreams, and in more and more of them Sirius's voice had pressed that point that Severus had known what he was and never told her. But then, she'd never asked, really. She'd never suspected that Sirius could be what he was. Perhaps she was as naïve as the nightmare-Sirius said she was. "Then trust me," Severus said, wrapping his arms around her. He kissed the top of her head and she closed her eyes. "There is…. There is little that matters more to me than your safety. I do not trifle with it." She closed her eyes and she could see Sirius's wild eyes there, laughing at her for relaxing when Severus said such things. Her eyes opened again and she must have stiffened, because Severus turned to her, frowning. "What is it?" he asked, and she hastily grabbed her tea. Lydia took a quick drink of her tea to buy thinking time and she smiled, saying, "Toilet," hastily. She kissed the side of Severus's mouth on her way by and hurried in to the toilet, shivering again when she sank to the floor, biting her lip. Lydia hoped he wasn't out there wondering if she was telling him the truth. The very idea that she'd given him that one-word lie made her feel sick to her stomach, but she just didn't know what to say to him. She didn't know how she would begin to tell him, or even if she could. Still, the knowledge that he wouldn't be poking around in her mind, unprovoked anyway, was something of a relief, because she wasn't even sure it was hers anymore. She touched her neck with the cool skin of her fingertips, wondering for the first time in her life what it had been like for Mary when she died. Had she been afraid? Could someone be afraid through the Imperius Curse? Or had she been under someone else's control for so long that nothing would scare her anymore? Had she died before or after they tied her to the rafters? Lydia caressed her own throat, wondering if Mary had felt pain before her exsanguination, if it had been a sharp and piercing kind of feeling, or if Mary wasn't able to feel anything. Probably she'd been in pain, Lydia supposed. The boys she'd known were guilty weren't the sort to enjoy doing such work without getting to watch suffering. Had Sirius known? Had he been there? Could he have been there? The Marauders seemed to have the ability to melt through the castle, be wherever they wanted whenever they wanted without difficulty. It was possible he could have been there, been part of Mary's demise, and still come back to pretend he knew nothing of it. But he couldn't have been, Lydia told herself, feeling her fingers across the delicate skin of her throat. She'd known him then. You thought you knew him later, too, said the nasty voice in the back of her mind. She closed her eyes and she could see the dripping of blood off Mary's toes, into the puddle below. Lydia squeezed her own neck tightly with her fingers, holding her breath, wondering what it would be like to die. Would it hurt, or was it like floating? Like flying. Lydia loved flying, missed the feel of being above everything, the wind in her ears, nothing but herself and the air. Even falling from her broom the few times it had happened was exhilarating, knowing that someone would always stop her from hitting the ground. Tears were rolling down her cheeks from the pressure she was putting on herself, and there was a knock at the door. "Lydia?" Severus said, sounding very awkward. "We're going to be late for the staff meeting." She cleared her throat, wiping her eyes, turning her body so her voice was coming from the right way and feeling thankful that toilets were echo-y places. "Be right out," she said, waiting until she heard nothing to pull herself to her feet and turn on the sink faucet. She wiped her face, sorted out her hair, and dotted some of the cream around her eyes to hide the crying. But there was bruising on her neck and she cursed herself for her stupidity. She fumbled around for the bruise paste, knowing it wouldn't work soon enough. "Severus?" she called, turning off the sink. "What?" "I can't find the bruise paste." "I need to make some more," he said. "What happened?" She cursed under her breath, trying to decide what she could say. "I-I don't know," she said, which wasn't far off the truth. She really couldn't understand why she'd done it, couldn't fathom what she'd been thinking. Had she been thinking. "Let me see," he said, sounding mildly concerned, but mostly irritated. She opened the bathroom door and his eyes went immediately to her neck, which confirmed that they were as bad as they looked. "What?" he said softly, moving her hair to get a better look at the marks. "I don't know," she whispered, shaking as he touched them. "They weren't there earlier, were they?" She could have hit herself for asking such a thing, for drawing his attention to the fact that she hadn't had them when she left for the toilet. "Lydia, things are finger imprints." She could almost feel a hand around her wrist, and Sirius's voice saying it looked an awful lot like a handprint. "Are they?" she asked, her voice going higher. She opened her eyes, feeling tears on her cheeks again. His eyes were wide, almost startled, like the night he'd woken her up when she wasn't breathing. She knew he wanted to say that they were about the size of her fingerprints, but he didn't. Instead he just shook his head, clearly frustrated and concerned, and he kissed her forehead, caressing her hair back. "It's still cold enough to wear a turtleneck," he told her with almost shaming gentleness. "You were going to do some shopping for supplies after the meeting?" "Yes," she said, having forgotten all about it. Guilt squirmed in her stomach. "I'll make a fresh batch while you're out," he said, wrapping his arms around her. "I don't…." He sighed, kissing the top of her head again before he left her standing alone. Lydia swallowed, wiping her face hastily and hurrying to change into a turtleneck, as he'd suggested. She smoothed her hair again and they hurried up to the staff meeting, where everyone but Kettleburn was already present. Kettleburn, Lydia had learned that morning, was going to be in St. Mungo's for a couple of days for another occupational hazard. She thought he might have lost most of another finger. "Excellent," Albus said, his eyes glimmering as Severus and Lydia entered. Such was the habit of the staff that even though they were the last to arrive, their usual seats were still wide open. No one would have dared take Severus's seat, and although Lydia knew that several teachers rather liked the chair that Lydia used but were not foolish enough to try to take Lydia's spot beside Severus. No one wanted to guess how he might react to such a thing. So Lydia sat beside him, shifting in her seat, sighing as she smiled weakly at the bright expression of Quirinus, who sat across from her. "We were just discussing upcoming exams," Albus said, and she didn't miss the small glance he gave her that told her quite plainly that he'd noticed something was wrong. "Did either of you have any particular input?" "No," Severus said gruffly, and Lydia paused long enough to appear that she'd considered the matter before shaking her head. "Very well," Albus said. "Quirinus, do you feel prepared to give exams?" "Prepared as I'll ever be, I suppose," he said, laughing. "I always hated exams as a student, didn't you?" The question was addressed to the whole staff, but he looked right at Lydia, who was far too tired and confused for this sort of thing right now. Severus bristled beside her as several members of staff chuckled their mild appreciation of the comment, and Lydia just looked down at her fingernails. She'd have to put Severus at ease before they were able to go to bed that night, or surely he would worry too much to let her sleep without one of those awful concoctions. "Well, let us know if there is anything any of us can give you," Albus said, smiling almost tightly. "Lydia, does your draft deadline cause you any problems for exam season?" "I've had it pushed back until after the feast," she said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "They couldn't really afford to say no." A few of the professors hummed interest, and when Quirinus chuckled, Severus said tightly, "No. They really can't afford to tell her no. Her publications bankroll their entire pathetic publishing company." Quirinus looked mildly startled that Severus had spoken to him, much less with such sharpness, and Lydia just wanted to sink into her chair, to melt into the floor the way the Marauders always seemed able to melt into the castle. "I'll just…." She trailed off, but Albus gave her a kindly smile and changed the topic. Lydia sat through the rest of the staff meeting without having to say a word, and she managed to extract herself from a conversation Quirinus tried to engage her in and leave the room with swift feet, determined to go to Hogsmeade, shop, clear her head a bit. But Quirinus followed her out, down the corridor, not saying anything until he was certain Severus wasn't going to hop out from behind a tapestry. "He doesn't own you, you know," Quirinus said with surprising firmness. "You're allowed to speak for yourself." "I do speak for myself," she said bitingly. "Now I have errands to run and I would appreciate it if you would leave off this silly conversation before you make a fool of yourself." As she turned the corridor, she heard him call after her, "You even sound like him when you're worried about what he thinks!" Lydia wasn't sure why, but somehow that seemed to have merit, but she shook it away. If it wasn't about clearing her head for the night, it didn't matter. It couldn't matter, because making bruise paste didn't take very long, and neither did her shopping. She was just about to leave the village when she saw Remus, and called his name, relieved to see a friendly face. It didn't stay friendly, though. At the sight of her, his face fell, perhaps out of memory of what happened over the new year. He did interact, but he didn't seem terribly pleased about it. "Lydia," he said, tightly. "You look…." He was obviously going to say well, but he could see from looking at her that she didn't look well at all. Lydia blushed, brushing her hair behind her ear, and immediately wishing she hadn't, because his eye clearly caught the top of a bruise on her neck. He worked his mouth slightly, then his jaw, obviously itching and burning to know what the bruise was from, to be certain it wasn't Severus. But would he believe her? Severus had given her bruises before, and she couldn't possibly tell him where they really came from. He inhaled sharply and she said, "It wasn't him." Remus's jaw worked again until he nodded tightly and said, "I have to go." "Remus." "Have a nice evening." "Remus, please," she said, knowing plainly from his eyes that he didn't believe her. But he was gone, and he hadn't stopped to hear her side of things. She wanted to go after him and make him see, but there was nowhere to go. She didn't know where he was these days. Nearby, she supposed, if he was shopping here instead of London, but that could be anywhere from the tip of Scotland to round about Coventry. Unable to make an excuse to continue out and about, Lydia swallowed the painful lump in her throat and walked to the castle, going straight to the quarters that were really Severus's, but she'd come to think of as hers. Severus was pacing their bedroom when she came in with her purchases, and he held up the bruise paste, ignoring how upset she was, or perhaps assuming it was because of the marks, because of the things that were always bothering her lately. He didn't ask and she didn't offer any explanations, just folded the collar down so that Severus could carefully apply the paste. When he was done he kissed her jaw. "This needs to end," he said almost sadly. "What?" she asked, truly puzzled by not only what he said, but how he said it. "Whatever this is," he said, touching her neck gently. "I…I need to ask you something. And I want an honest answer, and I want you to…. I don't want…" He sighed. "Just please, don't take offense to the question. I just need to know." "What?" she asked again, surprised when he sat down on the foot of the bed, weary as he looked up at her. He took a deep breath and said, "Lydia, are you…trying to die?" The whole concept repulsed her, and that nasty voice in the back of her head told her that dying might be nice, but she shook her head firmly. Severus didn't seem sure, and she sighed. "I'm not, Sev," she said, feeling her tiredness in full as she looked at his face soften. He took her hands and kissed them, and she knew from the dropping of his shoulders that he was relieved to hear her say that. She hated that she'd not only worried him, but that she had scared him. "It feels like you're slipping away," he said softly, his lips still pressed to her hands. "I'm right here." But she knew what he meant. Not since Dalia had she been so distant, and seeing him now, really being able to see him, she knew that he must have been a wreck during that mess and she just couldn't see. Severus surprised her by resting his head on her abdomen, wrapping his arms around her body to pull her closer. She stepped between his legs, as much to keep her balance as anything else, and she felt a weight of guilt, of a need to tell him everything, but how could she now? How could she, after hearing and realizing just how afraid he actually was, how could she let him see the things her unconscious mind was saying about him? After some time, when her legs grew too tired to stand straight like that, her knees buckled and Severus let go of her, helping her into bed. She'd only just settled on her side when he wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his face in her hair. She closed her eyes, thinking that Remus was worried that Severus was hurting her, and Severus was terrified that she was hurting herself, and she wasn't actually sure that Severus wasn't right. She didn't want to die, she told herself again, but she wasn't sure what she'd want when she closed her eyes. She stared at the far wall, listening to Severus's breathing, feeling it through her hair, feeling it against her back, feeling the weight of his arm over her side, the strength of his fingers where they locked together around her, like they were trying to lock her into place in his arms, as though he was afraid she'd fall out of them in the night. Perhaps she would, she thought darkly, feeling her eyes begin to water, half from the pain in her chest and half from the strain of trying not to close them. At least, she told herself as she heard Severus's breathing change to signal her that he'd fallen asleep, at least she could only really smell the bruise paste. Perhaps it would block out whatever that scent was, the one that was haunting her nightmares, and sometimes solitary waking moments. The scent that seemed to smother her, to torture her, to choke her and torment her. It seemed to bring out the worst things in her past and lay them all out before her with the smell of something like death and fear just lingering in her nostrils. At least she couldn't smell it now, she thought as she blearily lost her battle with sleep. A/N: So, Lydia is beginning to feel heavy effects of her nightmares, Severus is struggling to keep his cool, Remus is attempting to keep his, and Quirrell. Like, seriously. Even I'm going wtf on that one, so I'm sure y'all will. Review Prompt: What do you make of Severus calling off her Occlumency Lessons? -C
Lydia had come to believe, in her adult life, that her birthday was supposed to be a happy occasion. Celebration, cake, a glass of wine with Severus, sometimes a visit from Remus…. Today, she was thinking of revising that belief, as she and Severus were fighting before breakfast and livid with each other by lunch. It had started with small things. Hogging the covers. Not wanting to share a shower. Lydia having wanted to have breakfast in the Great Hall where Severus insisted on having it in their quarters. By lunchtime, they were moved on to much bigger things. "I suppose there's a reason you didn't tell me you saw him in April," Severus snarled. "Perhaps he's coming to collect you, which is why you're so eager to go upstairs." It took Lydia a moment to realize he was talking about Remus, and she felt her stomach drop, knowing that once fights about Remus began, the only ever got nastier before things could get better. In truth, she'd forgotten all about running into Remus, with everything else that had been going on that day. It didn't occur to her that it was something worth mentioning. "Or maybe you're interested in meeting with Quirrell," he snarled. "Oh, honestly," she cried out, finally taking the bait. She saw his nostrils flare, and when she got up to put the kettle on, hoping to drown out the sound of his absurdities, he followed her. "It wouldn't be the first time," he said firmly. "It wouldn't be the first time you would sneak off with one of the Defense teachers, leaving me to guess what was wrong. You've certainly been distant lately." "I'm working through some things," she said coolly. He snorted. "You think I haven't noticed that you're exhausted?" he snapped. "You think I can't tell when you get up in the middle of the night, short of breath, covered in bruises sometimes? You can't hide from me, Lydia." She sank onto the sofa, staring at the wall. How could she tell him what she couldn't understand? She didn't really know where to begin. Suddenly, the scent teased her nostril, and she turned her head toward it, trying to see what it was. "Lydia?" he snapped, obviously annoyed that she didn't seem to be listening to his ranting and raving. "Do you smell that?" she asked softly, unable to stop the quivering in her own voice. "What?" he snapped, and she was on her feet, trying to find it. She couldn't explain what it was, because she'd never seen it, and she still couldn't place what was familiar about it. Lydia licked her lips, crouching to the floor when she could see nothing at eye level. It seemed stronger, but she couldn't decide where exactly it was, and it was already fading fast after the initial burst. "No," she muttered, frustrated. "No, no, no!" "Lydia." "Damn it, why is it never around when we can catch it?" she cried. "Why can't I prove it's real?" "What?" She hugged her knees to her chest and shook her head. "That smell," she muttered, almost more to herself than to Severus. "How can you not have smelled it? It was right there." "Lydia," he said, frustrated, but clearly trying to calm himself. She beseeched him with her eyes to understand, but he didn't seem to know what to make of her. "I think it's trying to kill me, Severus," she said, surprised at how small her own voice was. "I think it comes in my sleep to kill me." "Lydia, you aren't well," he insisted, trying to pull her to her feet, but she refused to budge. She wanted to catch the smell when it came back, and she was certain now it came from somewhere on the floor. "Damn it, Lydia, you're driving yourself mad with lack of sleep." "I'm not mad," she snapped, lashing out her arms as he tried to lift her again, and he backed away. "I'm not mad. That smell is there, I'm telling you, and I will figure it out, and I don't need you or Remus or anyone else to figure it out. I will prove it to you!" Severus made a frustrated motion like he wanted to hit something, but he didn't. He paced to the far wall and back to her, where she was looking around for any sign of what the smell might be. "Lydia, I have been exceedingly patient with you, but you're not well," he said coolly. "You need medical attention." "No," she muttered. She wasn't mad. Why couldn't he understand that? She wasn't mad. There wasn't anything wrong with her, she just had this smell that was plaguing her dreams with all these terrible memories and reminders of mistakes. If she could just find the smell, end that smell, whatever it was, then everything would be right again. "Lydia, will you just be reasonable?" he snapped. "For Merlin's sake, at least get some sleep! If you won't let me help you, at least stop destroying yourself!" "I'm not," she said, digging her nails into her legs. "I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!" Why couldn't he see that it wasn't her? Why couldn't he see that she was just trying to manage with whatever was happening to her, and that if she didn't hang on like this she would be swept away on the tide of whatever this was? Severus knelt beside her, trying to look her in the eye, but she knew what he was up to. He was trying to see into her mind, when she was too upset to stop him, when she couldn't focus enough to keep her walls steady. She pulled away from his touch, breathing heavily through her nose, squeezing her eyes tightly as she held her breath. Finally, Severus sighed in frustration and she heard him walking away from her. When the door to their quarters slammed she relaxed slightly, but a horrible sensation of guilt and shame filled her. Of course he didn't understand. How could he? He hadn't seen her dreams. He didn't know the kinds of things she was juggling, how confusing it all was, how sleep was the last thing she wanted because that was where the monsters lived. But she wasn't mad, she thought bitterly, and she managed to scramble over to her stack of essays to grade and she summoned a bottle of firewhiskey, curling up with the bottle as she picked up Percy Weasley's essay, which had been causing her some issues. Perhaps it would be easier to grade it while drinking, she decided. It did go faster, she decided, moving from essay to essay, sip to sip of firewhiskey, until the room started to spin around her, but she didn't mind. She had a thought of apologizing to Severus when she finished with the essays, and that seemed like a good plan. She wasn't entirely certain what she was apologizing for, but it certainly seemed like a good idea as she finished her bottle of firewhiskey. She managed to get through her marking on some strange stretch of luck, and she set down the empty bottle, scrambling for the table to get her balance. She was just about to fall when she felt her body suspended in air and she heard Severus say her name, concerned. He helped her onto the sofa and looked around at her marking and the empty bottle of firewhiskey. "Oh, Lydia," he sighed, smoothing her hair. "I…wanted t'pologize," she muttered, looking up at him. "For?" Lydia frowned, looking down at the floor again, screwing up her face to try to hold on to her train of thought. "Forgot." He sighed again, kissing her temple. "Do you want me to give you something to sober you up?" Lydia hummed her agreement, although she wasn't totally certain. Severus summoned a small vial and helped her drink it. Lydia rested her head on his shoulder as she felt her mind clear, felt the room come back into focus, and felt the splitting headache that always followed. "Oh, fuck," she sighed. "Pain." "I know," he said, kissing her head again. "I know. It'll pass." She groaned through gritted teeth and he carried her in to bed, putting out several candles to lower the light for her. Lydia groaned again and he told her to close her eyes. "I can't," she whimpered. "Don't you see? I can't. It's all there every time I close them. It's all right there." "What's there?" he asked, kissing her forehead, stroking her hair as she tried to calm herself. "Tell me, Lydia, please." "I don't want to burden you," she sighed, before gritting her teeth again through another throb of pain. He sighed, kissing her lips, then her forehead. He was obviously trying to think of what to do, what to say. She whimpered and he made a move like he was going to get something, but she hissed at him to stop and he relaxed again, kissing her forehead right over the worst of the pain. "Alright," he finally sighed, shifting so that he could curl up with her. "Alright. Alright, no potions for now. And you don't have to close your eyes if you don't want to." Lydia relaxed against his chest. "But will you promise me something?" She hummed, looking up at him. "Will you promise that if this gets worse, that if you start to lose your grip on…whatever this is, that you'll tell me? I don't need details, Lydia, I just need to know enough to help you. You don't have to do it alone. You never did." She pressed her face against his neck, and she could almost see the flash of green, the eerie light that lingered in the house as they went down to find the corpses of her parents. I'm not leaving you alone, Lydia. You shouldn't have to be alone right now. "Okay," she sighed, letting him wrap his arms around her. "I'm not imagining the smell." "Perhaps you're not," he said, smoothing her hair. "All I can say is that I have noticed no peculiar smells. That does not follow that there isn't one. You said Lupin didn't notice it either? I presume this was while I was away." "I asked if he could smell it, but he couldn't," she said, letting his fingers work through the strands, smoothing and untangling them. "He could only smell us. He…. Well, he couldn't focus in on anything else." Severus hummed and she knew he understood. He knew much more about werewolves than she did, as a part of his fascination with all things Dark, something that had worried her when they were children. It was usually a source of some comfort, anymore. She'd likely be dead without it. But she couldn't help hearing that little voice, that horrible voice that sounded remarkably like Sirius asking her how sure she could really be of a man so steeped in the Dark Arts. She'd trusted Sirius, after all, and look where that left her. She felt mildly nauseous and asked Severus if that was a side effect of the potion she'd taken as well. "Shouldn't be," he said, pressing his hand to her forehead and laying he back, checking her pulse and her pupils. "Lydia, you're showing signs of anxiety again. Are you alright?" "I…I…." She took a deep breath through her nostrils. "I think it's just been a really long day." "Long day," Severus murmured, frowning. "Lydia, have you not eaten lunch yet?" She shook her head slightly, realizing he was right. She'd yet to eat since her breakfast, and that had been paltry over the squabbling they'd been doing. He kissed her forehead, said that he'd be back once he'd ordered her some lunch, and told her to try to relax. As soon as he'd left the room she flared her nostrils slightly, sniffing the air, but she couldn't find it. It was frustrating, knowing something was there when no one else seemed to be aware of it. Severus returned quickly with a tray of food and a small wrapped box. She frowned slightly, sitting up as she realized that the whole point of the day was supposed to be her birthday, and she accepted the tray as he sat beside her on the bed, kissing her lips before handing her the box. "I meant to give this to you earlier," he said, his face twisting slightly, "but obviously there wasn't a very good time." Lydia snorted, unwrapping the box and finding inside a small, crystalized flower bloom. "Sev," she sighed, "this is…this is a real Eggblossom bloom. These are so…so terribly rare. Where did you get it?" "The conference," he said, smoothing her hair back again. "A man knew I had an interest in the development of potions for memory recovery." She raised an eyebrow. "Well, Albus and I have been thinking of possible treatments for the Longbottoms, and at one point Eggblossom seemed like the best possible course of action. I know now that it would be a hopeless angle, but I purchased it from him regardless. I knew you would appreciate it." Lydia shook her head and said, "You crystalized a bloom of the most valuable, most rare bloom to be used in brewing so you could give it to me?" "Of course," he said, smiling slightly. "I had no use for it. I could try to get a better price for it, but preserving Eggblossom on an international trip would have been virtually impossible. And no one else would appreciate it as you can. Happy birthday." "Thank you," she said, carefully setting the blossom back in the box and allowing him to set it on the side table as she picked up her fork. She frowned down at her food and felt a tremendous weight of sadness in her chest. "What's wrong?" he asked, concerned. "Pain again?" "No," she said, setting the fork down again. "Well, yes, but it's just that…. We're thirty, Sev. I've just turned thirty, and I don't feel any more in control of my life than I did at fifteen. I don't feel any happier, any healthier, any better off than I was in school." "You may not feel it," he said, kissing her fingers, "but you are. You make your own choices, even when it's not very good for you." She snorted. "You are at least physically healthier, because you eat well and you keep a healthy body. And as for happiness, you may not feel any happier right in this moment, but you have been happy. I would like to think you've been happy…recently." Lydia sighed, ignoring the throbbing in her temple as she picked up her fork again. She wasn't totally sure she agreed with him, but she supposed there had been happy moments along the way. Harry's birth. Lily's wedding. But those things had been tainted with the war, with Sirius. What did she really have left that was pure? Lydia ate silently as Severus sat with her, perhaps concerned that she would snap again if he left. He carefully cleared away the tray as she shifted on the bed, trying to decide what to do with the rest of her day, and Severus slipped under the covers beside her, wrapping his arms around her and resting his head on her breast. He so rarely did this that it startled her, but she raised a hand to put it in a more comfortable position and ended up caressing his face. "Would it help to do sleeping potions?" he asked. "Or do you believe it would make things worse?" Pondering this question, Lydia continued caressing his face. All the sleeping potions she knew in circulation would not get rid of the dreams. They would simply ensure that she slept through them a full eight hours, and considering some of the dreams she'd had, and considering her reactions to them, she couldn't imagine that would be the best possible solution. "Worse," she said softly. "It would make things worse." Severus hummed, obviously disappointed that he hadn't been able to find a solution to what was plaguing her. Lydia was slightly disappointed as well, but she wasn't surprised. He didn't even fully understand what was plaguing her, so how could he possibly find the solution? "I still can't believe you crystalized an Eggblossom for me," she sighed, looking down at his dark, dark eyes as she caressed his jaw. "Hundreds of galleons for a single petal. And you say I'm the one who's mad." She felt Severus's body stiffen, particularly at the shoulders, and she wondered if perhaps she shouldn't have made that particular joke so soon after their fight. He closed his eyes for a moment. "I should not have said that," he said softly, opening them again, looking up at her. She chewed slightly on her upper lip. "No, you shouldn't have," she agreed. "It frustrates me," he said, closing his eyes again, "to see you suffering and to be powerless to stop it." She could almost feel his fingers curling over hers and she felt that wave of nausea again. "You won't always be able to stop my suffering, Severus. Sometimes, I have to deal with it on my own." "I'll never be satisfied with that," he said as she traced his jaw gently. "I know," she whispered, leaning over his face and kissing his pale lips gently. He leaned up into the kiss, and when she moved to pull away he sat up quickly, pressing her back slightly and pressing his lips to hers with more insistence. He kissed the corner of her mouth and she fought the urge to close her eyes. "Are you sure it's a good idea for you to be so affectionate so soon after fighting?" she said, only half teasing. Severus kissed her forcefully and she felt her body relaxing into the kiss. "It's only your birthday for a matter of hours yet," he whispered against her lips. "I'd rather remember it by the afternoon than the morning, wouldn't you?" Lydia sighed, letting him kiss her again and deciding it might be alright to relax for a few hours, to relax and simply feel. A/N: THEY'RE THIRTY. Crazy, right? When we started out, they were sixteen. Now they're both thirty years old. Can you get over that? I can't get over that. But then, when we started out I was working on my BA, and now I've got two degrees and my first real job with a contract and everything. So time passes, I guess, in literature and in life. Review Prompt: Do we call this progress? Do they? I'm not even sure, so I'd love y'all's take. -C
Lydia rubbed her forehead as she helped Severus and Professor Flitwick set up the Great Hall between lunch and the feast. She looked around at the colorless banners they had conjured into place, deciding whether or not they were even before color was added. "Out of curiosity," she said, adjusting a pair of banners toward the front of the Hall, "who's won the House Cup this year?" "Slytherin," Severus said with some measure of satisfaction. "House and Quidditch. As it should be." Lydia exchanged an amused glance with Filius, and she thought to herself that it was probably for the best that Minerva hadn't been around to carry out that particular fight. It was almost endlessly amusing for Lydia the way that Minerva and Severus would drive each other up the wall over such simple, small things. Of course, they were both such consummate professionals that it never impacted their work – because Minerva wasn't really to blame for Severus taking points off every Gryffindor possible – and they were able to remain colleagues. "I think I have a few baubles from last time, you know," Filius said brightly. "Why don't you two color the banners while I go get them?" Severus and Lydia agreed, knowing that Filius's tower office would take his little legs quite some time to get to and from. Lydia didn't let Severus start on the colors until she finished getting the last just right. Apparently Severus wasn't especially interested in finishing the colors before Filius returned, because his arms wrapped around her as she raised her wand, and she made a mildly amused and frustrated sound. He kissed her neck and she tutted her tongue. "You know a student could come in at any time," she said, although he didn't answer, licking up her neck and nibbled on her ear. She sighed, relaxing into his arms, momentarily forgetting what she was supposed to be doing. He nibbled a little harder, and she groaned slightly. Lydia came to her senses and pulled out, and she raised her eyebrow at him, narrowing her eyes. He licked lips and raised his eyebrows. "Severus, come on," she said, smiling slightly. "We don't have any reason to be doing this right now. We'll have all summer." "It is summer," he said, pressing his forehead to hers. She wasn't going to try to argue semantics with him, knowing she would lose, but the fact that a student could walk in at any time hadn't been totally removed from her consciousness. "Severus, please, we don't have any time for this," she said as he wrapped his arms around her again, this time with his forehead still pressed to hers. "We've got work to do. We've promised." He was about to say something when the familiar sound of flapping wings could be heard above them. Lydia pulled back, looking up at a lone owl swooping down and landing on one of the long tables. "Hello," she said, holding out her hand, which the owl nuzzled. It was a tired-looking thing, and it desperately needed some water. She quickly conjured a small bowl and filled it with water, and the owl lapped at it gratefully, all while twitching its leg toward her. She was just thinking it was a funny little habit when Severus made an amused sound. "It's trying to give you the letter, Lydia." "Oh," she sighed, laughing. "Right." She pulled the letter off the poor little thing and she sighed, frowning slightly at Remus's handwriting on the outside. She nibbled slightly on her lip and turned to glance at Severus, who was pointedly not looking at the letter. Lydia sighed, annoyed. "I told you I wanted to fix the banners first," she said, seeing that he'd focused his energies on furiously coloring the banners silver and green. "Severus, what are you doing?" "Did you say that?" he said coolly, not looking at her still. "I hadn't noticed." She felt like he'd slapped her across the face, but she took a deep breath and sat down on the bench, looking down at the bird. He finished coloring the banners and she said to herself that the students wouldn't notice, and Filius would be too polite to say anything. "I think it's probably another apology," she said softly, tracing her fingers over her address on the outside, her name in Remus's careful and tidy hand. "I don't remember what for." "Why should I care?" Severus said, his voice so icy it caused her chest to ache. "As you pointed out, we made a commitment to complete this work." Lydia sighed, standing, setting down the letter when the bird flew away, and she raised her wand, trying to remember which banners she'd been intent on moving. In a swift, startling, breathtaking motion, Severus turned and vanished the bowl of water, and then burned the letter swiftly. "For goodness sake!" she cried, turning away from him as he took a step toward her, the look in his eyes saying very plainly that he realized he shouldn't have done that. "You fix the damn banners, Sev. Apparently you're willing to take everything else into your own hands. I don't see why this would be any different." He said her name as she grabbed her bag, but she wasn't listening. She had exams to grade, anyway, and he knew it. She promised to have them in to Albus before the feast, as they were running late already. Lydia was fuming when she settled in her office and she worked at a frantic pace, marking and scrutinizing the third year exams, which were the least urgent of all the exams she marked. Only three students would not be welcomed back the following year and it would not be pleasant news, but she knew it wouldn't be a shock. She thoroughly suspected those students had already made plans with their Heads of House not to continue in Lydia's course again in the fall. She only wished she could talk Percy Weasley out of taking her course, but at least he got his work done, she told herself. Lydia took the results to Albus, entering his office when told to do so, and giving him an apologetic smile as he looked up from behind his grand, cluttered desk. "I know this took longer than it was supposed to," she said quickly. "They're…. Anyway, only a few problem students." "That's quite alright, Lydia," Albus said, motioning for her to sit. Between your scholarship, your teaching, the decorating Filius has you doing…. Well, Severus mentioned you've been wearing yourself thin with work, but that you've been coping admirably." She felt instantly guilty for how she'd spoken to Severus. Yes, Albus very obviously knew he'd been lied to, but she was touched that Severus would lie to Albus for her, even if he hadn't done it very well. Or perhaps she'd somehow spoiled the lie and he'd done a marvelous job. "I thought you might wish to know," Albus said calmly, "that Quirinus has decided to take his sabbatical after all, travel in Eastern Europe, and return – he intends – better versed in his subject area. Don't tell Severus yet, because you and I both know he will insist on putting in an application, but I have all but signed the interim Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." Lydia chewed on the inside of her mouth, wondering what to say. She wouldn't lie to Severus, not about something like this, but she supposed if he didn't ask…? "Laurentius is an old friend of mine," Albus said, smiling. "The perfect man for holding the position for a year." She couldn't help herself. Almost speaking with the venomous voice that plagued the back of her mind lately, she said, "Forgive me if I haven't been overwhelmed and impressed with the quality and integrity of your old friends." Albus laughed, obviously not bothered by her observations, and he said, "Lydia, not all the bad were my friends, and not all my friends were bad. Do not forget that Theia was an old friend of mine. My only regret there was not bringing you together sooner. I believe she could have been a wonderful, grounding influence." She licked her lips, glancing down at her hands. She wanted so badly to ask him – or the voice in the back of her head wanted to ask him – how much he had known, truly, about the bad ones when he brought them in. How much had he suspected about their intentions? How much had he used situations and circumstances to bring his own perverted kind of justice? "Lydia?" he said, obviously aware that she was struggling with what to say. "You know you don't need to hide from me. I am willing and capable of hearing whatever it is you may wish to tell me." She sighed, looked up at Fawkes on his perch, and she said, "I suppose I have to wonder why…. Well, you don't make mistakes, Albus. You have a reason for everything, and you don't make mistakes. Everybody knows that." "Remarkable, isn't it, how often everyone is wrong?" he said, leaning back slightly in his chair, his silvery beard adjusting to the new posture. "I do make mistakes, Lydia, and I make them often. My mistakes are usually the kind that shake mountains, and you would not believe how it feels to make a mistake like that. I know you live in fear of your own mistakes, as so many people do, but on the whole, I would say that you have made relatively few mistakes. Certainly fewer than I." Her head jerked up and she met his gaze, astonished at the things he was saying. She knew she'd made mistakes. She'd made big mistakes. She'd trusted Sirius, she'd not been there the way Mary needed, she'd never figured out how to handle things with Remus, and she kept hurting Severus which was the last thing she had ever wanted. When he was the only person who truly stood by her to pick her up after the war, she felt every morning that she repaid him so, so poorly. "I will tell you some things you are perhaps not yet ready to hear," he said softly, "but things you need to hear. Mary MacDonald was doomed long before you ever noticed that her struggles might have continued. Sirius Black was a brilliant and deceptive man who fooled us all, and in spite of everything I believe he did love you." She winced, but he kept speaking as though he hadn't noticed. "The situation between you and Remus is a…not impossible situation, but one that requires such terribly delicate handling that I would be astonished had you figured it out. I am far from surprised that you are both struggling to find the answers. "As for Severus, Lydia, I stand by what I said before. Whether or not he would say the words, whether he has even begun to realize it yet, he loves you very deeply. I'm not certain either of you are in a place where you can truly love each other, but I do believe that once you figure out where the pieces go, Lydia, you could be very happy with either Remus or Severus." He smiled slightly before saying, "I think it would be easier for you to be happy with Severus, and perhaps more fulfilling, in the end, but both paths have their challenges, as I'm sure you realize." Lydia did realize. With Remus, she would always struggle with his heavy self-loathing. And with Severus, there would always be those years of their respective unrequited loves, always the thought of how they'd treated each other, always his propensity to control her and her propensity to keep emotional space. They hurt each other all the time, always had and probably always would from as far as she could see. Desperately not wanting to continue the conversation with Albus, to allow him to keep turning her thoughts on their head, she took her leave, saying she wanted to change before the feast, and Albus said nothing. Perhaps he could hear the racing of her heart as she started to panic from all her conflicting thoughts and emotions. Lydia sat in the Great Hall between Minerva and Severus, wishing she were miles away. She saw Charlie Weasley talking excitedly with his friends, saw the buzz at the Slytherin table with yet another win, saw Nymphadora Tonks trying on different noses for the amusement of underclassmen. Somehow, in her present state of mind, she felt suffocated, and the very thought of suffocation made her feel dizzy with the memory of the bruises she'd put on her own neck. She ate her food, she smiled and tried to carry on conversation with Minerva, but Severus must have seen the state of mind she was in, and he said nothing to her at dinner. When the feast was over they returned to their quarters and she went straight into the bedroom, searching for a nightgown. Severus stood in the doorway, watching her undress and dress again without any emotion on his face, which she found especially chilling after the things Albus had sad that afternoon. "I'm not sorry." "I know," she said, shifting her hair off the back of his neck, half expecting him to cross the room. "I hate him." Lydia licked her lips. "I…I know." "I hate the way he treats you," Severus said, still not moving from the doorway. "I hate that while I practically… I…." She heard him inhale sharply and exhale even more sharply. "Does he even try?" "He does," she said, recalling with ease how Remus broke down on New Year's. She almost wanted to tell Severus, but she knew that Severus would hate if Remus learned intimate details of their fights. It wouldn't be right, one way or the other. She put her hair up, ignoring the derisive sound Severus made. She bit her lip, wondering what to say. He'd been so terribly patient with her lately, and she could see the struggle in his eyes as he wanted to make her take something, but knowing she would not forgive him for forcing her. Was it so different from the struggles Remus underwent? She only wished she understood either of them as well as Albus claimed to. "You hate him because of what he is," she said softly, "and because of who his friends were, and because I love him." Lydia hadn't meant to say those exact words, and she knew from the long silence from Severus as she sat, frozen, on the edge of their bed, that they were the wrong words. She couldn't believe they'd slipped off her lips, but they were out, and there was no taking them back. "Yes," Severus said. She clenched her hands into fists, balling up little handfuls of sheets. "I absolutely hate him because of his friends," he said, and she could hear the sneer in his voice. "Think what you may of me, I do hate him for being a werewolf. And I absolutely hate him because you love him." She was about to ask him why, but she didn't think it mattered to know. It wouldn't change, one way or the other. She struggled to catch her breath, sure she could smell the scent lingering somewhere in the room. She didn't want to mention it now because Severus would somehow not smell it, it would vanish, and he would accuse her of using her weaknesses to change the topic. "I hate this room," she said, again, speaking with the bitter, venomous voice in the back of her head that sounded an awful lot like Sirius. Another painfully long silence, and she wondered if she'd said something unforgivable. What would she have said to Severus if he'd said such a thing to her? She likely would have thrown something, maybe even at him, and the thought made her feel sick. Hadn't they grown past this? "You're perfectly welcome to leave," he said softly, a little less frostiness in his voice, but she knew she'd hurt him. "No, I'm not," she said, again immediately wishing she hadn't, and she couldn't believe this was her, sitting here, saying these things. She wanted to disappear into the walls, to just stop speaking before one of them said something they couldn't back down from. Before voices got raised and things were thrown and bruises and all that mess happened. She didn't want to go back to that. He finally crossed the room, and she looked up at him reluctantly, his face strangely thin in the candlelight. "Is that how you feel?" he said, with that horribly eerie expression of no emotion, no concern, like it didn't make him feel anything at all that she had said such things. "Like a prisoner?" She remembered how Peter said that Sirius treated her like a prisoner, or rather how he implied it, and she wondered briefly whether Remus wasn't right again, that perhaps she had just gone back to the same relationship over again. The only other person left that she loved was Remus, and she had no doubt that given any reason, Severus would kill him. He'd tell himself it was to protect her, tell the authorities that it was to protect people from a rampaging werewolf, and he would be lauded as a hero. Was it really so different? Her head was spinning, and suddenly the scent was so terribly familiar, like she was so close to figuring out what it was, and if she could just rewind for a moment, just think over what she'd been thinking again, she'd unlock her confusion and confront whatever it was. "Lydia," Severus prompted firmly, disrupting her train of thought so that she could not go back to what she'd been thinking. "Answer me." She looked up at him, feeling terribly overwhelmed. It had been a long, exhausting day to cap off a long, exhausting year, and all she really wanted was to go back to Spinner's End and feel herself again, if only for a little while. "No," she said, sighing. "No, that's not how I feel, I just…. I'm sorry, Severus, I really don't feel well." She half-hoped that his expression would soften, but instead he nodded, watching her slip into their bed. He said he had something he wanted to read before bed, so she was alone, staring into the darkness, desperately trying to think of what the smell was, too afraid to ask Severus if he could smell it too, knowing that once she mentioned it out loud, it would be gone a moment later. But she wasn't, wasn't mad. She wasn't. A/N: So, a lot of feedback that Severus has grown past her. Maybe he has…a bit? But not exactly. Severus is working very hard to say the right things and Lydia is too emotionally exhausted to really make good choices. If you were having nightmares like hers pretty much every night, you'd make some poor choices, too. Plus, she has Albus trying to poke her in different directions, and she doesn't know what to think because she doesn't trust his motives. One more year without Harry on the scene, so we're almost there! As far as people who've been asking for them to break up…. I want you to think about why she's losing the plot a bit, and then I promise you that you've got Harry coming in, and that'll change the dynamic for both of them. Review Prompt: What d'you think is going to happen between Lydia and Quirrell when he returns back with Voldemort on the back of his head? (I'm inwardly giggling at knowing it's going to happen and knowing she's going to have NO CLUE for a very long time.) -C
The sunlight streamed through their window as Lydia spread out her mapping on the floor before her. She felt lighter, at peace, in a sense, just being in Cokeworth. Lydia enjoyed watching the family across the street, their children a bit older now. One of them had a bicycle, a flashy thing not terribly unlike one Lydia had wanted as a child, but never had the courage to ask for. She always knew that if she did get it, the cost would be greater than just monetary hardship for her parents. She watched the boy turn circles across the street and Lydia leaned back against the foot of the chair behind her, consider what it would have been like, having a bicycle as a child. Lydia hadn't realized that Severus was watching her until he said, "You look happy." She looked up at him, smiling slightly as she remembered the way he looked at her the night before as he buried himself deep inside of her. "I almost feel it," she said, rubbing her temple. "I…I'm never fully sure if I'm happy, you know? I've never been totally positive that I knew what it felt like. Lily, she always seemed so happy. And Artemis. So much happier than I ever feel." He surprised her, sitting down beside her, and wrapping an arm around her waist. She wanted to ask if he knew people might see them through the window, but she decided it didn't matter, and she rested her head on his shoulder. "I've rather thought happiness was a relative thing," he said, kissing the top of her head. "Have you ever been happy?" she asked, tracing his wrist lazily with a hand. He hummed and said that he certainly had, and Lydia wondered when, or if he'd simply been much happier than her somehow, but she didn't want to ask. She was just about to change the topic to her lesson planning when Severus said, "This may sound strange, but one of the happiest moments of my life was early November, 1981." She sat up slightly, puzzled. Her life had been utter hell then. Lily had just died. She was all alone. Surely…surely he had been in hell as well. "In the midst of everything else," he said softly, "I struggled to get news of anything, all kinds of whispers and…. Well, I heard about Lily and Potter. I heard about the Dark Lord. I heard about Black. And then I thought I'd lost absolutely everything, but then Albus told me you were alright. And I had been in such a bleak place, but knowing you were alive, relatively well…. I don't know that I've been happier, before or since. It's relative, Lydia." Lydia thought she understood something of what he meant. Life was brighter for her right now because she'd come off a particularly draining, terrible year, although she and Severus were unable to determine what it was that had caused the change. "Perhaps it's a stress reaction?" Severus asked later in the day, while they were working on book lists and making dinner. "I know little of such things, but I do know they are possible." "I'm really not sure," she said, rubbing her temple as she read back over the booklist she was writing up for both of them to send to Albus. "I mean, certainly I've not been under any particularly extraordinary stress lately. And comparatively, last year was easy. Stress-wise. Just the nightmares." He hummed, asked if she wanted biscuits with dinner, or after dinner, and she hesitated before deciding they really ought to save them for after dinner. He smirked slightly and nodded as he set them aside, but she knew he was thinking about dunking them like they had as children. "Bit odd, isn't it?" she said, teasing. "Hmm?" "Me, being the responsible one," she said, sitting down on the end of the kitchen table, giving him a challenging grin. He smirked back, setting down the spoon he'd been using to stir the noodles. "As I recall," she said as he walked toward her, "I often came up with the plots that got us into trouble." "Hmm," he sighed, kissing her. "I believe I got us into quite a lot of trouble as well. Or have you forgotten when we stole your father's brandy?" She shivered recalling the beating that Tobias gave his son for that embarrassment. "I shouldn't have mentioned that," he sighed. He'd been trying to avoid particularly bad memories, of course, picking maybe one to mention a day. After all, between them they had so many. With his bringing up when their lives went to hell, that was his quota for the day. She shook her head and kissed him, but she pressed him back when he tried to deepen the kiss. "Noodles," she said sternly, as if that word could ever truly be said sternly, and he clicked his tongue before turning back to the food. She watched him work for a long time before she started laying out the table, and he said softly, "Have you smelled that scent you were talking about?" "Not lately," she said, her nose twitching at the mention of scent. "When was the last time?" She closed her eyes, trying to think back through her days. "I'm not totally sure," she said, setting down the forks. "Definitely…definitely sometime in June. While we were still at the school." He hummed, laying out the food and kissing her again before they sat down to eat. He poured the wine and asked her if she'd ever smelled it at Spinner's End. Lydia took time to consider the question, trying to think back through her time at the house she had started to think of as theirs instead of his. Had she? "I – I can't be sure," she said thanking him as he handed her a glass of wine. "I don't think so, though. It doesn't seem like…. No, I really don't think so." He hummed, trying to think things over as he ate a few forkfuls of pasta. Lydia ate in silence, as was often their wont. After a long while, he said, "You were smelling it…every night?" "Not always when I was awake," she said, hastening to assure him that it wasn't just his quarters. "But…yeah, most nights." "Only in our quarters?" "I…I think so?" she frowned. "Maybe it happened a time or two in my office, when I was alone. It happened most when I was alone, or when you were asleep." He hummed, chewing thoughtfully. Every night, he tried to come up with all kinds of possible reasons she might have been having terrible nightmares, and ways to fix them. "Well, I won't leave you alone," he said, frowning slightly. "And if Albus sends you on another conference?" she said, smiling at him across the table. "Fuck conferences," he said darkly. "We're not having another year like this one, Lydia. We aren't." "What if they come back?" she asked, feeling dread in her chest. She'd not had a single nightmare since coming back to Spinner's End, although she hadn't had dreams of any sort. "What if we…. What are we going to do?" He licked his lower lip, loading up his fork again, and he paused, his eyes solemn. "Have you thought about leaving Hogwarts, if it's the only place where…?" The thought had certainly occurred to her. If the monsters, the demons, were only in those halls… "I've considered it," she said, frowning. "But…what else would I do?" "Your studies." "But you wouldn't be there," she said, feeling her heart pounding again, frowning. "I mean, you wouldn't quit Hogwarts too, would you?" Severus hesitated. She knew teaching wasn't his passion, that given his choices of whatever he wanted, he would never have started at Hogwarts in the first place. She couldn't understand his hesitation, but finally, he shook his head. "I – No, I can't," he said, almost too quickly once he began to speak. This caught Lydia's attention. There were certainly things he could do, probably things more lucrative than teaching, things more satisfying to him than teaching. Things where they could be together more of the time, and work out of Spinner's End, or somewhere else if they wanted. He seemed to understand her confusion at his response, because he looked down at his hands for a long moment before he said, "There are things I've promised Albus. Things I…. But it's more than that, Lydia. Being at Hogwarts, it is a constant reminder of what my choices could have sacrificed. It keeps me…." He shrugged, looking over her shoulder, probably to avoid meeting her eye, and Lydia felt a tightness in her chest. She could only guess at what exactly about Hogwarts made him feel this way. Perhaps it was all these children, many of whom might not have even existed to go to school had the Death Eaters won. Perhaps he was thinking more specifically of how the world would be different for the Muggle-borns they had so many of in class. Lydia had certainly thought of that many times, while working with a particularly bright Muggle-born student, how if the war had gone differently, that student would have never gone to Hogwarts, had may have even been killed before they were old enough to receive a letter. She shuddered. "Yes," she said, slightly concerned that he felt such reminders were necessary to keep him…sane? Remorseful? Away from the Dark? "And then there's…. Well, Harry's nearly eleven, isn't he?" She'd not really been keeping track, but every so often she would recall that Harry existed, how old he was, and that someday he would come to Hogwarts. She might even have him as a student. Lily had always been interested in Arithmancy, even when she wasn't top of the class in it. Perhaps Harry would share that inclination. Lydia hadn't missed the way Severus's shoulders tightened at the mention of Harry, however. She'd spoken briefly in a chance meeting in a shop with Diggle, an old friend of the Marauders and other Order members, and he'd asked her if she'd seen Harry. Lydia had confessed that she hadn't, and Diggle eagerly told her how he looked just like his father, but with his mother's eyes. It occurred to Lydia, as she sat back in her chair, that Harry might have his mother's gift for Potions. Nothing on Severus's gift, of course, but Lydia almost hoped he didn't. It would be hard enough for Severus to see the fact of his childhood enemy looking back at him every day at the school. It would only add insult to injury if Harry happened to be good at Severus's subject on top of it. "Yes," he finally said, tightly. "Next year." He was keeping track, she realized, with a strange sensation in the pit of her stomach at this realization. She sighed, licking her bottom lip and nodding. "I need to see him," she said, rubbing her eyes. "I need to stay to see him." "Why?" "I…" She sighed. She still felt terribly guilty when she thought of how easily she just let the Dursleys take him, when she knew – she knew the kind of man Vernon Dursley was, knew what they were planning to do to that little boy in an effort to keep him from his magic, and yet she couldn't get herself together enough to fight for him, when no one else could have. Severus seemed to understand, but he did not comfort her. He just nodded, and they said no more about her quitting Hogwarts. Lydia told herself that in a couple of years, if she felt satisfied and the nightmares were still there, perhaps she could leave. She knew in her gut that she wouldn't as long as Severus was still at Hogwarts. It wasn't fear exactly, but more just not knowing now what she would do without him around every day. They had become so used to each other, that Lydia didn't begin to think of what life might be like if they lived in different places much of the year. After a good night's sleep, however, Lydia woke up the following morning feeling that Severus perhaps had a point about the value of staying at Spinner's End as much as possible. She woke up before Severus, but not with a feeling like she was dying. Instead, she looked at him in their bed, so peaceful, and she hesitated before tracing her fingers along his jaw. There was something peaceful and pleasant in this moment that she'd never had in watching Sirius sleep. Perhaps it was a lack of guilt. Was this happiness? She felt a slight rush through her torso at the thought, but it was immediately squashed with anxiety. She was afraid of the word, she realized. She'd begun to think that she was happy to have a relative when Theia died. She'd lost all her dearest friends in the war. What might happen to Severus if she decided she was happy now? His eyes opened as she continued to caress his jaw, and while he didn't exactly smile at her, his face softened at the sight of her looking down at him. He took her hand and moved it to his lips, kissing it lingeringly. "Good morning," he said, his voice slightly scratchy as voices often are for the first few uses of the day. "You seem…pleasant." Lydia said nothing. She licked her lips and tried to tell herself that it was okay to be happy, but she didn't believe it, not yet. Perhaps it was one of those things where the more she said it, the easier it would be. He sat up, kissing her, and Lydia relaxed into the kiss. She couldn't remember the last time this happened at Hogwarts. She knew it had, but she just couldn't think when they had stopped being able to just enjoy each other, at school and here in Cokeworth. Severus pulled away, frowning, and she felt instant worry that she'd done something wrong. Was something wrong? She couldn't think of anything that should have given him pause. "What?" she finally asked, feeling her chest tightening as she pushed out the question. "You're never present," he finally said, tracing his fingers along her jaw and neck. "Even when we're here, you're always thinking of something else, aren't you?" "Oh," she sighed, relaxing slightly. "My mind wanders. I was actually thinking how nice…." She shrugged. "How nice it is to be able to be here when you wake up and not…." He relaxed against her, pressing his lips tenderly to her neck. Whatever he'd thought she was thinking about, it clearly wasn't that. The guilt did begin to build in her chest as she realized how often her mind did really wander to other things, other times, even other people. That certainly wasn't fair to Severus. A nasty little voice in the back of her head wondered if he ever thought of Lily when he was kissing her, but she pushed it aside. She suspected he probably did, sometimes, but she didn't want to know. She enjoyed when he began to nibble lightly on her neck, although she was certain it would leave a bruise, and she sighed, relaxing as he worked. It felt pleasant, warm, like firewhiskey sinking into her belly. "You know we're going to Diagon Alley today," she said as he shifted so that he was pressing her into the pillows as he worked. He grunted his acknowledgement of his fact, his fingers tracing up her legs as he sucked lightly on the tender skin of her throat. Lydia wrapped her legs around him without realizing and said, "If you leave a mark, people might see." She closed her eyes. He paused at his work long enough to say, "Don't care," before nipping at her neck again. Had they been at Hogwarts, Lydia would have recalled the nightmare where Sirius stabbed her neck, and the strange puncture she had the following morning. Had they been at Hogwarts, she wouldn't have managed a smile at Severus's eagerness to touch her. But because they were in Cokeworth, her mind forgot all these things, her lips remembered the shape of a smile, and she held on to him as he traced nips and kisses and slight sucking on her skin up to her lips. She was about to ask him when he wanted to leave when he kissed her, and she decided they'd leave when they felt like it before kissing him back with fervor. No schedules, no structured meals, no students who might gossip if they missed too many meals in a row. Just the privacy of their own bed in their own home in their own little corner of England. After slow, savored sex, Lydia relaxed in the bed as Severus turned on the shower, getting the temperature right before he would allow her to join him. She was catching her breath, and allowed herself to wonder again if this was what happiness was. Almost as soon as she thought of the word, her throat seemed to close and she felt another rush of anxiety. Millions of things could happen, the nasty voice in her head said. Millions upon millions of things could destroy happiness, if that was what this was. She pushed all thoughts of happiness away and focused on her breathing as Severus called her in. She shivered as she went from the sheets to the warmth of the shower, and Severus was already getting her shampoo ready as she stepped in. She almost laughed at how eager he was to wash her hair, which she didn't always let him do. Not because she didn't enjoy it, but because she enjoyed it a little too much. It was a distraction, something she could let him do all day and forget about everything else she'd meant to accomplish. Lydia wet down her hair, accepted that this was just one of those days where little would be accomplished by either of them, and she allowed his fingers to work in the shampoo. She closed her eyes and leaned against him feeling the solidity and thin strength of his body. It didn't occur to her that she was not afraid to close her eyes. She only closed them and gave in to sensation, pointedly not allowing herself to think too much. A/N: Well, they're trying to work out what to do with her issues. So far no answers, but they're making an effort. And Severus has said quite plainly that he's not leaving Hogwarts. Review Prompt: Thoughts on our final "new" Defense professor? Any predictions for the upcoming year? -C
Because all of the teachers were planning to move back early, Albus had scheduled a staff meeting three days before the start of the year. This meant that Lydia and Severus had less flexibility about their schedule than they would have liked, but they moved back nonetheless. Lydia set up her quarters, knowing that it wouldn't do to let it slip in case of a visit from Minerva, who certainly wouldn't approve of her having a relationship with Severus, much less of the type of relationship. She then set up her office, and put a few things in her classroom before heading out to go to the staff meeting, where Severus said he would meet her early for a cup of tea. "Excuse me," a man said, rather distinguished-looking, probably in his seventies or eighties. "I'm a bit turned around. I went here so long ago, I can't seem to remember how to get to the staff room." "Ah," she said, smiling, trying to be friendly. He seemed alright for the moment, anyway. "You must be Laurentius…?" "Abney," he said brightly, accepting her hand, but kissing it rather than shaking it. "Just call me Abney, my dear. I'm far too old to go by a first name anymore. I believe you're Miss Rowe? Albus has told me so much about you. As a Ravenclaw, I've always admired intelligent, spunky Gryffindor women. My wife was a Gryffindor, you know." "Was she?" Lydia said, smiling in spite of herself as she led the man toward the staff room. "Did you meet in school?" "Oh, yes," he said, dreamily. "She was so beautiful. She was the Quidditch Commentator, and every time I was hit with a Bludger she would say very nasty things about me and laugh. It caused quite a scandal when I asked her to marry me. Even bigger one when she said yes, I should think." She laughed and said, "What, you didn't date first at all?" "Good heavens, why bother?" he said, grinning. "We were mad about each other and we both knew it. She was the only girl I ever saw, and she tormented me endlessly. It was bound to be a match made in heaven. You know, dating is just for figuring things out, and what was there to figure?" Lydia smiled and shook her head, not sure what to say to that. Somehow, it made her think of Lily and James without feeling the sadness of their loss, and as they walked into the staff room he said, "Anyway, she passed last year, and Albus thought he'd pull me out of retirement for a quick job. Just a sabbatical, he says. I told him, I said, 'Albus, I'm only doing the one year. I don't care if your Sabbatical joins a commune or dies of malaria. Just the one.' You wait, though, he'll try to find some other way to keep me out of retirement. He wants to make me work, you know. He thinks I'm getting old before my time." "Indeed?" Lydia said, catching Severus's eye where he was pouring himself a cup of tea. "I think you're very young, Mr. Abney. Sev, could you pour two more? How do you take your tea, Mr. Abney?" "Black, my dear," Abney said earnestly. "And it's just Abney. I may be too old for first names, but I'm not in the grave yet. No need for this Mister nonsense." He turned his attention to Severus, who was pouring the tea without comment, and he said, "You must be Snape. Albus hasn't said much about you. Although he's said you'll be a grumpus." Lydia coughed slightly to cover the laugh that built up in her chest, and Severus raised a single eyebrow as he handed Abney his tea. Lydia took hers with thanks and fought the urge to kiss Severus's cheek. She sat down with Severus and Abney sat across from them, grinning merrily. "Oh, don't mind me," he said brightly. "Go ahead and canoodle. No, no, don't give me that look. Albus didn't say anything. I've seen a few young lovers in my time, Miss Rowe, and I know full well what it looks like in all manner of shapes and sizes." He winked. "Your secret's safe with me." Lydia stifled another laugh, but Severus simply looked back at Abney with a sour expression, setting his hand gently on Lydia's knee under the table. Lydia let her tea cool and asked Abney if he'd taught at Hogwarts before. He hadn't, as a matter of fact, but he did tell her about his adventures in Asia, his experiences as a liaison to the Merpeople, and his time teaching in Brazil, Japan, and France. He and his wife had travelled the globe, with his wife as a practicing Healer wherever they landed, and celebrated at every hospital, camp, and impromptu organization that she served. Lydia listened with interest and Severus pretended not to listen, simply drinking his tea and gently caressing her knee beneath the table. She suspected he was enjoying things, if not for the stories, than for the fact that she was enjoying herself. He'd said several times over the summer than she looked much healthier when she smiled. Abney seemed perfectly happy to continue providing stories, even as other teachers filed in. He didn't bother stopping to introduce himself, but between parts of the story he would say what he knew about each teacher, then continue on with his stories as though he'd not missed a beat. He only quieted when Albus sat down at the head of the table, and Lydia tucked a bit of her hair behind her ear, pushing away her empty teacup, sitting back and taking Severus's hand under the table. "All here, then?" Albus said, smiling his twinkling smile at the teachers. "Very good. I see you've all met Laurentius. A long-time friend of mine. Shall we begin?" There were nods and murmurs of agreement, and the staff began to talk about expectations for the coming year. Lydia and Severus had very little to say at such meetings, but Abney seemed to have a great deal to say. Unlike many first-year professors, as well, he was not asking questions, but telling stories, sharing his thoughts, and making certain everyone knew exactly what his belief about every aspect of education was. Minerva seemed to find him harmless and amusing, but she did ask if he'd actually done any of his mapping and plans, and he simply sniffed at her and told her that she clearly didn't understand the point of teaching if she thought those things could even be begun before meeting the students. Lydia almost choked trying not to laugh at the look Minerva had on her face at that, and even Severus seemed to find this amusing. Albus raised a hand and the group quieted down for him to put the meeting back on track. By the end of the meeting, Lydia felt she desperately needed another cup of tea, and she was about to ask Severus very publicly if he wanted to share a cup in his quarters so they could get away with leaving together when Minerva stopped her and asked if she could have a chat. Lydia glanced over Minerva's shoulder at Severus, who nodded in a short jerk of the head to let her know that he heard, and that he would be waiting for her. She felt slight relief as he stalked off. She wasn't sure what it would be like to go back to their quarters, and having an excuse not to go right away was a pleasant surprise. Lydia and Minerva went to Minerva's office, which was closest, and Minerva started some tea as they sat. "Quite a character, that Abney," she said thoughtfully, frowning. "Oh, he seems harmless enough," Lydia said, accepting her tea graciously and letting the steam tickle her nose. "Seems, yes," Minerva said, slightly disapproving. "At any rate, I asked you here because I wanted to let you know that Quirinus said he would have written you letters on his journey, but he was concerned that Severus would not like it." She smiled slightly. "So kind and considerate of him. I told him it was nothing, that Severus surely wouldn't mind if someone paid court to you. After all, you're hardly a child anymore. Neither of you. But he insisted it was a poor idea." Lydia wasn't quite sure what to say to that, so she nodded. It was probably a poor idea, but Lydia thought that if she said that out loud, at the least Minerva would be suspicious and at the worst she might think some unfounded things about Severus. Lydia didn't want to go there. "You know, Lydia," Minerva said brightly, "I think having him around again next year will be very good for you. That's exactly what you need in your life, a bright, handsome young man who appreciates your brilliance. I think you would be very good together." It was all Lydia could do not to spit the little bit of tea she'd just sipped. She carefully swallowed, smiled politely, and said, "Oh, I really don't think so. He's not at all my type." Minerva smiled at her sadly and said, "You always have been drawn toward people who aren't very good for you." She knew Minerva meant well, but it felt like a smack across the face. She could almost hear unspoken comparisons to her mother, could almost feel the insinuations that Severus was bad for her, Remus was dangerous…. The things that could be said about Sirius didn't even need to be spoken. Probably, Lydia was lucky to be alive. Lydia took another drink of tea, feeling it scalding the inside of her mouth before she set down her drink unfinished and stood. "Well," Lydia said, feeling slightly dizzy as she tried to decide how to take her leave firmly without being rude. "Well, I would like to think I made a few good choices in my life. I may not have a lot to show for it now, but I made friends with some quality people." Minerva's eyes widened, perhaps with realization of what exactly she'd said, and she started to say that she hadn't meant it that way. But Lydia was already out the door, walking quickly to the quarters she and Severus shared. He was taking off his shoes for the night when she entered. He raised a questioning eyebrow, obviously wondering why she was so agitated, but she just shook her head, glancing at the bedroom door as he stood, crossing to her. "You…could sleep in your quarters," he said slowly. "If…if you'd rather." She knew he was saying those words, but he didn't mean them. He didn't want her to leave. She didn't want to leave. She didn't think she could handle waking up to those nightmares and not have him there. Carefully, she stepped into their bedroom, looking around the room. She felt a small shiver down her spine, but she breathed in deeply. "Anything?" he asked gently, but she shook her head. Whatever that scent was, it wasn't there now. She half-hoped it would be something where just talking about it would make it all better. Lydia didn't really believe that, but she and Severus got ready for bed as they had all summer at Spinner's End, as though they weren't back at school at all. Lydia found it hard to relax, but Severus stayed up with her, reading to her with his arm around her shoulder while she tried to sleep. It was a dull book, something about the intricacies of various laws of proportion and essence in Potions, but Severus's voice kept it interesting. Lydia closed her eyes and let her consciousness follow his words as it dropped slowly, slowly, ever so slowly into a dreamless sleep. The next morning, she wasn't as well-rested as she had been while they were away, but she had slept through the night, and Severus was already dressing for the day. "Surely Albus isn't forcing us to all have breakfast together," she said sleepily, wondering if she would need to get anything done today, or if she would even bother trying. Perhaps she would read something later, if she felt like it. "Poppy wants me to start a few of the potions for the infirmary." Lydia felt a strange flash of possessiveness and she sat up, frowning at him as he buttoned his shirt. "Do you have to start now?" she asked, although she had expected him to do work separate from her. He raised his eyebrows and looked at her, puzzled. She rocked forward so that she was kneeling instead of sitting, and he turned to her, obviously trying to figure out what she was up to. Lydia raised her arms and wrapped them around his neck, pulling him closer. Realizing, Severus's hands left his buttons and went straight to her waist, his lips searching out her lips eagerly. It felt nice to feel his hands on her in this bed again, not just to hold her and make her feel secure, but the kind of holding that created a small fire. She tried to pull him off balance and get him into bed again, but he must have seen this coming, and he pulled away from her before she could get the right leverage. She sighed, sitting back on her feet, and giving him her most beseeching look. "As tempting as it would be," he said softly, tracing her jaw with his fingers, "to indulge in you all morning, I would certainly lose track of time, and some of these do need to be started before lunch if they will be ready for when students arrive." He hesitated, his eyes tracing her lips, and she watched him breathe heavily. "You have a plan for the day?" "Not yet," she admitted. "I was hoping I wouldn't have to for a while yet." He actually groaned slightly, his jaw working, and she held her breath as he hesitated, trying to decide what to do next. With a sharp, heavy exhale, he said, "Why don't you work until two? I should have everything brewing or stewing by then." Lydia almost suggested she help him, but with the mood they were both in, she suspected very little brewing would actually get done, so she agreed, giving him one quick kiss before letting him alone. She made her way to her office, where she began to organize her plans and fix her filing system. She ran through a few puzzles she'd been working on as she went, and perhaps for an hour or so she worked happily, productively, before she heard a knock at the door. Lydia glanced at the clock and realized it was far too early for Severus to be dropping in, so she frowned and said, "Come in." Perhaps the last person she expected – although maybe she should have expected him – was Albus, and there he was, walking through the door with a surprisingly solemn expression. "Oh," she said, scratching her eyebrow, frowning slightly. "Albus. Sorry, I didn't recall that you said you wanted to meet." "I didn't," he said, gesturing for her to not stop what he was doing. "I simply had a moment and thought I would check in. I had some concerns and I wanted to see how you were." "Concerns?" she asked, puzzled. Had there been complaints? Had her terrible year seeped into her teaching somehow?" "Not with your work, my dear," he said, almost sadly. "With you." Lydia said she wasn't sure what he meant, and she sat down on the edge of her desk as he crossed the room. He shook his head sadly and said, "Forgive me. In this job, sometimes I struggle with time. I'm sorry, I mean that sometimes I look at my staff and recall them too easily as children, and sometimes I look at my staff and forget too easily their pasts. Timing, Lydia. It is a difficult thing. You, I think, have been struggling with timing. I must say, I might have thought it would have happened some time ago." "What are you talking about?" she asked, annoyed with his roundabout way and pontificating. Not that she had been doing anything important, but Albus had a way of making her uncomfortable before she even knew what he was talking about. "I am talking about your mental health, Lydia," he said, almost sternly. "I have had this talk with Severus, with Remus, and now I regret that I have to have it with you. Oddly enough, I had it with Sirius once." She must have flinched at the sound of his name, because Albus gave her a knowing look and she turned away from his gaze. "There it is," he said softly. "I don't know what you're talking about," she lied, feeling a shiver down her spine. She could almost feel Sirius's hands around her throat, but she stared out the window of her office, admiring the rain on the window. "Lydia, you have seen some terrible things in your life. More than most, even considering the war. It would be shocking if you were without your ghosts. But I am concerned that you're not coping, that after all this time it's somehow become harder." "Whatever Severus has said—" "I do not need to speak to Severus to see that something is very wrong, Lydia," he said sternly. "If Severus has concerns, he does not share them with me. In fact, when I asked him about you, he said you were fine." She felt a little ball of warmth in her chest, knowing that Severus would tell such a lie to Albus on her behalf. She didn't turn around, though, as Albus said, "I am not asking or requiring anything of you, but to proceed with caution and to take care of yourself. Mental health is just as important as physical health, Lydia. Perhaps more so. You of all people must realize that." She inhaled sharply, but before she could decide what to do or say, Albus was gone, and Lydia was left standing by her office window, absently rubbing her neck. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader SilverMistKunoichi. I hope it fulfills expectations, and I hope y'all are enjoying being back at Hogwarts! One more year until Harry, and all that brings. Review Prompt: Thoughts on Abney? I think he might be my favorite DADA prof. -C
Lydia was two weeks into school when she finally confessed to Severus that the smell was back. Of course, she hadn't needed to confess. He woke her up in the middle of a nightmare one night where she was scratching at her own face. Severus had been alarmed, and told her that he'd been worried she would damage her eyes. "Go to Hogsmeade," he told her. "Pick up my order for me. We'll talk about this when you get back." He knew she already had a meeting set up with Remus, who had reached out to her with interest in seeing her for lunch. She was interested to see how he was doing, and Severus seemed to have calmed down about Remus since they had their summer away from Scotland. He'd not written her all summer, and she couldn't imagine a world where she wasn't talking to Remus. So she dropped by the apothecary and picked up Severus's order on her way to the pub. Because of this she was running slightly late, and Remus had already ordered for them, grabbing their usual table. She smiled, sitting down with him at the table. "I smell potions ingredients," he said, teasing, as he glanced at her bag. Not his best joking tone, so she knew there would be some awkwardness, but she worked not to be too put off by this tone. With how long it had been since they'd had a normal, casual chat like this, there was bound to be some awkwardness. "Yeah, I had to pick up Sev's order, since I was headed out this way," she said, smiling. "I hope it's not too offensive." "No, not so bad," he said, rubbing his jaw. "No livers, so that's good." She hummed, tucking a bit of hair behind her ear. It took them several awkward minutes for him to ask whether she had thoughts on her latest colleague. Lydia was able to make this brand of conversation work, and she managed to entertain Remus with stories about Abney, who was certainly proving to be a totally innocuous person. He drove Minerva a bit mad, which Severus found amusing, and Lydia appreciated that he didn't mind using sharp words with anyone, although he was never sharp with her. Remus managed to laugh along the whole way, and when they were enjoying a couple of firewhiskeys, he asked what was happening with the bloke from the year before. "Quirinus?" she asked, sighing. "He's on sabbatical, gone looking for more information on his subject in Albania. I told him that coming back after a year off might be tempting the curse, but he didn't listen. Anyway, I'm glad he's not around right now. Minerva's gone a bit weird about him." "How do you mean?" Lydia rubbed her eyes and said, "She thinks he fancies me, and she seems keen on the idea of us marrying or something. She said how that was just what I needed, a nice gentleman like him. Never mind that he's not at all what I want." Remus hummed, and she bit back the part where Minerva had essentially criticized her judgment the way Remus had when he conflated her choice of Severus to her living with Sirius. "She doesn't know about Severus, then," he said, smiling tightly. "She'd say even if she did," Lydia said, smiling weakly. "She thinks he's a bad influence." "Maybe he is," Remus teased. "You don't seem like you've been sleeping." Lydia felt her eyes widen and her head jerk back slightly, and Remus's face fell as he realized that the lack of sleep was nothing so innocent as he had insinuated. "Oh," he said, apologetically. "The smell again?" Lydia nodded. "Have you been…trying anything?" "Severus still doesn't smell it," she said, scratching the back of her neck and not meeting his eye. "We're trying…. I don't know, Remus, I'm not keen on taking potions, and he's been gracious about my reluctance, but…." "May I ask…what…?" She closed her eyes and said, "Sirius. Most of the nights. And people I love dying. There's such a long list, you know. But Sirius is there almost every night, and he kills me…." "No," Remus said so firmly that she opened her eyes with surprise. His eyes were sad, but they were almost stern. "Whatever I've come to believe about Sirius, Lydia, I can't believe he would have ever hurt you. I don't know if that's my guilt at pushing to toward him in school, or if there's some real basis in it, but I've never been able to believe that he didn't love you." "He was a good liar," Lydia said, shifting in her chair. "No one's that good," Remus said with a bitter smile. "Sometimes I've thought of visiting him. It's allowed, you know. But it wouldn't be cheap, and it's a terrible place, and what good would come of it? But I've always wanted to see how he lives now. I don't really know why." Lydia didn't want to see him. She wanted him as far away from her as humanly possible. The North Sea didn't seem far enough, most days. But she couldn't make her mouth articulate these words. "Severus knows about the smell?" "Yes," she said, frowning slightly. "But he doesn't smell it, either. Maybe I am just imagining things. It's so hard to tell, anymore." Remus's eyes were filled with tender concern, but he said nothing, just nodded. Motivated by guilt, she thought as she went back to the castle, ignoring the rain. Remus was motivated by his guilt, Severus was motivated by his concern, and she was motivated by…what? She wasn't wholly sure, anymore. Perhaps a need to have someone tell her that it had been as bad as she remembered, and that everything was fine now. Except things were not fine. She tried not to think of this as she went down to their shared quarters with Severus's order clutched in her hands, shaking slightly from the cold rain. She set down the ingredients, took off her scarf, slipped off her shoes, and was crossing into their bedroom when she smelled it. Severus was sitting on the foot of their bed and he looked up in alarm as she took a few stumbling steps backward. She felt dizzy, shook her head. "Lydia?" he said, quickly on his feet and catching her, helping her onto the sofa. "Lydia?" "Don't you smell it?" she managed to choke out. She felt that she couldn't breathe, and she had a hot sensation on her skin, like there was fire all around her. "Look at me," Severus said sternly, and she did, feeling small and disoriented. "No, Lydia, focus on my face. You are right here. You are safe." "It's real," she whimpered. "I smell nothing," he said, and she tried to inhale, to find it again, but she struggled to even breathe. "Lydia, I know how opposed you are to medication, but you can't go on like this. It's been weeks since you've slept through the night. Weeks since I last saw you smile. Please, Lydia." He kissed her hands and her vision began to blur. "Let me help you." "How?" she whispered, wiping hastily at her eyes, not looking at him. She felt slightly ashamed at her outburst, now. "I don't want a sleeping potion." "I'll modify it," he said, kissing her temple, then kissing her hands again. "We'll make something just for you. It'll take time, and I'll need you to be totally honest with me, but I believe we can do this." She blinked away tears and touched his earnest face. When was the last time Severus got to use his skills for a project, she wondered? Yes, he made the stores for the infirmary, and yes he had to brew frequently for his courses, but a puzzle he had to solve? Probably during the war, the nasty voice in the back of her head said, and she pushed it aside, knowing that those choices were a lifetime ago, and that although sometimes they forgot themselves, they were largely different people now. If there couldn't be forgiveness for youthful mistakes, even big ones, what absolution could Lydia find for the greatest mistake she ever made, the one still haunting her nightmares? "How?" she asked, and he sighed, almost in relief, sitting beside her and pulling her to his chest. "I'll start small," he said, kissing her forehead. "We'll start you on a simple sleeping potion and make changes from there, carefully. Do you want to start tonight or tomorrow?" Lydia hesitated. She knew she should start right away, but the aversion she had to sleeping potions was very, very strong. She did appreciate he was giving her a choice, even though they both knew if it wasn't tonight, it would have to be tomorrow. It wasn't much of a choice, but Lydia decided to make the most of it. "Tomorrow," she said softly. "And if you have a nightmare tonight?" They both knew he was being generous, that it wasn't a question of if, but of when. She sighed, relaxing against his body, feeling its solidity and strength. "Do you ever have nightmares?" Severus hesitated. She wondered what he was weighing, but then he said, "Sometimes. Not as often as I used to." She wondered what that meant. Perhaps when their parents were still alive, or when he was being mercilessly bullied by the Marauders. Lydia closed her eyes. Maybe right after Lily died. Very likely they all had nightmares, then. "What did you do?" she asked, moving closer. "What made them go away?" He kissed the top of her hair, tracing his fingers along the side of her face, down her neck. "When the Dark Lord was gone, and when I knew you were…safe, and well. I was able to properly sleep again. I've had them since, but not like…." She nodded. For all the things she'd seen, and all the things that had happened to her, Severus had seen worse. He had done worse. She clutched onto him, wishing she would have known, or realized, or thought about it at the time. She'd not been in the best place, either, though. Severus was very hesitant when they came back from dinner, and she knew he was regretting giving her the option to start the potions tomorrow rather than tonight, but Lydia made a point of kissing him before they got into bed. "I appreciate that you gave me a choice," she said, smiling as he kissed the corner of her mouth. "About the potions. I know I can be stubborn to the point of stupidity." "Past the point, sometimes," he said, before kissing her neck. Lydia found it in herself to force a chuckle before slipping between the covers and letting Severus's arms wrap around her. He fell asleep before she did, as had become usual since the term began. Lydia traced his fingers where they were clasped around her waist, and she kept sniffing the air as she felt his breath on her neck. If there was any justice in the universe, she thought bitterly, feeling the fine hairs on his hand, she would have just one good dream in her last night before drugged dreamlessness for Merlin knows how long. She thought through all the things she would like to see, all the things she could live over, all the people she wanted to talk to again. She realized, as she struggled to keep her eyes open, that all she really wanted was to find a teenaged Severus Snape, to tell him she was sorry for not trying harder to heal his breech with Lily, to tell him that nothing that was to come was his fault. She supposed, as she felt her consciousness slipping through her tightest grasp, that just as Severus wanted to fix her nightmares, she wished she could walk back through time and take away his, if such things were possible. She walked through a memory she knew, and not an unhappy one, exactly. It was New Year's Eve, although she couldn't strain her mind to remember the year off the top of her head. She was wearing the dress Mary had given her for Halloween, and she was walking down the staircase to the ballroom, where several people were looking at her. Friends, the family of enemies, and Sirius. It wasn't the usual Sirius of her nightmares, but a teenaged version, watch her as she remembered him watching her, like she was the only thing in the room that held any value. Lydia recalled that she had hesitated in life as he approached the foot of the stairs ready to meet her, but now she hesitated because this was all wrong. She didn't want to think of him this way, to remember him like this. Yes, it was better than when he was trying to strangle her, but this was all wrong. She could smell that awful scent as Sirius kissed her hand and told her she was beautiful, that she looked perfect. He'd said words like that. This scenario was like the past, but something was very different about it. Someone, something, was missing, and she couldn't put her finger on what it was. Lydia walked through the evening, dancing with Sirius, hearing him say words of adoration and longing that she recalled him saying, not necessarily on that night, but at some point when they were young, before she succumbed to his advances completely. She walked out into the night because she remembered doing that, and there was Remus. She stood beside him, feeling her heart pounding in her chest as she tried to think what was wrong, what was missing, who was missing. The smell was taking the place of whatever it was, but she couldn't put her finger on it. "Is something wrong?" she finally asked the Remus in her dream. "What do you mean?" he asked, almost too bright, none of the mournfulness she expected him to have. He was happy about something, really happy. "We're supposed to have someone else here," she said slowly, frowning at the bushes that lined the gardens. "We just talked about not being able to find Lily and James," he said, shrugging. "And Sirius was with Artemis." She hummed. Someone else was missing, but she couldn't put her finger on it. Sirius was coming back out, telling them that it was about to be midnight, and Lydia and Remus went inside. Sirius was close to her, closer than Lydia felt comfortable with, and he said in a low voice, "You need to try to stop remembering." "Sorry?" she asked, puzzled. "Remembering is dangerous," he said, his eyes no longer the carefree, loving eyes of a teenager. They were full of steel, anger. "If you can't let the past stay dead, you'll have to join it." Timing wasn't right. People were counting down to midnight, and she could see, over Sirius's shoulder, Remus and Artemis kissing. Except it wasn't the quick peck that had so vexed her in childhood. It was a passionate kiss, one that was extended, lingering, deepening, with a fire that never existed between Remus and Artemis in all of history. She tried to look away, horrified, but Sirius grabbed her neck, just below her jaw, holding her head so that she couldn't turn away. "No, look at them," he said angrily. "Long and hard, look at them. You watched then, didn't you?" "It wasn't like this," she managed to choke out through his hands. They weren't quite his hands, the fingers too short, too stubby, but it was him. It had to be him. "Something's wrong." "Always looking somewhere else. You underestimated me, Lydia. You all underestimated me." She felt sick to her stomach, wanting to insist that she didn't, but she knew he was right. "But not anymore. You can't forget, you won't forget, so tonight, I think, is your last night." Lydia felt his hands closing around her throat, and she was so certain that it was real. Somehow Sirius was there, in the room, and he was strangling her, and she wouldn't wake. It was a dream, but it wasn't. The scent was strong, all around her as she struggled to breathe, as she fought to free herself, and then it faded rapidly. She still could not breathe, and she felt hands reaching out, wrapping around her arms, and — She gasped as Severus shook her slightly at the arms, his eyes wide and afraid. "He was here," she said, anxious. "Sirius, he was here." "Lydia, Sirius Black is in Azkaban," he said, trying to hold her still, but she pulled out of his hold, rushing into the bathroom. He was pleading with her to come back to bed, but she lit every candle in the room. She shivered as he followed her in. She touched her throat slightly, feeling the tenderness and aggravation of the bruises. "I'm not mad," she said, shivering, pointing to her throat, and Severus's eyes went wide. He looked at her throat, measuring the bruises using his fingers. "I'm not mad. They're not my fingers. They're not your fingers." "They're not Black's fingers, either," he said, frowning. "His hands were always about as big as mine, but these are smaller. Lydia, in the dream, was it Black?" "Yes," she said, trembling, closing her eyes and swallowing. Her throat ached around the bruising. "It's always him." Severus's eyes were wide and vulnerable when she looked up at them, for the first time in as long as she could remember. He looked fully and truly afraid, although not quite as afraid as she felt. "What's happening to me?" she whispered as he touched one of the bruises gently. "What do I do?" "I – I don't know," he said, frowning. "This shouldn't be…. I don't know, Lydia." She felt mildly sick to her stomach, because she knew he was thinking exactly what she was thinking. Somehow, someone – if not Sirius, then someone – had been in her quarters and had tried to strangle her. Somehow they got in and out not only undetected, but entirely unnoticed by Severus. And that should have been impossible, but a few minutes more, and Lydia would have been dead. A/N: IT'S NOT IN HER HEAD. Ha. Just sayin'. That semi-reveal has been building up in me until I thought I'd burst, but I HELD ON. Bam. Just wait for the full reveal. ;) Review Prompt: Any guesses on how weird it's going to be when Quirrell comes back wearing a turban? -C
Against Lydia's wishes, Severus told Albus about the more-than-probably intruder, and every crack and crevice of their quarters were searched by the two men, concerned about Lydia's safety. They had her recount the dream before the incident over and over, until Lydia thought she would see every detail every time she closed her eyes. But eventually, both men were stumped, and Severus set about finding the right formula for a sleeping potion for her. For the moment, Lydia relented. She made it through most of October without any dreams, and with a significant amount of sleep. She wouldn't have said she was happier, because the lack of dreams made her uneasy, but the lack of nightmares was a blessing she couldn't ignore. On the morning of Halloween, however, Lydia woke up feeling particularly empty and depressed. "How did you sleep?" Severus asked her as she climbed out of bed to join him in the shower. "I don't know," she said, peeling off her nightgown. She could almost feel his body stiffening through the shower door as she did that, the way it always did. She might have smiled to herself on a different day, but this morning smiles were too heavy for her lips. She joined him in the shower, closing the door quickly behind her, and she consented to have him shampoo her hair for her. He pressed a few kisses to the back of her neck as he worked, but she barely felt them. She felt strangely numb, and she knew it wasn't a side effect of the potions. It had to be because of Halloween. "You're not well," he said softly, but she told him she was fine, and for going to breakfast and doing grading and such, she was absolutely fine. And she wasn't not fine. She just didn't feel well. They dried, dressed, and went to breakfast, and both were very dull. Abney and Minerva both commented on it, and Lydia got the keen sense that Albus wanted to mention it, but because he knew all that had been going on, he didn't feel it was appropriate for him to draw attention to it. Lydia looked out over the students, all so excited about the feast later that night. She couldn't bring herself to be excited for celebrating Halloween, not as much as some years. She wanted to drink herself into a stupor and try to do some equations, in that order. Lydia was just about to ask Albus if she could be excused from the feast when post began, and a small note was dropped in front of her. She sighed, glancing at Albus and seeing a knowing look in his eyes. She'd been afraid ever since the incident of nearly being strangled in her sleep that Albus had or would tell Remus, and that he would panic or feel guilty or just feel the need to be near her. Not that she necessarily minded him knowing any more than Albus, but it was how everything would get jolted into chaos again that was disagreeable to her. Ignoring a question from Abney, she opened the letter, pleased that it was short, at the very least. Lydia, Albus told me what happened, or some of it, anyway. I find it unacceptable that someone could get into your quarters like that, and I find it puzzling that Severus, with his war instincts, would not notice. But better that we know now that it was real. I hate to think what might have happened. At any rate, I thought you said the smell was familiar? I know this is a difficult day for us all, so I wanted to tell you that I'll leave some flowers at the gravesite for you on my way through Godric's Hollow. I hope tonight, anyway, you can have good dreams, if you can have nothing else. -R She licked her lips, mulling over the note. She tucked it into her pocket and turned toward Albus, who was still watching her mildly. "Albus," she said, frowning, "would it be possible to—" "You are excused from the feast, my dear," Albus said, as though this were a perfectly normal thing that professors asked every day. "And Severus too, if he so wishes." Lydia thanked him and Severus sharply inclined his head to acknowledge the gift of the evening off. Abney made a tutting sound and asked why on earth they would want to be apart from all the joyous festivities. His eyes twinkled as though he thought they were simply sneaking off to behave like teenagers while the teenagers were occupied otherwise, but he said, "After all, it's the anniversary of the fall of You-Know-Who! Ten years next year, isn't that remarkable?" "Quite," Lydia said in a tight voice, thinking of the nightmares she'd had of Lily being killed. As soon as she could leave the breakfast table without causing whispers, Lydia retreated back to their quarters, and Severus followed her, never content to leave her alone for any length of time, especially in their quarters. She couldn't really argue, as she didn't want to be alone, either, and she made him a cup of tea without bothering to ask if he wanted it. She knew he would. "The letter was from Lupin, I presume," he said, frowning as she stirred honey into his tea. "Yes," she said, surprising him by sitting on his lap. She rested her head on his shoulder as she waited for her tea to cool. "Albus told him about the incident." "Of course he did," Severus said, caressing her back gently. He took a sip of his tea and hummed. "You put spices in the honey." "Yeah," she sighed. "Do you like it?" He took another sip and held the tea in his mouth for a longer moment before swallowing. "A little heavy on the cinnamon, but it is not unpleasant." That was his way, she supposed, of saying he did, in fact, like it. She made a mental note to adjust the cinnamon content the next time she tinkered with his honey. "Severus?" she whispered, sitting up slightly as the words in Remus's letter bothered her. "There's something…. Well, I don't really know how to ask." "Just ask, Lydia," he said, before kissing her shoulder. "I think you'll find you're quite capable of words." She laughed nervously before she pressed her temple into his neck and said, "Does it bother you that someone got in and…and you didn't wake up?" "Does it bother me?" he asked, his voice dull and expressionless in a way she found chilling. "Does it bother me that someone tried to kill you while I was asleep right beside you? Of course it bloody well bothers me." Lydia said nothing for a long moment. She knew she was poking at a raw spot, but she couldn't help it. Once the seed had been planted in her mind, however, she couldn't stop until she knew. She told herself this was perfectly reasonable, because after all, it was her safety they were talking about. "But you…you fought a war," she said, frowning. "You have the best reflexes of anyone I've ever met. I guess I just don't…." Severus's arms tightened around her, and she wondered what was wrong. She could tell from his posture that something was very, very wrong, and she tried to remember the last time she'd seen this posture. After he said the things that ruined his relationship with Lily. Just after he told her that Sirius had indeed been a Death Eater. Perhaps that was the most recent case. "I couldn't wake," he said softly. "That I woke at all is nothing short of…dare I say a miracle?" Her stomach sank and she sat back slightly, tilting her head to look him in the eye. "Sleeping potions," she said. Her stomach turned as he nodded jerkily, not meeting her gaze. "You took a sleeping potion." He was right. It was indeed a miracle that he'd woken. She hadn't even known such a thing was possible, on the right dose. And Severus was certainly on the right dose. She slipped out of his hold and stood, crossing to put the kettle on, not thinking about the fact that they both had tea already. He watched her. "Why?" she finally said, over the sounds of heating, bubbling water. "I need them." She shivered slightly. If he used a word like need…. Well, what did he mean by that? Dependency? Had he started with occasional use and now couldn't stop? What if someone came for her now they were both taking them? Before she could ask, however, he said, "I haven't had one since you started taking them, Lydia. I'll never touch one again as long as there's a chance of that happening again." She felt so conflicted as she turned and frowned at him. "But you say you need them." He looked down at his hands for a long moment. He took a sip of tea and said, "The things that haunt you, Lydia, the nightmares you have and the things you've seen…. Terrors, I am sure. But they are the fears of children compared with what I have seen, what I've done, what I know about the darkness in this world. My nightmares would drive a man to madness. I did not start taking them lightly, or regularly, but when I…" He licked his lips and looked over her shoulder, shaking his head slightly. Whatever he'd been about to say, he wasn't going to tell her, and Lydia tried to push aside her curiosity. "So you need them," she said, wondering what she was going to do. If he needed those potions, she didn't want to keep him from them, but they had determined that she needed the ones he was formulating for her. They couldn't both take them, not after what happened, and yet…. "I need you more," he said, not meeting her gaze, but his voice strong, if a bit vulnerable. Lydia closed her eyes and swallowed. Severus was asking her to stay, she realized. She had been thinking of sleeping elsewhere, of perhaps sleeping in the infirmary for a while, but Severus was begging her to stay, in his own little way. She sat on his lap again and he wrapped his arms around her waist holding her tightly, pressing his lips to her neck tenderly. "I don't want this to hurt you," she said, caressing his jaw. "I never wanted this to be your problem." "If it makes you feel less guilty," he said silkily, "consider it a blow to my professional pride that someone could attempt to assault you in our bed without my catching them. You know how seriously I take my professional pride." "All your pride," she teased, and he hummed. Albus had the elves bring the pair some dinner, which was a suitable assortment from the feast. Lydia thought this was very nice of him, but Severus pointed out that Abney probably suggested it, as he had been quite concerned that Lydia was missing the feast. "I think he rather looks at you like a granddaughter," Severus said, almost teasing. "Well, he certainly likes you," she teased back, wrapping her arms around his neck after he finished his food. She pulled him back to their bedroom and he followed without hesitation. "Shall we call that familial approval?" She was mildly surprised when he pushed her into their bed, almost roughly, and he knelt beside her before settling himself between her legs, on top of her. "Do you honestly believe," he said in a low, almost dangerous voice, "that any disapproval, familial or otherwise, would keep me from this?" Lydia felt her heart in her ears, and she tried to decide what to say, but before she could gather her thoughts enough to formulate a response, but Severus kissed her hard, his hands hastily and carelessly unclasping her robes. She felt strangely light as he worked, like she was somehow outside her own body as she kissed him back, her hands seeming incapable of working to help him get his own clothes off. She laid back on the pillows and allowed herself to feel him, meditating on his words as he kissed her skin. No disapproval would keep him from this. Her father would certainly have disapproved of Severus, for social and socioeconomic reasons. Talented or otherwise, he never would have been good enough for Lydia. Lydia's mother would have been suspicious as well, thinking of her own situation, and what a gamble it was to have her little girl be with a man from a home like theirs. Theia might have approved, but that was really all. Lily never approved. Sirius and James would absolutely not have approved. Perhaps Remus didn't really approve, in the way that she wasn't sure Albus wholly approved. Minerva certainly would not approve, and had said as much in her efforts to get Lydia to consider Quirinus Quirrell's interest more seriously. Lydia gasped as Severus entered her, and she felt his lips on her lips. She kissed him back hungrily. Approval was overrated, she decided. Approval meant giving someone else say over her life, and she'd done enough of that to last her well over a lifetime. She moaned his name, moving with him to create more friction. Lydia relished the sounds he made as he tried to quench his body's desires. Especially in times like this, when he lost his sense of self-control and gave in entirely to sensation. She recalled, from somewhere out of the depths of memory, a time when they had experienced in her Occlumency lessons what it was like for each of them during sex. She recalled the power of sensation and desire for him, and she was momentarily jealous that even at her greatest levels of sensation, she couldn't get anywhere near that. When she climaxed, it was pleasant, and she tried to catch her breath as Severus pressed his lips tenderly about her throat. She knew he was kissing around where the fingerprints and handprints had been. Lydia traced her fingers through his hair. "It's not fair," she said softly. "And I wonder sometimes if it's something wrong with me, or just a result of you being a man." His head jerked back, and she realized he hadn't heard the things she'd been saying in her head. "What's not fair?" he asked, his voice measured, but she knew he was alarmed. "Sorry," she sighed, smiling ruefully. "I was just thinking how…. Well, do you remember when we had that slipup in my Occlumency lessons and I ended up in your memory?" His eyes flashed with recognition and she closed her eyes, feeling his fingers tracing on her skin. "I was just thinking how much more intense everything was in your memory of the event than in mine, and I…I don't know. It just doesn't feel fair." He hummed, wrapping his arms around her, saying nothing for a very long time. She half wondered whether he had fallen asleep when she opened her eyes and he said, "I suppose we could make a project of it." "How do you mean?" she asked, amused. He kissed her collarbone and said, "I am aware of some potions, although several would be classified as drugs, that heighten sensation and stimulation. None are ideal, of course, but I believe…. Well, without being too immodest, we do happen to have two of the most acute scholarly minds of our generation." Lydia snorted, musing that it sounding so absurd, hearing Abney's words on Severus's lips. He smirked. "Between us," he said, tracing his hands up her neck to her jaw, "surely we could come up with something, perhaps even something just attuned to you. I am already doing an extensive study of your body chemistry. Seems a shame to let the information go to waste when the sleeping potion is perfected." That was true, she supposed. After all the poking and prodding and blood and saliva tests, she ought to be able to get maximum benefit out of it. Lydia agreed that they could consider their possibilities. She was relieved that he didn't take her statement as some kind of slam on his performance as a man. Sirius would have, and probably a lot of other men. She wasn't sure if this was a fundamental difference between Severus and Sirius, or just Severus having seen several of her sexual experience through her eyes now. He understood what she meant, because he'd felt the difference. She wasn't unsatisfied, she simply wasn't…feeling all that he felt. What neither of them thought about, and what neither of them realized that they weren't thinking about, was that all over England witches and wizards were celebrating one of two things while they pair were spooning in their bed. Many were celebrating Halloween in traditional ways, with carved pumpkins, candles, feasts and sweets and entertaining marks of spookiness. Fewer, but still a significant number, however, were gathering in one of several places, the bulk of them in a little village called Godric's Hollow. They were seeing the statue, the destroyed house of the Potters, and the grave where two brave, martyred souls had been buried side by side. Remus Lupin was among those who made this pilgrimage to the grave of the Potters, laying not only one wreath, but two. He knew Lydia would not visit, but he did not want to imagine where she was or what she was doing. He supposed she was in terrible pain, as they all usually were on Halloween. What he could not have imagined, or perhaps would not have wanted to try to imagine, was that Lydia was curled up contentedly in Severus's arms, blissfully distracted with the way their bodies felt pressed tightly together. They whispered their plans for study the way some lovers whisper sweet nothings, and sleep took them slowly, after Severus made certain she took a proper dose of the adjusted potion, the both of them still covered in sweat and intertwined like healthy, lusty vines. A/N: So… Now we know why Severus didn't wake and see…whomever it was. ;) Some of you totally know who it is, and I'm impressed, because I totally held back my biggest clue. It was way too obvious, tempting though it was. Our perpetrator, whomever it may be (even though we all basically know now), may be a bit bold, but not stupid, so attempts may not be cropping up all over. Review Prompt: So, best use of Severus and Lydia's combined brilliance…. Saving the wizarding world from any manner of illnesses or defects etc., or improving their sex life? I'm honestly not sure on this one, so I'm curious to see what y'all come up with. -C
Lydia felt nervous as she refilled and reorganized many of the ingredients in Severus's stores, things students had access to and were dismal and returning to their original locations. She could feel her heart pounding in the base of her throat, painful and obnoxious in its reminder that any moment Severus would come in and she would have to make an account of herself. She felt like a guilty child, and she also felt like a bit of an idiot. Sure enough, not a full minute later Severus walked in, and he frowned slightly, eyes narrowing at the sight of what she was doing. "What do you need?" he asked, suspiciously. "What makes you think I need something?" she asked, nervously laughing. "Because you never take an interest in my ingredients," he said, coming over to her, "unless you need one. And you hate adding chores to your routine. It is months from my birthday. Therefore, you need something, or perhaps want something." He raised an impatient eyebrow and she sighed, smiling weakly at him. "I just saw my publisher." "Indeed." "And I…may have accidentally floated an idea I'll need your help on." "Accidentally?" "Well, we were bouncing around thoughts on what was relevant and interesting. We're trying to make the field more…high profile." "How devious of you," he said, smiling slightly as he kissed the corner of her mouth. "I sincerely doubt that involves Potions in any way, however." "It doesn't," she said, sighing and sitting on the nearest desk. He crossed to her again, looking down at her with questions in his eyes. "Well, I was just thinking over upcoming events, and I happened to say, sort of without thinking, that Harry was coming to Hogwarts next year. And they got very excited." Severus's eyes flashed, and she knew he was thinking along the lines she was thinking. The scholarly attention around Harry – particularly by young historians – was ridiculous, and certainly wouldn't be very healthy. "Well, they made some good points," she said, defensively. "And it did fit what we were looking for, and as much as I hate to say it, I'm the best placed to make an arithmantic study of Harry's…peculiar circumstances." "And you need me…?" "Information," she said, feeling sick to her stomach. "Albus has agreed to give me as much as he can, and I won't press you for more than you feel you can give, but I need…. Please." Severus hesitated, and Lydia half-hoped he would say no, give her half a reason not to do this ridiculous and probably painful project. She wished she hadn't bothered making the case to him, wished that he didn't see any reasonable side to it. She couldn't take it back now, though, and he kissed her forehead and sighed. "Anonymously?" "As much as possible," she said mournfully. "I mean, it's not exactly a great secret we're close. Anyone who's been through Hogwarts or sent children through in quite a few years now would know we're friends. Anyone who went through with us or around the same time as us. Your friends, my…friend." He sighed and said, "Well, I suppose we have to decide on where to start, then, won't we?" Lydia winced and nodded, pulling out the meager notes she had already collected, and he sat down beside her, looking over them. "Date of birth," he said, touching the second number she'd written. "What's this one?" "It's the approximate date of conception," she said, frowning. "It's been a while now, and that's not something that's an exact science, but it's a useful approximation to have for several possible calculations." He muttered, "I see what you mean about best placed." "Albus has given me a few basic facts about the Dark Lord," she said, turning the paper over. "It's quite impossible to be certain about date of birth or conception in his case, but Albus was able to give me other critical dates. The date the Trace was lifted, most importantly. It gives me the best possible approximation of date of birth." "Yes," Severus said. "And of course the date of convergence." "Yes," she said, rubbing her jaw. "I've got basics about Lily and James as well, as they were present. Should I…should I bother with Sirius?" "No, I don't think so," Severus said quickly. "After all, he wasn't present for the convergence, was he? You only want bodies present. In fact, I think Potter was probably already dead by the convergence in reality, from what Albus and I have discussed." "I need to ask you something sort of strange," she said, rubbing her eyes. "You're sure the Dark Lord used the Killing Curse?" "It is all but certain." She pinched the bridge of her nose and said, "I need to take measurements of it." "Excuse me?" he said, puzzled. She gave him a slightly embarrassed smile and said, "I know enough now that most charms and hexes and jinxes have standard measurements on file at the Ministry scholars can use for their research, but Dark magic and Unforgivables are strictly monitored by the Department of Mysteries. They don't really like me there although I'm not sure why." He smirked and said, "I know who it is, and it's because they wanted you to work there. Can you recall how many job offers you go unsolicited from them?" She hadn't given it much thought, but she supposed it was several. Severus and Lydia went to their quarters and pored over the numbers, trying to stay dispassionate as possible, and they outlined how they were going to obtain the gaps in the equations, such as measurements of the Killing Curse, which chilled Lydia to the bone. She'd had no direct experiences with that eerie green light since she was a teenager, and it was bound to haunt her once she saw it again. After about an hour of work, however, Lydia stood abruptly and began pacing the room, which Severus watched her do for several lengths of their sitting room. "It is wearing on you," he said softly. "I should remind you that none of what happened was your fault." She breathed in deeply and exhaled sharply, lacing her fingers together and breathing as best she could. She knew he was right, but to believe it was another matter entirely. After a while he stood, crossing to her, separating her hands and kissing them each in turn. "Why don't we take a break?" he said, and she nodded. She could hardly argue with a break. He pressed his forehead to hers and one of his hands traced up her neck. "You know, I never said, but I like that blouse very much." She frowned slightly, unsure what he meant by that. "This blouse?" she said, glancing down to double-check when she'd worn that day. "I hate this blouse. It's terribly thin. I have to wear an undershirt, and it never fits as well with an undershirt." "I know," he said, deftly unbuttoning it. "But every time you wear it, I can think of nothing but your breasts." She laughed in surprise, mostly surprise at herself for not having thought of that. He finished unbuttoning and she shrugged off the blouse, letting him walk her back into their bedroom as he untucked the undershirt. From there the undressing was a familiar series of motions and sensations, but entirely pleasant ones. Lydia actually laughed as Severus kissed the nape of her neck, not because it tickled, but because he had left a small bruise there the night before and he'd been nipping at it possessively that morning as well, before he let her leave bed. "You like that mark, don't you?" she asked, kneeling on the bed and feeling him kneel behind her, paying particular attention to her neck still. He hummed his agreement to the question and nibbled lightly at the bruise. "Why?" "I am protecting you," he said, nipping at it once more before kissing down her back to about halfway, nudging her forward onto her hands as he worked. Lydia understood what he meant. He was leaving the mark somewhere she could wear it without students seeing, as a kind of deterrent to anyone who would hurt her. A counter to the bruises someone had left mysteriously on her skin. A talisman of…ownership was too strong. Belonging, perhaps. She closed her eyes and set the thoughts aside as he filled her. She could enjoy his feel, enjoy his touch, enjoy the closeness and immediacy of the moment without having to think of the past, or the future, or anything but how much her body needed his. The potions they had been working on were working, although not as well as she would like. Still, she felt his touches more keenly, and her erogenous zones were more sensitive than they'd been before. She wished she could feel that compulsive ache he felt when they were together, but they'd not managed to add that in without acquiring some undesirable side-effects to boot. Like hallucinations. Lydia didn't think hallucinations would be especially good for her psyche, and Severus quite agreed. She thought he would stop at one go – a quick study break and then back to work – but he seemed insatiable, and she climaxed three times and lay back, exhausted, when he finally relaxed beside her, wrapping his arms around her. "That was nice," she sighed, stretching slightly, careful not to hit him with her arms. "Yes," he said, rolling over and kissing her neck gently. "It was." She hadn't realized she was so exhausted, but she did fall asleep, a mercifully dreamless nap. When she opened her eyes again she frowned, rolling over and mildly surprised that Severus was not beside her. She had no real sense of how long he'd been gone from her side. She did feel cold, despite being covered in their sheets and blankets, but she wrapped a blanket around her body and climbed out of bed. There was no sound of him in their bathroom, so she went through to the sitting room. He was just sitting by the fireplace, calmly going over their notes from before their…break. "How long was I out?" she asked, rubbing her temple. "About two…two and a half hours," he said mildly, closing the journal she'd been using to take down their notes. "I didn't want to disturb you. I rarely see you sleep so peacefully these days. Hagrid has arranged something for us at my request." "Oh?" she asked, puzzled. "I did some research," he said, making her a cup of tea. "Five measurements is what you need for a quality understanding of the quantitative qualities of a spell." "Yes," she said, rubbing the back of her neck. "He has selected five animals of various sizes and description that will be used in the kitchens. All I have said is I need to dispose of their life force for research purposes. He knows no more than that." Lydia was pleased, but she doubted very much that Hagrid would understand much more than that, even if they deigned to tell him. He was a kind man, but he was not very well-versed in intricacies of magic. The very little she knew he illegally practiced was rudimentary and therefore very unlikely to become dangerous. Not with Albus and Kettleburn keeping a rough eye on him. "Very well," she said, accepting the tea with thanks. "I suppose I should dress, then?" "Take your time," he said, in a voice that could have been innocent and selfless, but she knew Severus too well, and she knew from the way his eyes were following her that he was enjoying the sight of her in only their sheet. She just smiled into her cooled tea and stretched out on their sofa, resting her feet on his lap. He caressed her calves without being asked, massaging the skin and muscles carefully as he watched her drink her tea. When she finished it, she did reluctantly dress, and they took their things down to Hagrid's hut. Hagrid directed them to a paddock and told them it was nothing when Lydia thanked him, and Severus unlocked a small cage that held a ferret, a hare, and some kind of bird that was definitely not a chicken. "They're not using ferrets in the kitchens, surely," she said, mildly disgusted. "Of course not," Severus said, amused. "Those are for feeding his larger beasts. The thestral is lame and old and needs to be put down, and that chicken," he said, pointing to the angry-looking bird with disdain, "has begun to attack other chickens." "Lovely," Lydia said, wrinkling her nose. "I suppose we should get started." Severus hummed, immobilizing each animal in turn, just to be certain all five stayed where he needed them. He raised his wand first to the ferret, and Lydia said she was ready for the measurements as soon as she began the diagnostic spell. "Avada Kedavra," he said smoothly, but even on his tongue the words sounded awful, and Lydia felt slightly dizzy as the forest around them filled with an unnatural green light. She forced herself to breathe more deeply, not to succumb to the panic she felt rising in her chest. The ferret was dead, and she quickly took down the measurements in her journal, ignoring her nausea. He repeated the process with the bird, and the hare. He then turned to her, smiling slightly, and she felt very uncomfortable, like she'd stepped into one of her nightmares and suddenly it was Sirius looking back at her. "Would you like to try?" he said, gesturing toward the chicken, immobilized on the floor of the paddock. "No," she said softly, her voice coming out as a bit of a squeak. "Are you sure?" he asked, almost circling her, touching her arms. "It's just a chicken, and I have to confess, I've always wanted to see you do this spell." She didn't want to hear him say that. She didn't want to know how long "always" was, and she didn't want to tell him just how disgusting she found what they were doing. It wasn't the killing of the animals, but how they were doing it. So much about the Killing Curse was still unknown, but the theories were horrific. A ripping of the soul from the body, physically painless but psychically excruciating for both parties. "Sev," she said weakly, knowing he did truly want her to do this for some strange reason. "Just the once," he asked, kissing the nape of her neck, that little mark he'd made on the back of her neck. "Please?" Damn, he was using manners, which meant he really, really wanted this for some bizarre reason, but she didn't even decide what she was going to say before her body started trembling. "Lydia?" he asked, puzzled. "What's wrong, are you cold?" "Severus, this curse is…is…." She exhaled a shaky breath. "This is what took away my mother, Sev. It took away Lily and James, and tried to take Harry. It probably took Mary, didn't it?" He said nothing. That was all the confirmation she needed. Mary had died from the Killing Curse. "I can't," she said, taking a gasping breath. "Do you see? I can't possibly do this curse. Even if I could make my mouth form the words, I could never mean them. It could be my worst enemy and I couldn't…couldn't…" "I…. Yes," he said, kissing the back of her neck again. "I should have realized…. I'll do it, just let me know when you're ready to measure." She steadied herself, taking deep breaths and closing her eyes, not wanting to see the light. She knew she'd still see it, even with her eyes closed, but she could tell herself she wouldn't and at least try to be calm. Killing the chicken and thestral were done quickly, and Lydia rested herself on the fence of the paddock, just staring at the dead thestral, majestic and terrible in its deathly beauty. She wanted to touch it, but she was afraid to know what it would feel like. "I remember the first time I saw one of those," she said softly. "We were just kids." Severus wrapped his arms around her and said, "I'm not certain either of us were ever truly children, Lydia." "There must have been some time," she said, frowning. "Something before everything became…." She shrugged. Severus said nothing. She knew he believed that his father was a monster who had been a monster even when Severus was in his mother's womb, and perhaps that made it easier to have killed Tobias, thinking of him that way. Lydia preferred to think that her father had loved her mother once. She hated the idea that she might not have been conceived out of love. "We should go back," she said after a while. "Should we…take some of these back to Hagrid? I would hate if something in the forest ate something he needed." "I'll take care of it." She nodded, and he sent off a Patronus – a doe, she realized, feeling slightly sick at the sight of it. She'd never seen his Patronus before, although she'd known he could create one. She said nothing as she stared after the beautiful, silvery creature. A doe. Lily's Patronus had been a doe. Lydia knew such magic was complicated and never fully a correlation to mundane things, but somehow seeing that doe had created a heaviness over her chest. They walked back to the castle, but she didn't take his hand as they walked. If he would have asked, she would have reminded him that students might see, but in truth she didn't want to touch him for a little while. He was still in love with Lily, and while she knew it wasn't fair to be upset about it when she was still in love with Remus in spite of her best efforts, seeing such a visual representation of it was more painful than she could have anticipated. A/N: So, they're studying Harry. This is going to be awkward for Sev, for sure, and painful for Lydia. And how about that Patronus, eh? Review Prompt: How much do you think Albus is going to tell her about what really happened that night? -C
Before Severus said a word, she knew what he was going to say, and she turned away, feeling a strange mix of anxious and guilty and angry emotions in her gut. She knew he was coming from a place of care and concern, but she was too tired, too stressed, too hungry at the moment, to look at the matter from his view. "Lydia, you need to take your potion." He'd worked very hard on it, and for that she was flattered, but Lydia hadn't taken it for over a week, and she knew he was reaching his breaking point in just watching. His firm expression wasn't enough to compel her to do as he wanted, and Severus was now having to use his firm tone of voice. She brushed a bit of hair over her shoulder, as though trying to hide herself behind a curtain of blonde locks. She could hear the clicking sound he made, full of evident disappointment and frustration, but she didn't know how to express to him how uneasy she felt upon waking after those potions. It wasn't merely the lack of dreams. She couldn't guarantee them without the potion, and dreams had never been kind to her. It was having to feel her neck for sore spots, it was knowing that Severus wasn't able to take anything for fear that she wouldn't be able to wake when morning came. Lydia hated the thought that she was keeping him from something he needed, and if she could do this, if she could prove that she didn't need the potion, then he could take them again. She didn't want him to need them, but she could see a change in him since he'd stopped. "Lydia," he said sharply, and she tried not to flinch. Even that tone of voice was a consequence of his sleeplessness. Lydia wasn't stupid enough to ask, and he certainly wasn't volunteering the information, but she would have guessed he was waking two or three times a night from nightmares of his own. The dark circles were beginning to mount below his dark eyes, and Lydia thought they were eerie, hollow, and unpleasant. A constant reminder that whatever was happening to her was hurting him. "I don't want to," she said, still not meeting his gaze. Severus made the sound of frustration again and she held her breath, wishing he would just let it go. If he could just wait it out, he would see. She would be alright. She had to do this, for both of them, because their current equilibrium was destroying them both. "You need it," he said, brushing her hair out of her face, attempting to get her to look at him. "Lydia, you need it." "No," she said, struggling slightly as he tried to lift her chin. "Sev, the nightmares have stopped." "Well, of course they've bloody stopped," he said sharply. "You're taking a sleeping potion!" She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply to keep from saying something she'd regret. She didn't want Severus to feel guilty for things beyond his control, just as she knew he didn't want her to feel as though she had to be responsible for everything. "Severus, please," she said, wearily. "Please, I don't want to need them." She could almost feel him soften, although she didn't open her eyes to see. He surprised her by touching her through gently, reminding her of the marks that had marred her skin. She swallowed in an effort to fight tears. "I don't want you to need them, either," he said, his face so very close to hers. "The fact remains that you do need them, Lydia." "We won't really know," she argued, although it felt so futile. "We'll never really know if I'm ready to quit unless I try to stop every once in a while." Severus wanted to fight, she knew. It didn't take much to get him fighting, anymore, and it wouldn't take much to get him to snap again, but he was trying. He didn't want this to be a fight, and she didn't want it, either, but both were convinced that they were right. She couldn't bring him up in her arguments, because he would be upset that she was making her choices based on his health. On the other hand, she was upset that he was sacrificing his health for hers. Somewhere there was a balance, but neither had found whatever it was, and so both were clinging to their conviction of being right. "I don't ever want to feel like I've lost you again," he said tightly. "And that includes mentally." Lydia shivered, feeling a sudden pull toward the forest, the lingering remnants of Dalia's work, she knew. She swallowed back a wave of nausea, afraid to speak. She didn't want to upset him further by saying something she knew would set him off. "We'll be late for the Christmas party," he said, almost bitterly, annoyed that Albus was making them attend the staff Christmas party. Lydia suspected that Minerva and Abney had both suggested that Lydia and Severus not be given so many outs from forced social occasions. "I don't want to go," she sighed, wrapping her arms around Severus's neck and pressing her face to his shoulder. "We've got too much work to do." "Lydia, there's nothing you can do until I get the charts you need." She sniffed, knowing that he was right. She couldn't move forward until she had the star charts from Harry's birth and Lily's death, but she wanted to be working instead of being at the staff Christmas party. Severus, seemingly forgetting the whole fight, allowed Lydia to coax him into a few kisses before he insisted that they head to the party, before Albus sent someone after them. The party was in the staff room, which Filius had half-heartedly decorated. Lydia sat in the corner, ignoring the glass of champagne she was apparently expected to drink, and Severus was momentarily waylaid by Trelawney, who apparently needed to urgently speak to him about critical choices. Whose choices wasn't certain, and Lydia knew she wouldn't be able to listen without laughing. Abney sat down across from her, sipping his champagne happily. "Not a champagne drinker?" he asked, slightly red in the face and a little jollier than even his usual. "No," she said, frowning slightly. Even if she had been, bad things always seemed to happen around champagne. "I'll take yours when I finish this, then," he said, winking. "We can swap. Albus will never know." Lydia thanked him, rubbing her jaw absently and glancing over to see how Severus was faring with the Divination professor, who was now attempting to read his palm while he kept jerking it away from her. Lydia tried not to laugh. "Do you know what love is, my dear?" Abney said, and she turned her head sharply, surprised and puzzled by the question. "Excuse me?" "Love," he said simply, as though the question had been an obvious conversation piece that followed from swapping champagne glasses. "Do you know what it's all about?" Lydia smiled weakly, thinking of Lily and James's wedding, and how utterly blissful they both looked. "No," she said mildly, "but I have a feeling you're about to enlighten me." "Pretty and smart," Abney said, smiling brightly. "I tell Albus every day, it's a strange thing, you being single. Well, I say single." He winked and Lydia felt her neck go hot. "No, you see, the secret is that love is sacrifice." "What?" she said, feeling sick, thinking of James dying for Lily, Lily dying for Harry, Remus pushing Lydia away. "Sacrifice, my dear. You should have your hearing checked. Love is where you give up a bit of what you want for what someone else needs." She glanced over at Severus again and saw him batting away the attempts to grab his hands again, nearly sloshing his nearly-full glass of champagne all over Trelawney in the attempt. Lydia's gaze fell on his eyes, on the dark circles beneath them, and somehow all she could see was the silvery doe that had burst ethereal from his wand when they were in the forest. Her stomach turned and she accepted Abney's empty glass, pushing her full one into his hands. "I'm not sure I believe that," she said, smiling weakly. "But it's a lovely thought." Abney was smiling that knowing smile at her when she looked up at him and he said, "You don't believe because you don't understand. Brilliant, but not the most perceptive. It's a common flaw. You see, the definition of love is terribly simple, but it's a horrifically complex thing. One doesn't simply fall in love and a switch is flicked, my dear. Think of it as a…continuum, if you'd like. I loved my wife, but I didn't love her at first sight, or wake up one day and realize that I suddenly loved her. It's small, with lots of little things, and by the time I knew I loved her, I'd really loved her a terribly long time. I find that's often the way of things." Lydia liked Abney, even if she didn't think he always had the full grip of a situation, and she just smiled politely, trying to decide what to say to him when Severus joined them with a sour expression. "I see you got away," she said, moving to make room for him on the sofa and ignoring the knowing look Abney was giving them as Severus settled beside Lydia. "You could have helped," he said grumpily, nodding to Abney. "What could I have done, exactly?" Lydia asked, but before Severus could respond, Abney laughed and clapped, looking up at the ceiling. Lydia groaned, not needing to look up to now that the random sprouting of mistletoe had occurred above their heads once again, and she closed her eyes to keep from looking with annoyance at Albus. "My goodness, again?" Kettleburn said, amused. "Indeed," Severus said, his voice silky and short, like it often was at such events. "Best get it over with," Abney said, clearly grinning. "They'll not stop watching until you do." Lydia groaned again, opening her eyes and looking up at the admittedly attractive mistletoe that had grown from the stone ceiling. Severus seemed to be of Abney's mind on the matter, though, and he tucked his fingers under her chin to turn her gaze toward him. His eyes were expressionless, which was startling for a fraction of a moment before his lips touched hers, cool and familiar, and she had to make a point of not lingering so that no one became suspicious. There was something strangely arousing in how his eyes seemed to melt from their iciness when she pulled away, but she tucked hair behind her ear and stared at the empty glass she was holding. She sat awkwardly, wondering what she was going to do with it and when she would be able to go, but Abney leaned in toward the pair of them and said, "I do believe Albus could hardly object to you staying once Severus has finished his glass." Lydia glanced at Severus out of the corner of her eye and she almost laughed at how he finished his glass in one. It would have been funny if it hadn't reminded her of his father so much. They made their excuses and Albus looked like he was going to argue, but Abney shook his head. They went to their quarters quickly, and he pressed her to the door as soon as he closed it, kissing her hungrily. Lydia shivered, wrapping her arms around his neck and working to get closer, closer, closer. Her mind was swimming with the things Abney had said, the way Severus looked at her after the kiss in the staff room, and the sensation of Severus's body pressed against hers. She didn't bother trying to string coherent thoughts together for the rest of the night, simply striving to feel as they allowed their passions to overcome them. Come morning, Lydia wasn't sure whether she'd taken a potion or not, but she had a feeling she hadn't. There was no strange taste in her mouth, and she thought she would have put something on if she'd gotten up to take a potion. She rolled over, expecting to find Severus's body there to touch, but it was not. She frowned, sitting up, pulling the blanket up to cover her chilled skin. She wanted to start a fire, but her wand was entirely too far away, and she wasn't sure it was worth getting out of bed. Lydia had that all-too-common moment where she was desperate to get up to start a fire, but too cold to move for fear of being colder. Before she'd made a decision of what to do about this, she heard Severus coming into the quarters, and she realized he must have gone up to get the mail. "Anything?" she called. "Yes, your charts have arrived," he said, crossing through. He paused at the sight of her, licking his lips slightly, almost thoughtfully. He knelt beside her on the bed and kissed her. Lydia struggled between desperately wanting to see where he was going to take that kiss and desperately wanting to get back into their research, and she tried to keep kissing him as she reached for the parcels in his hands. Severus pulled them out of her reach and shook his said, smirking. "You'll have to work for them," he said, and Lydia was about to jokingly whine when she felt her lips be assaulted again, hungrily, but Severus. She allowed him to press her back to the pillows, and she kissed him, letting his fingers trace her skin, cool and somehow not unpleasant. A wicked thought entered her mind, and she rolled him over, straddling his body. She watched his black eyes as they glittered, and she kissed him again, waiting for his body to relax and focus on sensation before she reached for the charts and rolled off him, laughing as she retreated to their front room to look at the charts. "Damn," she heard him growl, and he came after her with a blanket, which he wrapped around her naked body. "That was low." "Well, you did say I had to earn them," she said cheekily, tracing her fingers along the lines between key constellations. "Sev, I need something to take measurement, and I need our notes." He kissed her neck and said he'd get them straight away. The notes were on the other side of the room in her bag, and he fished around in his desk – their desk – for several tools for measurement. "I rather thought I'd left behind Astronomy," he said bitterly, handing her the things she'd asked for before grabbing a quill and ink for her. "Apart from the phases of the moon. That's the only thing useful in my line of work." Lydia nodded, surprised when he sat beside her, wrapping his arms around her under the blanket, resting his chin on her shoulder as she worked. "My line requires me to have knowledge on a great many things, unfortunately," she said, frowning as she took down the measurements and compared the two charts. "I never did like Astronomy, though, but it's terribly important." "Feels a bit like Divination," he said, frowning. "A bit too much, for my liking." Lydia bit back a giggle at the memory of how Trelawney had been harassing him the night before. "In a way, I suppose," Lydia said, pausing as he kissed her neck to enjoy the sensation. "It's really got quite a bit of practical application, though. That's why we…." She trailed off, trying to hold her train of thought as he began to nibble on her skin. "That's why we…erm, study Astronomy in…in the first place." He hummed against her skin and she struggled between her desire to get work done and the building desire to give in to these sensations. They weren't terribly close to a deadline yet, but when she had her hands on resources and the time to explore them, she didn't like to wait around. "Why are you so set on distracting me?" she asked, her arms twitching as he bit down a bit harder on her neck. She bit her lip, glad she hadn't been trying to write something. Severus hesitated, and she wondered whether he really was trying to distract her from work, if perhaps he was trying to keep her from something, but the idea was so absurd. There was so little available to them so far from the event that she wouldn't make some kind of dangerous discovery about a Death Eater or something. Finally, Severus caressed her neck gently, something he'd been doing far too often lately for her comfort, and he said, "We have such limited time during the year where we are unrestrained. And I…." He exhaled what could have been termed a sigh against her neck. "While you are always beautiful, you rarely are so beautiful as when you are…unrestrained. And I find myself wishing to see that again." "See what again?" she asked, feeling her pulse rising in her throat as she looked down at her notes, trying to focus her eyes properly on the figures she was working with. She could feel him smirking against her skin as he said, "You, coming undone." Lydia felt the quill slip from her fingers. She supposed whatever mess was made could be cleaned up later. All of this, really, could be done later. This thought flitted across her consciousness as Severus began to nibble and suck on the skin of her neck again, and her hand went to his head with instinct so strong, she had no control over it. She sighed, gripping at his hair as she thought of the look in his eyes as she'd rolled him over that morning. Perhaps she should earn the use of these charts after all, she mused, before coherent thought left her altogether for several hours. A/N: So, Abney's dropping hints, SOMEONE (Albus?) is dropping mistletoe, and Lydia is resistant to her potion. Review Prompt: What do you think the result of her research project about Harry will be? -C
The students returned in the usual way. Lydia felt a kind of numb buzzing at their reentry to the castle. She wasn't disappointed at the students returning, and didn't feel any kind of positivity. It was just what it was, and she sat in her office, staring at the equations her students had worked through on their first day back. It was largely uninspired drudgery, none of them seeing what she saw. When she looked at those equations, she saw great potential, possible offshoots, opportunities to stretch her Arithmantic muscles by twisting them and turning them on their heads. Her students didn't. Lydia supposed this wasn't unusual. After all, if anyone could do what she did, she'd not have as much of a career as she'd had. Still, it had its discouraging days. A knock at the door filled her with a feeling of exhaustion that started at her shoulders, but she told the knocker to enter, and she was surprised to see Abney entering, a smile on his face. "I wouldn't say no to a spot of tea," he told her winking, and she just smiled back, getting up to put the kettle on. "What can I do for you?" she asked, glancing out her window. It was growing very late, and if she didn't head back soon Severus would be worried, perhaps enough to come looking for her. Abney, though, never came right out about things. He reminded her how he took his tea, asked if she had any biscuits in her office like Minerva always did, and Lydia had to tell him that she didn't, that she spent relatively little time in her office. He got that knowing twinkle in his eye and she wished she'd not said that bit, knowing he was thinking of her arrangement with Severus. "This is a lovely office," he said, watching her wait for her tea to cool. "I expect you have lovely quarters, as well, although I doubt they get much use these days." "Oh, honestly," she said, blushing, taking a sip of her tea for something to hide her embarrassment and feeling it scald her lips and tongue. She blushed all the deeper. "I don't mean to upset you, my dear," he said, still smiling that same, knowing smile. "Albus told me you're researching the circumstances around the Potter boy's excellence." "Something like that," she said with a slight frown. "I don't think I'd word it quite that way." "He didn't either. Don't fret yourself about that. I was wondering what kind of progress you've made." "Slow," she said, rubbing her temple and smiling bitterly. "Dreadfully slow progress, I'm afraid. Severus is helping, but even between us, there are many gaps that can't be filled." "He was a Death Eater," Abney said, not a question, not an outraged cry, but simply a statement of fact as thought Abney were saying that Severus was rather good at Potions. Just something to be said that happened to be true. "Yes," Lydia said slowly. "And you were part of Albus's little group, were you?" "No," Lydia said, feeling her neck flush as she turned to look out the window again. Definitely growing quite late. "I…I wasn't. Many of my school friends were." "Oh," Abney said, frowning. "Didn't want to fight?" "I don't have politics." She was surprised when Abney smiled sadly and said, "We all have politics, my dear. If you were to step back into the war today, I've no doubt you'd pick a side. Wouldn't you." Lydia hesitated. She supposed she would, supposed she would fight to end the Dark Lord faster, to keep Lily and James alive. "That's different," she said softly. "How so?" Abney pressed, raising his eyebrows in challenge, albeit a friendly one. "Well…I know more now," she said, rubbing the back of her neck as she thought of Sirius, of his betrayal. "Not like…picking the winning side, but I know things that were about me and my life that I hadn't known then. I'm…different, I guess." Except she didn't feel any different, any stronger, and wiser. She still felt like that scared girl most days, too afraid to love Sirius, too afraid to leave him, too afraid to press Remus for fear of losing him forever, too afraid to fight, too afraid to even press Sirius on doing the bloody dishes. And too afraid to run. "None of us are," he said solemnly. "I imagine Harry Potter, if he knows what we all know, would have days where he would take back the good he did for our world just to have his parents back for a day." "But he's a child," Lydia said, feeling slightly sick at the thought that the same trade had occurred to her. "Of course he wouldn't understand the magnitude of such a choice." "You would be astonished by what children can understand, Miss Rowe," Abney said softly. "It doesn't make him an evil little boy to want his parents back, just a lonely one. We all have momentary, or sometimes prolonged desires we know aren't what's best for us. It doesn't make us wicked. Only human, and usually it has to do with loneliness. Am I right in guessing that you were a lonely child?" Lydia just looked down at her tea as she thought of the horrible green light, or the way her father would use giving Lydia what she wanted as a way to lord it over Lydia's mother that he had abilities she would never have. "I think sometimes that muddies the waters," Abney said. "Sometimes for a very long time. You know, the most important people are the ones who stand by you even when you are at your ugliest, bitterest, most selfish self. The days where we seem the closest to being wicked, they're still right there. I think that's the only way to truly know who matters in this world." "I should be calling it a night," Lydia said, not thinking deeply on his words. They made her think of Lily, and that caused a burning in her eyes and throat that she couldn't ignore. Abney left her with words of well-wishing, and Lydia went to bed, where Severus was already waiting for her with her potion. For the first time in a long time, she took it without complaint. So much dredging of the past could only lead to nightmares, she presumed, and if Severus noticed that she was agitated, he said nothing. They simply went to bed, his arms around her, his lips pressed against her shoulder blade being the last sensation she was consciously aware of until morning. The next day, Lydia went about her life, trying not to think about her latest strange conversation with Abney. She was beginning to think he wasn't acting on Albus's behalf at all, but under some strange personal convictions quite separate from Albus. She wasn't sure whether to be flattered or annoyed that he seemed to have turned his well-meaning intentions on giving her a steady stream of life advice, but she tried to take it gracefully. She had the fourth year students that afternoon, and the seventh years in the very last slot of the day. Percy was in fine form that afternoon, and she tried not to let it show how annoyed she was at the way he was speaking to others. A girl from Hufflepuff gave an answer, which wasn't entirely correct, but wasn't in a completely wrong frame of mind, and Percy cut her to verbal ribbons. Lydia froze, watching the girl's face as Percy told her what a foolish answer it was, and although he wasn't truly being as openly awful, Lydia felt like she was looking at her own face after an encounter with Organza Oldington. The girl's face went pink, and her eyes seemed to be swimming with unshed tears as she looked down at her pencil. Lydia wondered if this had happened in other courses, or with other people. She wondered if Percy always treated people this way, or if he didn't think about it when speaking his mind. She'd never managed to put off Organza, but she could do something for this girl, now, she decided. "Mr. Weasley," she said sternly, in a voice she never used, and thus got the attention of the whole class instantly. "Five points from Gryffindor." Percy turned slightly purple, like he'd choked on his own tongue, and she realized he'd probably never lost points before. "We don't speak to people in that way in this classroom," she said, continuing in her same tone as several eyes widened. "I think I ought to make that perfectly clear before you get any older. Next year will be a high-stress year for all of you, and irritation will be a fact of life. Regardless, I expect every single one of you to be respectful to each other, or more points will be lost. Is that perfectly clear, class?" "Yes, Professor Rowe," the chorused, astonished, looking at her as though they'd never seen her before. But the girl did not lift her eyes for the rest of class, and Lydia wondered, sorrowed, if she'd done too little too late. Her seventh year students were wonderful, as always, and Nymphadora Tonks took every opportunity to make the room laugh, which was a miraculous thing in NEWT year. So many of them already looked about to drop from stress and exhaustion, and the small lifting of their faces as they laughed at the girl's jokes seemed to be the only thing keeping them from collapsing on the stop in Lydia's classroom. Charlie Weasley lingered at the end of class and said, smiling weakly, "I hear you took points from my brother." "I hate taking points," she said, forgetting for a moment that she was talking to a student. Sometimes speaking with Charlie was like that. "I'm sure he deserved it," Charlie said, grinning. "Oh, don't get me wrong, Percy's a good kid he just…needs to be reminded of his worth from time to time. Very inflated sense of self." Lydia hummed, recalling Organza's awful, smug face with perfect clarity. She wondered what Organza had thought at the end of the war, knowing how many of them had died, what Sirius had done, if she'd been pleased with herself for running away to France or wherever and marrying "well." Whatever that meant. She had a brief chat with Charlie about his project before she packed up her things and made her way down to the village. She'd promised Remus by letter that she'd meet him for tea, and so they had arranged a date. This was the only time for ages that worked in with his new work schedule – she didn't ask what, not anymore – so, she said she'd make it work. He wasn't there right away, but she didn't fret about it, ordering hot tea for the pair of them, and trying not to give Rosmerta too much of an annoyed look when she threw in biscuits free of charge. The woman meddled, but it wasn't the way Albus meddled, so Lydia supposed she could manage it, for the moment. He arrived about four minutes late, certainly not late enough to mention past light teasing, but Remus was so apologetic before she even said a word that teasing never crossed Lydia's mind. She smiled at him, squeezing his hand gently as he sat down across from her. "You look well," he said, although she couldn't help seeing the dark circles under his eyes. "I take it you're managing some sleep." "Better, yes," she said, frowning as she thought of what Remus might think if he knew she needed a sleeping potion. Perhaps he wouldn't judge her, but she felt he probably would. She couldn't say why, but she didn't feel she could tell him. "And the current Defense Against the Dark Arts professor hasn't tried to kill or maim or sacrifice anyone?" "Not yet," she said with a wry smile. "At least, not so far as I know. No, Abney's a good sort of person. A bit odd, but very kind." Remus's lips twitched and he said, "Well, that's good. It's a bit exhausting, you know, always worrying about you." Lydia had a flash of Sirius pulling the shards of a broken teacup out of the sink with a look of frustration and hurt on his face. She shivered. "Cold?" Remus asked, but she shook her head, lifting her tea to her face to feel the steam tickle her nose. Sirius was probably never worried about her, only worried she'd somehow ruin everything he was planning. Lydia told Remus bits and bobs about her research, her classes, working with Abney, and she frowned slightly, looking down at her mostly-finished tea while Remus selected another biscuit. "What's wrong?" he asked. "I don't know," she sighed, smiling weakly. "It's just…I had to take points off a student today. I mean, I didn't have to. I chose to. But I…. I always hate doing that." "Well, what was the student doing?" She explained the situation, repeated Percy Weasley's words, and she saw Remus frown slightly, looking down at the biscuits as if to avoid meeting her gaze. "Looking at that girl," Lydia said softly, "I could almost feel my throat closing like…like…." "Organza," Remus said softly, still not meeting her gaze. "We all hated her." Lydia winced and said, "That's…that's very…." "No," he said, looking up at her intently. "We all hated her, completely and absolutely, Lydia. Even Sirius. He and Artemis used to sit around when we were party planning, thinking of ways to make Organza miserable. He told me once he…he wished she'd die in the war, that it was the least she deserved." Lydia wished she would feel disgusted by that sentiment, but she couldn't help agreeing. Of all of them – apart from Sirius, as it happened – Organza was the one who most deserved to die, and she avoided the whole mess altogether. It really wasn't fair or right, and Lydia found herself both repulsed by and attracted to the idea. "I always wanted to put her in her place," Remus said sadly. "Never had the courage. Not…. Oh, I don't know. I thought about my badge, thought about you, thought about what my parents would think about my attacking a girl. And then I would feel ashamed for even thinking it." That was one thing to be said about chivalry, Lydia supposed. Severus's lack of care about it had allowed him to do what Remus had not, all those years ago – make Organza suffer. Of course, he might have killed her in the attempt, and Lydia wondered what the Marauders would have made of that. She supposed they would have called it a Death Eater training attack, like what happened to Mary, and Organza would have become some kind of martyr. Someday, probably, they would have forgotten why she deserved it. She felt mildly nauseous. Lydia shifted the direction of the conversation to the weather, not feeling even remotely ashamed at the pathetic shift, and Remus didn't seem embarrassed by it. Things were easy as they talked about plants, snow, a snowball fight they once had as children, the snowball fights her students still had on the grounds and in the courtyards, when they thought no one would notice. They talked with relish about how Filch still hated them with all his soul, and Lydia admitted that sometimes she helped students who'd made especially big messes get away before the caretaker caught them. "He never suspects me," she said happily. "He adores Sev, you know, and to question me would definitely anger Sev, which is the last thing he wants." Remus's lips twitched, and she knew he was thinking about something from school, but by the way his eyebrows turned toward a slight frown, she had a feeling it had to do with Sirius, and she was glad he kept it to himself. There were some things she didn't want to pry open. "If there's any way I can help with your research," he said, smiling, "be sure to let me know. Although, with Albus and Snape helping, I sincerely doubt there's much I can offer." Lydia thought this was probably true, in spite of Albus's evasiveness, but she thanked Remus for the offer and finished her tea. She would have liked to stay longer, but she could recognize that they were running out of friendly, comfortable things to talk about without encroaching on sacred or forbidden space, saying things that were best left in silence. Remus seemed to recognize this, too, and he quickly ate the last biscuit as she drained her cup, and they walked out together, into the overcast snowy, all-one-color world Scotland became in winter. "This was lovely," she said pulling her scarf more closely about her neck and face. "I suppose we'll have to do this again sometime." "You suppose?" he teased. Lydia smiled to herself and nodded her acknowledgement of his teasing. She knew she was trying to shield herself from further disappointment, as though any such shield would last long. Either Remus didn't recognize this or he didn't want to see, so she let him have his little joke as he walked her toward the edge of the village, no sound between them but the crunching of the snow beneath their feet. He didn't walk her all the way to the gates, because he checked his watch and realized he really had to be getting on, but he leaned in to kiss her cheek when he said goodbye. His breath and stubble warmed her skin where his lips touched her face, and she felt the rest of her face warm by proxy as he disappeared in front of her. Lydia wondered as she watched the spot where he had vanished, if he understood how frustrating and complicated he made things when he did something like that without thinking, but she took a deep breath, told herself he didn't mean anything by it – as Severus had told her for years – and she walked the rest of the way to the castle struggling to keep her emotions in check. It wouldn't do, she told herself, to lose control of herself with everything else going on in her life. A/N: So, Abney is pestering Lydia with more words of wisdom she doesn't fully understand or appreciate, students are a complication, and Remus is always a complication because he's Remus but today he was better than usual? Review Prompt: How would you deal with Percy Weasley being in your class? I try to imagine how I'd deal with that kind of student all the time (I've got one like Sirius… he's a fifth grader and he always winks at me when I give him the "not funny" look). He's a bit of a puzzle, because he's really a good student, harder worker, just a bit of a…ponce. -C
Valentine's Day, as Lydia was reminded each year, meant confetti and chocolates and absurd little cards to the student population of Hogwarts. Each student wished for a sweetheart, it seemed, and many of them were happy to oblige. She probably should have predicted that Abney would be a great lover of Valentine's Day, as he seemed a great lover of holidays in general, and he told Lydia that it was important for young lovers to take time out to recognize the importance of their love. "I suppose," she said, rubbing her eyes. "Valentine's Day is so often a very stressful one, however." "True," Abney said solemnly. "I imagine the students do make it a very difficult day in your year." She hadn't even been thinking of that, but she supposed it was true, and said so. In truth, she was thinking about the stressful time she'd spent feeling as though she was the rope in a tug-of-war almost every year, between Remus and Sirius, and now sometimes Remus and Severus. It was exhausting. "When I was in school," she said, smiling to herself, "there was this boy who sent the girl he liked the most elaborate cards." Severus stiffened beside her at the recognition of what she was talking about, but Abney brightened at the prospect of a story. "It started when we were young with a whole stack of smaller cards," she said, watching the students open their cards with relish. "The stack grew. In fourth year it was a massive card and a proposal of marriage." Minerva snorted appreciatively, recalling the moment in question, where Lily smacked James across the face and earned her very first detention. "He must've proposed a hundred times between fourteen and eighteen." "They married?" Abney asked brightly. Lydia nodded, and she knew Abney was about to say how romantic it was, so she ignored his babbling for a moment, setting down her fork and staring at her beans. "A shining example of love," Abney said, winking at her. "They died," she said softly, and his eyes changed quickly. "In the war. They…." She closed her eyes. "They were my best friends. And the only reason I ever knew…." She couldn't choke out the words. Lydia wiped her mouth, excused herself, and ignored Severus's concerned gaze as she left the Hall. Students wouldn't see her with all the festivities. She slipped into an unused classroom on the first floor, a place the Marauders and Artemis had held a few parties, in early days. She felt slightly suffocated as the words she didn't have the strength to say ached to come out of her – that Lily and James were the only reason she ever knew love was real. James's stubborn devotion to Lily, Lily's eventual warmth toward James, once they'd both matured a bit. Lydia pressed her head to the edge of the chalkboard, cool against her skin. Love wasn't spiked punch and hormones. It was whatever had held James and Lily together in their strange way, all those years. Lydia couldn't pinpoint it, couldn't voice it or quantify it, but she knew it somewhere in the base of her chest. The door opened and she started, surprised to see Albus standing there. He always presided over breakfast, and she felt guilty that she had taken him from that role, even if she'd not asked him to follow her. "Severus has gone to your quarters claiming he is allergic to confetti," Albus said with a small smile. "I don't recall, my dear, did you ever receive a Valentine in school?" "Couple of times," Lydia said, closing her eyes. During the tug-of-war, she mused, feeling her whole torso ache at the memory of how Sirius would look at her back in school. Was he the monster he was now back then? Was it all a game? He'd always been such a very good liar; it was hard to say. "A wonderful gesture," Albus said softly, "of love and admiration, wouldn't you say?" "I really wouldn't know," she said softly, turning away from him, running her fingers along the wood desk, looking for places she could dig in her nail to test for rot she knew wasn't there. She found a few spots where the finish had begun to peel away, but nothing worse than that. "Your mother loved you." "My mother was a coward," Lydia said, feeling the vitriol bubbling inside her chest as the words spilled out. "And my father was a bully." "Remus loves you." "No," she said with a weak smile. "He's too afraid." "He loves you," Albus said firmly. "Whether he allows himself to act on that, well, that's quite different, but the love is there. And for what it's worth, I do believe that Sirius loved you." "Maybe," she said, curling her fingers around the edge of the desk, not meeting Albus's gaze. "But not enough, if he did." Albus moved closer, but she continued to focus her gaze on his beard as he said gently, "There are many possible reasons for what he did, and I don't fully believe the Ministry version myself, of a hardened liar who cared for no one and worked for Voldemort all along. I never had a chance to interview him personally." "Oh, that would have changed everything," she said bitterly. "Because no one has ever lied successfully to you." She rubbed her temples. "Those boys did it all the bloody time! They got away with everything, and he…." She breathed in deeply through her nostrils, steadying herself as she looked up at Albus at last, seeing the pity in his eyes and hating it. "I'm sorry, Albus," she said softly. "I shouldn't have spoken to you that way." "Quite alright, my dear," he said. "I will cover your classes today, if you don't feel up to it. You have plenty of other work to do, I am sure." Lydia weighed her options. The students would no doubt be insufferable, but to study the death of Lily and James, that night, without Severus around to remind her it was all in the past…. "I'd better teach, thank you," she said, rubbing her face, feeling discretely for any runaway tears that might have leaked out without her notice. The day dragged onward like a metal claw through her skin, and by the end of it all Lydia wanted to do was curl up in a ball and never come out of it again. One of her students had been sketching one of his classmates instead of doing her notes, and she had frozen, staring at him. For the tiniest moment she'd seen a teenaged Sirius Black sitting in that chair, and the student must have thought she was furious with him, because when she blinked and saw his true face again, he looked utterly ashamed of himself, his face steeling like he was preparing for a verbal blow. She quietly told him he was supposed to be taking notes, and would he please pay attention. She'd trembled the rest of the day, and it wouldn't stop when she curled up on the sofa in Severus's quarters, attempting to calm herself before he came back from his own classes. He arrived before she could truly calm herself, however, and he sat at her feet, rubbing his cold hands on her stockinged feet gently. "You are unwell," he said, not as a question. As though he were informing her that she felt poorly and thus should behave in some certain way. "I suppose," she muttered, frowning at the far wall. He surprised her by standing again, lifting her up in his arms as though she weighed nothing, and carried her to their bed, where he covered her in blankets and promised to return shortly with tea. Lydia thought about protesting that she wasn't that ill, but she didn't feel like it. Tea sounded lovely, anyway. Severus returned with a cup of tea, carefully cooled, and a bar of Honeydukes Best. "Did you confiscate this from a student?" she teased, sitting up to accept her tea. "The tea?" he said, smirking. "No, the thought had crossed my mind, but I picked it up while I was at the post office. A long day?" She hummed, thinking of that boy, drawing his neighbor without her knowledge, and she felt slightly nauseous at the memory of seeing Sirius's sketches of her. "So many ghosts in these walls," she said, frowning as she lifted the teacup to her lips. "And not just the ones we see. Some days I wonder if it's really doing me any good, being here." Severus climbed into bed beside her, wrapping an arm around her waist. "It does good for me," he said, kissing her shoulder. "Every professor here has ghosts in these halls, Lydia. Ours are worse than most, granted. But you being here makes it…." He trailed off, and she kept expecting him to say something more, but instead he kissed up from her shoulder to her neck. Lydia relaxed against him, enjoying the scent of the tea and the feel of his body supporting her. "A couple of dunderheaded seventh years tried to pilfer the ingredients for a love potion," Severus drawled against her shoulder. Lydia tried not to laugh as she thought of how Severus would deal with such a concern. Likely girls, she supposed. She couldn't imagine how frightened they were to be caught. Not without laughing. "And the intended target?" she asked, knowing he'd scanned the surfaces of their minds to be safe. "Mr. Weasley," he said against her skin. "Charlie?" she said, astonished. He hummed. She couldn't imagine how frightening that would be, to have something like that slipped to you, or to perhaps know someone wanted to. "He has been warned and the girls punished," Severus said before kissing up from her shoulder again. "You weren't at lunch." "I wasn't hungry." "That's a lie." "Yes." He didn't press her for a further excuse, just pressed a few more kisses into her skin as she began to sip her tea. He began to say that they ought to head to dinner or they would be obvious, coming in so late, when a tray suddenly materialized with a small pop at the foot of the bed. "That man," Severus sighed, shifting to retrieve the food, which was neatly arranged at the foot. "What man?" Lydia asked, wondering if he meant Abney or Albus. "Albus, of course," he said, adjusting the tray over their laps when she straightened her legs. "I will never understand him." Lydia wondered if she ever would, either. First he pushes her together with Severus, then Remus, then Severus, then Remus again. He makes a point of telling her Remus loves her, then tries to convince her that Sirius loved her, as though that made any of it alright, or even better. And now he was sending them dinner, as though the conversation never happened. They ignored any bizarre and difficult to decipher implications that might be behind the meal as they ate, talked about their days, and discussed what their plans were for February 15th, given that she had a whole morning off to get work done. Lydia admitted she didn't much like working on their research project while she was alone, and that she planned to get some marking done instead. Severus said he saw no issue with this, and that they would have plenty of time to work once he was done for the day. "Abney wishes to have tea with us sometime," Severus grumbled when the food was gone and they were curled up, waiting for a reasonable time for her to take her potion. "I suspect he'd feel privileged, somehow." Lydia did laugh at that, but she supposed there was no harm in it. Despite his almost regular jokes, he did seem to have a sense of discretion about him, and he hadn't made their lives difficult. She said they ought to make plans, and Severus told her it was time to take her potion, and Lydia reluctantly surrendered to sleep. When morning came, Lydia was alone, and there was no note to tell her that Severus hadn't wanted to wake her, but she knew his intention was that, nonetheless. She rubbed her eyes and checked the clock, seeing she'd slept through breakfast, and she laid back against not her pillow, but Severus's, breathing in the smell of his ingredients. She rubbed absently at her throat before climbing out of bed, pulling a blanket around her body as she went out to make a cup of tea. There was a large stack of essays to mark, but Lydia could mark them in her sleep. Third and fourth year essays required very little of her attention when she worked through them, and so few students at that age had developed any sophistication of writing that would coax her attention to become more pointed. The elder two Weasley brothers had both developed such style by that age, but Percy's work was mainly regurgitation of facts and derivative expression of academic prowess that he hadn't learned how to properly wield. She poured her tea and sat down to do her marking, readying her quill. The third essay down was that of the boy who had been sketching in class, the boy who had so startled her as she'd been lecturing, and she realized he'd attached an extra sheet of parchment. She flipped to it before reading his work, expecting an apology or explanation of his actions that she could read and brush off as nothing when she saw him next, moving forward as though the whole business had never happened. When she looked at the page, her hands began to shake. He'd written a two-word apology at the top, but the rest of the sheet was a drawing of her, lecturing, that was most certainly something he'd drawn on a different day, for some other reason. What astonished her most was how much like the sketches of Sirius it looked. It seemed as though the lines of the sketch smoothed away the years from her face, as though almost a decade of her sufferings had never happened, she'd never lost anyone beyond her worthless parents, she'd never been alone apart from summers off Hogwarts as a child. That anyone could see this person in her seemed impossible to Lydia, who stood abruptly, setting down the sketch, looking at it from different angles. There were some differences between the composition of this piece and Sirius's work, although small differences. And she really thought the boy had a better grip on the shape of her chin than Sirius's drawings ever did. What had happened to those drawings, she wondered, trying to think back. She supposed she destroyed them, or just left them in his place when she moved into her flat. She certainly didn't have them anymore, although for the tiniest moment she wished she did. Did he think of her in prison, she asked herself. Did he agonize over the shape of her jaw the way he had at seventeen, just for something to pass the time? How did one pass the time in Azkaban? She shivered, feeling slightly sick to her stomach as she wondered if people wrote to the inmates, if such things would be delivered to them. Did they ever write to their loved ones? No, she told herself. She wouldn't think about things like this. If Sirius loved her, he couldn't write, and if he could write he didn't love her, and that was all there was to it. It hardly mattered, now, anymore. Lydia rubbed her hands together and put the kettle on again before she realized she'd not finished her first cup of tea. She turned her back to the essays as she finished drinking it, waiting for the kettle to be ready for a second cup. A knock at the door caused her to take another deep breath, knowing it must be Albus. "Come in," she said, frowning as he entered. His eyes went directly to the sketch she'd left out on the table and he leaned over it, smiling. "A very good likeness," he said, looking up at her thoughtfully. "Very good indeed." "A likeness of something," she said, frowning, pouring her tea and gesturing to the kettle to offer him some. He shook his head. "But not a likeness of me, certainly. "Oh, I wouldn't say that, my dear," he said, frowning slightly. "I think you'll find it's difficult to see ourselves objectively. Students aren't always the best at seeing us objectively, either, but this one has. Although," he said, frowning as he looked at the name. "Although what?" she asked, puzzled. "Never mind," he said brightly. He'd come to ask about arrangements for the upcoming Easter break, and to see if she and Severus would be willing to take on some extra patrols, as he knew they would be staying. Lydia agreed. When Severus came back late that afternoon, she was still thinking of the picture. She gave him a brief synopsis of her conversation with Albus, and she asked if he knew what the "although" had meant. "Which student?" he asked, and she told him. She was surprised when his eyes flashed, and he turned quickly to the kettle. "Severus?" she asked, stepping forward. "Severus, what is it?" "Nothing," he said, a little too quickly. "That's a lie," she said, and he nodded. He finally turned around and said, "Some of the students, Lydia…fantasize. Particularly during boring parts of brewing, such as long simple stirring sessions. This particular student is one whose fantasies…." He frowned and turned away again, and she realized why they were both so reluctant to tell her what they were thinking. Because they'd both skimmed the student's mind, and they'd both seen his childish, probably very immature fantasies – about her. "Excuse me while I vomit," she said, pushing past to the bathroom. She heard Severus hum as she passed, but otherwise she was thinking of Sirius again, and she just wanted to forget he ever existed. A/N: So, students have crushes, Albus is messing with her head, and Severus makes a trip to Hogsmeade. Happy Valentine's Day? Review Prompt: What d'you think Sirius is doing to pass his time? -C
A gentle rain was teasing the Scottish countryside, including the grounds of Hogwarts. Lydia sat by the window of her office as Severus reviewed the notes she'd made, trying to find errors or inconsistencies in her work. She wasn't used to him taking such a keen interest in her notes and drafts, but Severus was keen to be certain about everything this time. Perhaps because they had agreed that he would receive a credit as a writer on the published work. She knew her publisher would hate it, but she didn't care. Severus's work and insights had been invaluable this time around. "There are a few small things," he said, beckoning her over to look. He was sitting in her chair, and Lydia leaned over him to look where he was pointing. She tucked a bit of hair behind her ear and nodded as she saw a few copying errors, which always happened with work of this size. She marked them for later attention. Severus surprised her by pulling her onto his lap as he turned the page to show her another one, and she let out a small sound of surprise, somewhere between a gasp and a squeak. She laughed nervously and said, "Sev, anyone could walk in." "I can't seem to care," he murmured before pressing a kiss to the back of her neck, and she laughed, trying to ignore his hands at her waist and on her thigh. She felt guilty because she'd fallen asleep the night before when he was clearly worked up, but she'd been too exhausted to keep her eyes open. He'd said it was nothing, that she clearly needed her sleep, but she couldn't help thinking it had to have been a blow to his pride and an annoyance in the state he was in. She made some more marks, seeing where he meant as he guided her through them verbally. His hands were agonizingly occupied. "Don't forget we're supposed to go to the match in about an hour," she said sternly. "My students would be bitterly disappointed if I'm not there." "They'd understand." "They'd understand what?" she teased. "Sorry, I couldn't make it, I had to make Professor Snape speechless. Somehow I don't think that would work." He hummed, kissing the back of her neck again, trailing the kiss down to her shoulder, lingering at the neckline of her blouse. She sighed when he nipped playfully as she turned the page. She had a feeling he was chewing on some comment about how he wasn't very verbose to being with. Lydia and Severus carefully picked through the pages, her hands doing the work as his caressed her through her clothing, his words guiding her between kisses to her neck. By the time she closed her notes, she felt dizzy, and she wondered whether this was some kind of revenge for the night before. He would get her all worked up, but she would be unsatisfied when they went to the Quidditch. Or perhaps he was going to pull her into bed instead of letting her go to the Quidditch, hoping she'd be too eager to notice. She turned and kissed him, forgetting for a moment that they were in her office and that anyone could walk in. She let him respond eagerly and she melted into the rhythm of his kisses. It was nice to feel his cool lips on her lips, to feel his hand tracing up her thigh. She found it remarkable that he was always so interested in her, even after all these years. Lydia pulled away slightly, frowning, wondering if he really even could be. After all, perhaps it was a matter of convenience. She wasn't young anymore, and while she didn't think she'd ever really been beautiful, at least she'd had youth, once. In a manner of speaking. "What's wrong?" he asked, touching his fingers to her chin, trying to coax her to look at him, but Lydia shook her head, embarrassed to say what she was thinking. "Lydia," he pressed, kissing her cheek. "What is it? You're upset. Did I do something wrong?" "No," she whispered, but the nasty voice in her head wouldn't stop. After all, of course he was still in love with Lily. Lily had been young and beautiful when she died, and she would always be that in their memories. She would never, ever have been able to compete with that, and less so now. He quickly tucked his fingers under her chin and she felt him grazing through her thoughts almost as soon as their eyes met. It was like being plunged into cold water and she heard herself gasp, distantly. It was over almost as soon as it began, and the only word that seemed to suit Severus's face when she looked properly at him was stunned. They stared at each other for a long moment before he said, "I cannot believe you would…." He seemed to fight back some kind of shadow before he continued, "You should go to the match." "You're…you're not coming too?" she asked, feeling nervous. "No," he said, abruptly. "No I have…. We…. You should go. We'll talk after I expect." She stood, and almost as soon as she was off his lap he stood, scooping up their work and stalking out of the room. Lydia sank into her chair. It was still warm from his body, and she found she couldn't lift herself again, although she knew she'd regret not going if she didn't get up now. A knock at the door caused her to sit up abruptly, and she hoped it was Severus. She wasn't sure what she'd say to him, but she knew she had to say something. Her voice was asking the knocker to enter without her being fully aware of saying the word, and she deflated slightly when it was Abney. She rested her head on the back of the chair and greeted him, gesturing to the kettle to let him know he could make himself some tea. "Weren't you going to the match?" he asked her, good-natured. "Yes," she sighed. "But I just don't feel…. I don't know that I'll…. I should though, shouldn't I? My students." "Here," he said, moving behind her and opening the window. She could hear the beginnings of the commentary and some roar of the crowd. She smiled at Abney, who put the kettle on before sitting across from her. "Severus looked a bit sour. I mean, you know, more sour than usual. Passed him on my way in. Something wrong with the research?" Lydia wished it were something that simple. A problem with the research was something she could fix, but how did she fix this? "No," she said, rubbing the back of her neck as he poured tea for both of them and the names of the players were read off. "He's…. It's my fault, really, I suppose. Nothing to do with the research." She rubbed her eyes. "You're male." "Well spotted," he said brightly, winking at her. She snorted and smiled at him. "I guess I don't understand…what he wants." For the first time, she saw an expression on Abney's face that wasn't positive and assured. He seemed to not understand what she meant, and this seemed to bother him as he tried to pick apart her words. Finally, he said, "What he wants. Well, now, every man is different in the details, just as women, I suppose. I think the basics are the same for every human, though. We all want to be cared for, to be respected, to be comforted and desired." "Yes," Lydia said, frowning. She recognized all these things, but that wasn't the point. "That's not…quite what I mean." "You mean what he wants from you." "Sort of." Abney frowned again, stirring his tea. He said softly, "That's the sort of thing I can only answer with a guess. I flatter myself in being a perceptive man, but Severus would be a puzzle to the most perceptive of men – excepting, perhaps, Albus – and you certainly know him and his mind far better than I do. But I suppose he wants…you." Lydia frowned as she heard the cheers of the crowd and she supposed there was a goal, but the cheers covered the commentary on who scored. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and felt the steam tickle her fingers. She wanted to believe that, although she knew he probably wondered the same things about her. She knew he would be cross when her mind wandered to the past or others when they were kissing. But she was at a disadvantage – did he think of others when he kissed her? He'd certainly done it before. "Maybe," she finally said, giving Abney a weak smile. "No," Abney said firmly. "Forgive me, I may not know the man well, but there is no maybe about it. He wants you. Albus tells me there is someone else vying for your attentions – in a manner of speaking – and I've not met the fellow, but I can't fathom it could be a better match for you, or that he could be so…. Well, besotted isn't a word that really suits Severus, does it?" Lydia closed her eyes, thinking of Remus. She didn't doubt that Remus believed she was still young and beautiful. He'd become old before his time. His whole life was so far out of his grasp that she would have been more surprised to learn that he looked at her with any sense of reality rather than with rose-tinted spectacles. "My mother was a beautiful woman," she said softly, tracing her fingers on the little handle of the teacup. "And my father…was always handsome, whatever else he was. My best friend came from two of the plainest looking people you'd ever see in your life, but she was gorgeous and I came from two attractive people. I mean, nothing exotic, but attractive, and I…I'm just sort of plain." "Hardly," he said, smiling. "I don't need to be coddled," she said sharply. Abney shook his head as another goal must have happened and he said, "I do not coddle, my dear. Ask my students. No, you are lovely, and I expect you have always been lovely. For whatever reason you do not see that, but I assure you that I do, and Severus does, and this other fellow certainly does. Many of your students see it. Not probably the same kind of beauty as the friend you mentioned, but there are many kinds of beauty in this word." "Even if I were ever beautiful," she said doubtfully, "I'm old before my time. The…the war took its toll, I suppose." "I would never have guessed," Abney said, obviously amused. "You seem perfectly lovely for your age. And I'm not just saying that because I'm old. Were I a young man, I would have said the same." Lydia felt flattered, but Abney was kind, whatever he said. He handed her a letter that had come while she'd been out at breakfast, and she realized it was from Remus. She thanked him as he left and read the letter. A simple thing, asking when she wanted to meet up again, a list of his days off in April, and she felt weary, wondering if Abney knew the letter had been from the "other admirer," as he'd more or less referred to Remus. She tucked the letter in a drawer and promised herself she'd answer it tomorrow, but right now she had to deal with Severus. A very loud explosion from the crowd told her that the Snitch was caught, and with a favorable result to the standings – which meant Slytherin would be largely displeased and she would have to respect that while Charlie would be happy Monday, it was just as well she hadn't sat through it with Severus. But still, she didn't want to see him like this. Not knowing he would still be cross, if that was the right word. When she went to their quarters, he was sitting on the sofa, frowning at the kettle as though it had offended him, and for a half of a moment she thought about ducking out again and coming back when he'd had more time to calm down, but she knew by the twitch of his head that he'd heard her open the door, and there was no backing out now. She sighed, entering, asking if he wanted any tea. "No," he said, turning his eyes to her. "Do you…. Are you unsatisfied with me?" Lydia blinked at him, caught totally off-guard. "What?" she said, shaking her head. "No, Severus, I…. Why would you think that?" "It is the only explanation that makes sense to me," he said, not meeting her eyes, "that you would persist in this…this…. At first I thought it was simply natural insecurities. Women have them, I have heard. Some have more than others. But this persistent…. This is beyond insecurity, Lydia. To question my motives for my desire…. The only thing I can suppose is that you are unsatisfied with me and are searching for reasons…searching for…." He exhaled sharply and turned his head away from her, and Lydia felt her vision stinging. She couldn't allow him to believe…. She sat beside him, touching her chin to his shoulder, and he moved away from her touch. Lydia recoiled, horrified, feeling slightly sick. What had she done? "Am I…" She choked, unable to think of the words. "Maybe I should…. I'm not. What you're thinking, it's not true." "And what you are thinking is also not true," he said softly. "You are beautiful. Whatever aging you have done, it suits you. I would not want you to remain a young woman forever." He hesitated. "In spite of what you think, Lydia, I always thought you were more attractive than Lily, even when we were children." She shook her head, not believing it. That couldn't be true. He had to be flattering her to keep her from being upset. Why would he have fallen in love with Lily if he thought she was the prettier one? "She was whole when we were broken," he said, looking at the doorframe. "She was from…something I wanted. She seemed to have no cares, no troubles." "Petunia," Lydia said, frowning. "She had her issues with Petunia." "Inconsequential compared with our struggles," he said, waving away her words with one gesture of his pale hand. "She was kind. You were kind, but it was different. She was…warm. Gentle. And still so strong. We weren't strong, Lydia. You were beautiful and frail, and she was beautiful and steely, and I admired you, but I loved her. And envied her. And…. I don't know. I never thought about the reasons when we were young. I just knew how I felt. It was simple then, but I should have known it wouldn't stay that way." A chill went through Lydia as she remembered how confused he'd been when his Slytherin friends began pulling apart his friendship with Lily. They didn't mind Lydia, half-blood though she was, but Lily was a problem. She was an intelligent, talented, strong Muggle-born witch, and that made her unspeakably dangerous. Lydia was harmless. "The way you feel about Lily," he said softly, "has it changed since she died?" "No," she said, realizing as she said the word just how true it was. She still felt Lily was her best friend, even though it had been almost a decade since losing her. Some days she still wanted to tell her about something before she remembered she couldn't. He finally met her gaze, his black eyes almost anguished as he said, "How can you expect, then, that my feelings change? My feelings about Lily cannot impact us." "Can't they?" she said, frowning. "Memories, Sev, can be just as powerful as flesh and blood. Oh, don't get angry with me, please. I'm not saying…. I don't know what I'm saying, but I'm sorry. Do you…do you want me to go?" His head jerked back and he said very quickly that he didn't want her to leave, just as he always did when it came up. He practically leapt off the sofa, crossing to her, pressing his forehead to hers. "Nothing would be solved if you left," he whispered, tracing his fingers gently up her throat, cool and steady. "And what would you…what…. How would I know you're taking your potion?" "I'd be okay," she said, secretly thinking she'd probably not take it. "And if something happened to you," he said, tracing her throat. She realized he was thinking that perhaps whatever happened to her before might happen again, and if she was alone in her own quarters, he wouldn't be there to wake. She shivered, trying to think of some way to assuage him. But the truth was, she didn't want to leave. She felt safe, cared for, and somehow right with Severus, and she was afraid of being alone again. She'd spent more years alone than she liked to think about – even when she was living with Sirius, she'd spent much of it feeling as alone as she had in her childhood home. She never felt alone with Severus. "I won't go," she said softly, not missing the very small escape of breath from his lips, a sigh, she supposed. "I'm…I'm sorry I upset you, Sev. It's just I…." "I know," he said, wrapping an arm around her and lifting his head to kiss her forehead. "You've never seen it. I don't know why I would expect you to start now." She closed her eyes, recalling what Remus once said about how he supposed she'd never see herself the way he and Sirius saw her, the way Severus and Abney and apparently some of her students saw her. She supposed she never would, never could. She was already wondering about the wrinkle across her forehead, and thinking how were Lily alive today, she'd have no such wrinkle. Severus was right. Even with Lily gone, she filled that same spot in their lives that she always had, better or worse. How could she fault him when she did it, too? A/N: So, firstly, let me apologize for what I'm sure are copious errors in my work. These weekday updates are me churning out a chapter, usually start-finish, in the three or four hours between waking and going to work, while I'm grading and amending lesson plans and such. So…cheers? Review Prompt: Should they take time apart? Would it do them good, or is Severus right in thinking the risks really aren't worth it? -C
Lydia frowned at Severus who hadn't stopped sneezing for longer than ten minutes at a time for about a day. He was taking his medicine and Lydia had been waiting on him hand and foot, but she had a lunch with Remus and she didn't really want to leave Severus alone that long. "I could still cancel," she said. "He'd understand." She supposed Remus probably would, since Remus was almost painfully understanding. Too understanding, she thought with a frown as she thought of he was too understanding of her…whatever it was with Sirius. "Don't be absurd," Severus managed to say without using his nose very much. "It really wouldn't be a problem." "Just go," he said, "honestly. Go. I'll still be like this when you get back." Lydia hesitated for only a moment longer before she decided that he meant it and she put on her cloak, making her way out of the castle and down to Hogsmeade. For the first time in a very long time they were meeting in the Hog's Head. She sat in the table in the back, nodding to Aberforth, who nodded back his acknowledgement of her presence. They didn't know each other well, but every time Lydia had come to the Hog's Head, Aberforth had been especially kind and thoughtful toward her. Remus entered only about a minute later. She smiled at him, but she had to hold the smile in spite of herself, because he looked terrible. He clearly had a full moon coming up soon, maybe a week at most. He greeted her, asked what she wanted, and she realized this was why he wanted to meet here instead of the Three Broomsticks. He didn't want anyone but her and Aberforth to see him like this. He brought the drinks, and she realized he had two firewhiskeys for himself. She swallowed, smiling to herself to stop from frowning at him. Finally, he broke the silence after glancing at some of the people in the back corner. "You look well," he said, his voice especially hoarse. "You…you look beautiful." Lydia felt a strange warmth in her abdomen and she thanked him, looking down at his hands. She couldn't tell him he looked poorly. She was surprised when he brushed his hand on hers, before frowning. Lydia tried to regulate her breath, and she watched the other blokes on the other side of the pub leaving, and she couldn't manage to think of what she wanted, but she knew she wanted something. She thought of Severus, sneezing, and her insides squirmed, and then she saw Aberforth go to the back room. She felt her whole world slow, and Lydia felt Remus lift her hand to his lips. She looked at him and saw the hunger in his eyes and it was startling, confusing. She felt sixteen again, standing in the common room on her birthday, desperate for him to look at her. And she thought of Severus sneezing again, and she thought of Sirius, probably suffering somewhere, and she reminded herself that he deserved it, and she felt mildly ill. She took a quick drink to calm herself and she felt the warmth through her, forcing her to stop looking around and realize they were the only people there. She felt slightly dizzy as she realized his face was close to hers. She wasn't drunk enough for this, she thought momentarily, but once his lips touched hers she forgot about that. It flitted off her consciousness as though it never happened. He seemed so eager, so desperate to feel her, and she realized he was in pain. He needed this as much as Severus needed his potion. Whatever he was going through for his transformation, he was in too much pain to think clearly, and he was kissing her as a result. She told herself he wouldn't do this otherwise, but it felt nice, even with the taste of firewhiskey on his breath. Lydia thought it would end, but it didn't. She felt his fingers on her face, dry and shaky, thin and warm. They were nice, different, and he nipped on her bottom lip when she tried to pull away from the kiss. She sighed, both in mild frustration and mild elation as she realized they were still kissing, that he was trying to pull her in closer, that somehow his chair had moved closer to hers. She put her hand on his shoulder to steady herself, and she sighed again as his lips went down her jaw, down her neck, his breath hot on her skin. Aberforth's head poked out of the back room, she realized hazily, and then he retreated again, obviously trying to give them some privacy. Remus covered her neck with kisses, and then she felt his teeth, not biting, but the front of them pressing into her neck. She felt mild panic. Not thinking about his teeth making a mark Severus would see, but what it would mean about Remus, how he would feel about biting her, even in such a seemingly innocent way. She was about to pull away when she felt him retract from her completely, eyes wide, horrified. "Sorry," he muttered, rubbing his eyes. "I'm sorry, I…." He cleared his throat. "I should go." "Remus," she began, although she didn't know what to say after that. He shivered and turned away from her. She wanted to comfort him, or to chastise him, or something, but she couldn't decide which. "I have to go," he said, running his fingers anxiously through his hair. He looked down at his unfinished second drink and frowned slightly. "Or…you should go? I just…" "I'll go," she said quickly, knowing that he needed space, although she was mildly annoyed that he was effectively kicking her out of a pub he'd asked her to. "I…. Severus is ill, anyway. I should…. Have a good day, Remus." He grunted, still frowning at the drinks on front of him, but she left him without expecting wishes from him. She felt she was shaking as she walked back through the rain, and she shed her cloak, feeling mildly sick herself as she heard Severus sneezing in the bedroom. She sighed, rubbing her temples, and called to ask if he wanted tea. "I'd only spill it," he called back, but she made him some anyway. She didn't care about him spilling. She was more interested in how comfortable or uncomfortable he was. She brought the tea in and he grunted in acknowledgment of it. Unlike Remus's grunt, there was a kind of warmth in the sound, and she sat beside him, using a damp towel to cool his brow. "How was Lupin," he said, unable to keep the stuffed-nose sound out of his voice this time. He was weary, she realized. "He's struggling," she said, kissing his forehead. "He's…. Well, the moon is coming." He hummed, probably guessing that Remus was in a bit of a state. She held the cup to his lips, and he sipped at it. When she saw his nostrils twitch she quickly pulled the cup away, setting it on the bedside table as he sneezed again, hard and six times in a row. When they were young, she had struggled not to laugh when Severus would sneeze. It happened so rarely, and he always looked and sounded so silly. Now, though, he looked so pitiful, and she brushed a bit of his hair out of his face as he sat up, gesturing for more tea. "I need you to got to Hogsmeade on Monday," he said, rubbing his eyes. She held the tea to his lips and he took a few drinks. "You'll be well by then," she said, hoping he was, because she couldn't do this for too much longer. It was so painful to see. "Possibly," he said, smiling weakly. "But going out in the cold air won't do my recovery any good." She couldn't argue with that, and so she said she would go. It was just picking up an order. He said he'd have some mail waiting there, but she wasn't to worry about that. She was just to get the package. The mail could wait, he said. It would have been odd, but this was Severus. She was rarely surprised by anything he did or said, and she knew he had a reason. There was no need to press him on it. Severus had a sleepless night, and although he told her she should rest, Lydia didn't take her potion and she sat up, watching over him as he dozed, readjusting his pillows when he had difficulty breathing as he tried to sleep. She fetched him another potion in the small hours, and set the potion beside him on his little nightstand. She paced their sitting room, with too much energy to sleep, and too much exhaustion to work. She knew she could take something and task Poppy with looking after him for a few hours, but she couldn't put him through that, knowing Severus would hate it. As much as he didn't say it, she knew it meant a lot to him to have her there with him while he was in this condition. She smoothed her hair, checked that he was still sleeping, and dashed up to the Great Hall for the owl post and a quick bite before hurrying back down. Lydia had very little mail, and she ignored a letter from her publisher and a couple of minor bits of correspondence from aspiring arithmancers who were trying to get her to look at their work. She focused on the letter she got from Remus. More of a note, really, she thought, turning the thing over after reading it twice, frowning. The tone was tight and cold, and she wondered whether he was turning over how things had gone, regretting his behavior or…something. She wondered what it would be like, how frightening it might be to have that little self-control, to know that once a month your self-control would slowly seep out of your body for about a week, until one night you didn't have it at all, and the following morning it would return with pain and horror and disgust at whatever you might have done in the past week, or night, or both. Lydia shivered, thinking of how she hated that feeling just after being drunk, not totally being sure what she had done while drinking. Remus, always so well-mannered and in control, must find it excruciating to lose that control, those manners. He'd been better in school, with his friends around him. Lydia knew that they had ways to help him keep his mind during the moon. It was little wonder he seemed to grow worse every year without them. She went back to their quarters to check in on Severus, who was starting to sit up and splutter the way people sometimes do after waking with sickness. His eyes narrowed as he saw her coming in through their bedroom door and he said, "You've been out." "Just grabbing my mail," she said, hoping she didn't sound too falsely bright. "Nothing remotely interesting. Are you feeling any better?" "Yes," he lied, accepting her kiss on his cheek. "You don't look much better," she said, frowning as she laid her hand across his forehead. "I feel better when you're here," he mumbled sleepily, his eyes closing at her touch. Lydia smiled to herself, brushing a bit of his hair off his face before kissing his forehead and reminding him that she had to go out before she could properly take care of him that afternoon. "Yes," he sighed, trying to sit up. "Packages, not letters. The letters can wait." "Why are you having you mail sent to Hogsmeade, anyway?" she said, kissing his forehead again. "Hogwarts can handle packages perfectly well." Severus said nothing, but she decided he wasn't actually asleep. For whatever reason, he just didn't want to answer. She told him she'd be back soon and she wrapped herself up, going out to the village wishing she could just Apparate there and back. She stepped into the post office and smiled at the man, handing him the note from Severus that allowed her to collect his mail. "This says packages," the man said, smiling at her, albeit a bit puzzled. "He's got quite a few letters here, too." She hesitated, rubbing her chin. Quite a few made her wonder whether she shouldn't just grab them, but he'd been very specific. "No," she said, wincing. "He was very specific. He said the letters would keep but the packages wouldn't. Best just give me the packages." "Right-o, then. Here we go." He tied all the packages up into one neat, tight bundle, which Lydia vastly appreciated. It would be awkward enough to get the parcels up to the castle without having to worry about them all coming apart. "He's a good customer, Snape," the postman said, nodding thoughtfully as she signed for the packages. "Very regular mail of all sorts. And he's very punctual in picking it up. Ill, I suppose? Or on holiday?" "Hardly on holiday," Lydia said, smiling. "He's a teacher, after all, and it is still the school year. He's ill, nothing serious." "Ah, well," the man said as she picked up the packages in gloved hands. "I suppose it's a good break for his poor students." She couldn't help it. Lydia laughed on her way out of the post office, walking back toward the castle in surprisingly good spirits. She was nearing the end of the High Street when she saw a familiar face going toward the small bookshop. "Remus!" she called out, not really sure what she'd say once she talked to him. After his very short letter, she wasn't sure they had much to talk about, and she did have quite a lot to carry, but it seemed rude not to greet him. He didn't turn, so she called out his name again. He kept walking. Lydia stood, flabbergasted, in the middle of the street. It wasn't a crowded street. There wasn't much of a wind. Her voice carried well enough. And his hearing was, well, better than that of the average human. There was no reason to suppose he hadn't heard her. And it wasn't as though he had a basic name like Michael or some such thing. He was ignoring her, she knew. He was pretending not to hear so that he didn't have to speak to her, perhaps having seen her before she saw him. It was really quite frustrating, the man who had kissed her with such passion just the other day now pretending he didn't know she was there to avoid…whatever he was avoiding. She really couldn't be sure what part of his very cyclical state of mind he was in at the moment, and she was too tired and annoyed to care. She decided to leave it for now, knowing she'd not bother mentioning it and couldn't stand to confront him. Severus needed her, she reminded herself, and she set back off on her way, forcing her mind to think through some issues one of her latest equations had been giving her in order to keep from thinking about Remus. By the time she was taking off her gloves and asking Severus how he was feeling, she'd very nearly forgotten it had happened at all, but once he told her he was feeling congested, he asked how things went in the village and her first thought was the image of Remus's back. She said nothing, carrying in the packages, trying to think of what to tell him that was relevant. She was just in the middle of saying the postman had mentioned he had quite a few letters when she felt his consciousness skimming her mind. She felt like an idiot for not shielding herself, and she knew he'd seen the incident with Remus. "Lupin was in the village," he said dryly, and she hardly noticed that he pointedly didn't address the letters she'd mentioned. "Erm, yes," she said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear as she adjusted his pillows. "I called out, but he didn't hear me." Severus snorted and she turned away, knowing something caustic was coming. She hoped she was wrong, hoped he wouldn't say something terribly cruel, but he did say softly, "Why you insist on lying to yourself, I'll never know. Just like my bloody mother." A wave of nausea came over Lydia as she recalled the things he used to repeat from his mother, excuses she would make for his father's behavior. Stress from work, tired because of his work schedule, stress because of the money when he was out of work. Lydia had always quite agreed with Severus that these excuses were a load of tosh, just his mother lying to herself because she couldn't face that she'd married a monster. Lydia felt slightly sick as she tried to get out the words, tried to tell Severus that this wasn't fair, that it wasn't the same. But she knew he would never agree with her. He'd always said that Sirius was like her father, and maybe he'd been right about that. He would be convinced, especially with Remus's condition, that Remus was like his father, and she would never win the argument. The only way to win an argument with Severus, it seemed, was to get very nasty and dredge up Lily, or even worse things he had done. And Lydia didn't have the energy or motivation to go there, not over this. Not when he was ill. Not when a tiny voice in the back of her head reminded her that she was lying to herself, after all. He wasn't totally wrong. "Do you want some more tea?" she asked, sickened by how natural her voice sounded, and he grunted noncommittally. Lydia put the kettle on and tried to think of anything mundane at all. A/N: So, I turned 25 Sunday night, and this is a little mini-birthday present to myself! One of my gifts was a FABULOUS Hufflepuff bathrobe, complete with a hood and pockets. I've got a long week at work today, so we're going to see how it goes! For now, I thought y'all might enjoy an update… Review Prompt: How much is Severus right about her relationship choices? How much is he wrong? -C
Lydia felt her consciousness being tickled into wakefulness by the sensation of fingers on her neck. For one moment, she felt panic, but her body recognized their cool, gentle touch and she relaxed. She sighed as Severus's lips pressed to hers. They lingered for a moment, but not long enough, and she tried to lift her head to get them back as they retreated. Her eyes blinked open and she saw that he was smirking, that he was trying to wake her with this teasing. Lydia was far too tired to be at all amused by the antics, and she only relaxed again when he kissed her. She knew instinctively that he was going to pull away again, but she nibbled down on his lower lip, making her arms move upward to wrap around his neck, as she pulled him deeper into the kiss. It was always good to feel how easily he could capitulate to her kisses, to her touch, and he relaxed into the kisses, allowing her to pull him back down with her so that she was resting her head on the pillow and he was hovering over her. His fingers traced down her body through her admittedly thin nightdress. She felt his hands squeeze her breasts gently through the material, and she sighed again, feeling him smirk against her lips. Lydia thought vaguely that this wasn't such a bad way to wake up. She ought to get him to do this more often. Certainly, he wouldn't mind touching her more often. Her arms relaxed, feeling his torso, wrapping around to his back, feeling his lips move down to her neck where he nibbled gently on her skin. "Good morning," she said, smiling as he paid special attention to her jawline. He sighed and kissed her chin before lifting his head and returning the greeting. "Happy birthday," he said, tracing his fingers along her jaw as he looked down at her. She stretched her legs slightly, having entirely forgotten her birthday until he mentioned it. She saw up, rubbing the back of her neck, glancing across the room at the clock. "I've slept quite a while," she said, frowning. "You were peaceful," he said, kissing her cheek again. "It didn't make sense to wake you. Albus wants to see us this evening, before dinner." "What about?" "He didn't say," Severus said, tracing his fingers gently through her hair. "You still look tired." "It's those potions," Lydia said, stretching. "I don't think I get complete sleep cycles on them." He hummed, and she knew he was thinking through how he could get them adjusted so that she could have complete sleep cycles and still avoid the nightmares. Lydia knew it was impossible, however. She understood enough about the nature of sleep and dreams to know that by skipping out on dreams, she was skipping out on an essential part of sleep. She touched his face and was pleased when he leaned in almost immediately to kiss her, as though the touch were some kind of cue. She nibbled on his lip hungrily, recalling easily how wonderful it had been, the last time he'd been inside of her. And then she smiled to herself, pulling away and finding that he very satisfyingly moved with her to try to maintain the kiss. "I should take a shower," she said, frowning teasingly, and his eyes widened ever so slightly. "If we're going to have to meet with Albus later today." He didn't argue, but he watched her go into the bathroom, not closing the door as she pulled off her nightdress. She could hear Severus getting out of bed, obviously taking her not closing the door as a cue to follow her, and she could feel her heart pounding as she tried to step to the shower to get the water. She felt Severus's arms wrap around her, his body holding her in place as he closed the door. Kisses were pressed along her neck. She swallowed, tracing her fingers through his hair, encouraging him as he pulled off the remainder of his own clothes. Severus didn't let her bother with the water, making her focus her attentions on staying warm, which Lydia was happy to do by curling against his body as he worked. He shielded her body with his from that awkward moment where the pipes try to understand that actually, you wanted warm water and they give you cold for just a moment, and then he turned to allow the warm water to cascade over her body. Cleaning while in a shower together was a routine for them at this point, and Severus took a particularly long time washing her hair before he resumed kissing her neck. Lydia smiled as he pressed her against the wall of the shower, his hands trying to find the right place to get a proper hold on her. Lydia felt a rush of emotion as he eagerly pressed his lips to hers, allowing her legs to wrap around him in the slipperiness of the shower. Another rush as he entered her, and she rested her head back on the wall, sighing at the change of sensation. Perhaps because of her birthday, perhaps because he seemed incapable of slowing himself at the moment, Lydia had only to allow Severus to do the work as he desperately worked to bring them both to a higher standard of pleasure. When they were about to turn off the water, Lydia found that her legs were shaky, and she was just about to sit for a moment when Severus swiftly turned off the water, wrapped her in a towel, and hastily toweled himself off before carrying her back out to their bed. Lydia told him he was being silly as he wrapped her towel-covered body up in a warm duvet, but he ignored her, kissing her lips gently before dressing and saying he'd be back shortly, and that she should be comfortable. Lydia waited until he was gone before unwrapping herself from her surprisingly warm coverings. She dressed in a sundress, knowing she didn't really have to go anywhere and liking very much how she looked in the dress. It reminded her, vaguely, of a dress Lily once gave her as a gift, and it seemed to be a style back in fashion. Rather too short to wear around students without her robes, but with just Severus, in their quarters, she couldn't imagine he would argue. She put the kettle on and toyed with the idea of getting some work done, but she knew that Severus would only be annoyed if she tried to work on her birthday. Instead she poured tea, prepared a cup for Severus, and combed her hair out, carefully combing and drying her hair in sections like she couldn't recall doing since she was a teenager, desperate enough to look good that she would sometimes spend more time perfecting her hair than she spent on her Herbology homework. She was just finishing her hair when Severus came back with food on a tray. He set it down, watching her with an expression she could only think of as curious. He crossed through to the bedroom where she was working on her hair, and he touched it with his steady fingers. "I've always liked your hair," he said, his voice strange, like he was remembering something long-forgotten. "Really?" she asked, suddenly feeling nervous. "It's nothing special." Lily had always had beautiful hair, Lily and Artemis both. Beautiful hair, vibrant red and gorgeous brown. Both with such multidimensional color. Lydia never could compete with that, her blonde locks all sort of one color, never as shiny, never as interesting. "It always looked so soft," he said, pressing his face against her hair, breathing it in. "Always fell around your face perfectly." She thought of saying how hard she had worked to make it do that, but she bit her tongue as he said, "When we were children, I always wanted to find a reason to touch it." "Did you?" she asked, genuinely puzzled. She'd never noticed any particular interest in her hair, but then Severus did have more subtlety than most, even at that age. He hummed, shifting his face so that he could kiss her cheek. He wrapped his arms around her and rested his head against hers. "Do you know, you were the only girl in the NEWT Potions course whose hair didn't go mad with the humidity?" Lydia hadn't noticed, in truth, and she tried to think back to those days. Now that he mentioned it, she supposed even Lily's hair had got a bit frizz-happy during the long NEWT sessions. Although it was hard to think of much of anything when Severus was placing kisses along her jaw like this. She breathed in deeply through her nose, trying to remember what Artemis's hair had looked like in Potions classes. "I was hardly the only one who noticed," he muttered against her skin. "But I got to work with you." She tried to hold in a laugh and it came out as a snort, but if Severus was offended he made no sign. He simply kissed her jaw again and began to pull her back to their front room where the tea was waiting, with food and all. Lydia allowed him to settle her on his lap, and he buried his face in her hair again for a long moment. Lydia thought absently as she picked up her tea and a sandwich that she ought to do her hair more often if it made him this excited. They quickly fell into an easy and pleasant afternoon, talking about work, talking about their disciplines, talking about the food. They didn't do too much reminiscing, and she was glad of this because she didn't have any wish to talk about getting another year older. She found that after hitting thirty the year before, there was something melancholy if she thought too much about birthdays, about the past birthdays, about how different life was now from when they were teenagers. Living in peacetime, she was supposed to be happier now, and in a way, she was, but part of her missed the comradery of her teen years. If she thought of them too long, she could only think of everything she'd lost, and not what had been gained. After a second cup of tea, when the food was gone, Lydia slipped off Severus's lap, letting her legs rest across his lap as she leaned back on the arm of the sofa. Severus made no arguments, his fingers tracing up and down her legs methodically as he watched her sip her tea. "We need more days like this," he said. This surprised Lydia, because she had often felt that she was the only one who thought about what needed to happen more and what could happen less. Severus so rarely said what he wanted that Lydia had come to expect that she would have to divine it using all the things she knew about him. "Yeah," she said, smiling weakly, reaching up to touch his face. He took her hand and kissed the back of it, then the palm, then each finger in turn. "Yeah, I think we really do." Lydia closed her eyes, enjoying her tea, deciding that as far as birthdays she could recall, this one didn't rank half badly. When she finished her tea, she curled up against Severus, who wrapped his arms around her, leaving off her legs and holding her tightly. She wondered if this was what birthdays were, at their age. Perhaps there were still people in the world who had lavish parties at their age, but for the normal types of people perhaps into the thirties and on birthdays were about quiet days with people who mattered. No drama, no conflict, no fuss. Just a nice day doing things that were better than most other days. Severus kissed her temple as the clock chimed. "We've got to go soon or we'll be late to meet Albus," he reminded her, and Lydia sighed, kissing his jaw before extracting herself from his hold. She ran her fingers lazily through her hair, found a set of robes to throw on over the sundress, and looked around for her shoes. Severus, of course, always dressed the same, at school or otherwise, so he simply had to wait for her to get ready. Once she found and slipped on her shoes, they walked swiftly, but without inordinate haste, to Albus's office. Lydia scratched her nose as Severus knocked on the simple wooden door, wishing they didn't have to do this, whatever it was, today. "Ah," he said brightly as they entered. "Good evening. Happy birthday, Lydia." She thanked him quietly and they sat. Lydia was wondering increasingly why they had a special meeting, as much of the discussion was a very basic set of questions about their needs for the end of the year. Then Albus asked a few simple questions about their research project, and to her surprise, Severus was dismissed, but she was retained. On his way out, Severus glanced at her with some hesitation about leaving her alone, but she gave him a small nod. She'd tell him if it were something important, and if not, it wouldn't matter. When the door closed, Albus paused for a long moment, perhaps making certain Severus wasn't lingering to listen at the door, before he said, "I wanted to talk to you about strategies, Lydia." "Strategies?" she asked, feeling anxious. "For…?" He gave her what he probably thought was an encouraging smile, but it did very little for Lydia. "The next seven years, of course," he said, almost sadly. "I'm certain you're aware of what student we will be teaching very soon." "Harry," she whispered, looking down at the desk with a frown. She was aware, but she hadn't been thinking too much about it. Thinking about Harry gave her some anxiety, because she always felt she had failed him, that somehow the fact he was living with the Dursleys and not with people who loved and understood him was her fault. She couldn't see Sirius for what he was before. She had declined to become his godmother because she'd been afraid of it forcing her and Sirius into some kind of commitment. She hadn't tried hard enough to make the Dursleys let her see him as a baby. She had failed him. She had failed Lily. "Indeed," Albus said, frowning slightly. "I have no doubt that this will be a very emotional time for you, in particular. Minerva and Hagrid have expressed some concern about their own emotion regarding Harry. But you will have a more…intimate set of memories to grapple with." She closed her eyes. Lily's screams of labor. Thinking of names together over holiday sweets. Sirius holding the baby in his arms for the first time. Wrapping gifts for Harry's first birthday. Pounding on the door in Privet Drive, desperate to see him, to see the one thing left in the world of Lily. "He won't be my concern for a few years, at any rate," she said, her heart tightening. "It's Severus you should be concerned about. I hear Harry looks like James." "With his mother's eyes," Albus said sadly. "Yes, Severus will find it…difficult. Severus, however, has a great deal more practice at regulating his emotions. I suggest that, perhaps, you ought to take a mild sedative for the Sorting ceremony. It wouldn't do to…make a scene." "It doesn't matter where he's Sorted," she lied. It did matter. He was James's son. It wouldn't be right for him to be anywhere but Gryffindor. But she couldn't imagine saying that out loud. Based on the look Albus was giving her, he didn't believe her, but she sighed, rubbing her neck. "I'll consider it," she said, although the idea was abhorrent to her. "I'll have to discuss it with Severus." She couldn't take anything that would interfere with the potions he was already having her take, and she only trusted Severus on that matter. "And if you have him as a student," Albus said, raising an eyebrow. "Obviously, there is no way to know whether he will have an interest in Arithmancy. His father never did. But it is possible." "I've done fine with Miss Tonks," Lydia said, although she was secretly thrilled that the young woman would be graduating in about a month. Those eyes staring back at her would not be missed. "I imagine that will always be harder." "Ah, yes," Albus said, frowning. "She does have the family eyes, doesn't she? Still, many of the pureblood students have gray eyes." "Not those gray eyes," Lydia said, rubbing her neck again. "Not like that." "Miss Tonks does not otherwise look like her mother's cousin, however. Harry is the perfect image of his father." Lydia sighed, rubbing her hands on her thighs and meeting Albus's eyes. "That's as may be," she said, irritated. "But if he does take my class, I suppose I'll just have to get used to it. Strategies are useless, Albus, especially if your idea of a strategy is to take a sedative. I couldn't take a sedative or two a week just to keep from…what, scenes? Emotional outbursts? Whatever it is you imagine I'll do. It's not practical. I'm not leaving, and he's certainly coming and that's just that." Albus's expression softened and he told her he supposed that was the way things would be – whatever that meant. She knew she was dismissed without him saying, and she left his office, returning to Severus as quickly as she could, pleased to see that he was pouring them tea when she entered their front room. "What was that about?" "Apparently Albus is under the impression that I'm an emotional mess hanging on by a thread," Lydia said sharply. "And apparently having Harry come to Hogwarts next year will break me and I'll have some kind of massive scene in the middle of the Sorting. He wants me to take a sedative." Severus snorted, but he said nothing. She knew he probably wanted her to take one, too, but he knew better than to say it right this moment. She took her tea, sat on the sofa, and lamented that Albus had to go and ruin a perfectly lovely day. A/N: And so ends PART TWO. Next chapter will be the beginning of PART THREE! :D You'll also see a new structuring for the story. It won't just be one chapter per month anymore. Some months will only have one chapter. Some will have as many as six. It'll all just depend on what's up! This is because of the main action – the books start in June of 1991, and so our biggest chunk also begins in this time frame. Remember, this is going to be over 500 chapters long, and we've not yet reached 200. Plenty to go! Coming up in the next few chapters? Someone comes to Spinner's End for tea and Lydia makes a new…friend? Review Prompt: General thoughts on Part Two? Things you're most looking forward two in Part Three? And let's be honest, not counting Sirius breaking out of prison, because that's really what we're all most excited for. -C
Lydia took a moment to congratulate Charlie Weasley, who was about to leave for a job he'd been granted at a dragon colony in Romania. "I suppose you're disappointed I'm not using my Acceptable in my Arithmancy NEWT, Professor," he said, grinning as he shook her hand. "Not really," she said, shrugging. "Your brother loved my class because of the content, and I knew he would use his scores. You just liked having friends around. I don't expect every student who gets a passing Arithmancy NEWT to use it, but if you ever do find you need it, I'm confident you'll be prepared for what life throws your way." Charlie thanked her and retreated up to Gryffindor Tower. Lydia watched him go, feeling a slight ache as she realized that with his qualifications, he could have done something to help with werewolves, but he was too interested in chasing off after dragons to make the difference that mattered. And that was really the problem, she mused. This was why things didn't get any better for Remus and other werewolves, because no one thought to do the things that mattered. "Strange, saying goodbye, isn't it?" Abney said, crossing the Entrance Hall to her, smiling sadly. "No matter how many groups of students you graduate, it always feels the same." Lydia wasn't sure that was completely true. There were always favorites, and she couldn't imagine how strange it would be when Lily's son finally graduated from Hogwarts. Seven years, she thought, feeling a heaviness in her chest. It felt like no time at all, and yet also an eternity. "What will you do?" she asked, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear as she smiled at the kind man. "Oh, I've been meaning to read a very large collection of old newspapers," he said with a wink. "Cover to cover. The sort of thing I never made time for, but I knew I'd want them later. It's time for that sort of thing." Lydia didn't think she could picture this man just sitting around reading a newspaper, but she supposed everyone had to retire at some point or other, even Albus. She turned and looked back at the silver and emerald banners to celebrate Slytherin's win of the House Cup, and she felt a heaviness. "Am I going to see you at breakfast tomorrow?" Abney asked brightly. "No," she said softly. "No, Severus and I decided we'd leave tonight. It's…it's sort of complicated. A long story. It's for my health." Abney frowned slight and nodded. "I find as I get older that there are many long and complicated stories about health." He took her hand and kissed it with gentle, soft, wrinkled lips. He then patted her hand warmly. "Take care of yourself, my dear. Be sure to write." "I will." "And promise me something." Lydia nodded, although she hated when people said that to her, like it was ever a good idea to promise before hearing what the promise was. "Promise me that you'll live happily," he said earnestly. "Don't listen to what other people feel you should need, or think you deserve, or expect you to want. Don't let them bully you, my dear, not even Albus and Severus. You figure out what it is that makes you happy, however long it takes, and you cling to it. There's so little in this life worth clinging to. Don't let go. The last thing I would ever want is for you to find it when it's gone." She didn't feel she fully understood what he was asking of her, but it seemed a nice sentiment, so she agreed and promised and kissed his cheek. He said goodnight, rather than goodbye, and she went down to their quarters where Severus had gathered their things. "Did you catch Mr. Weasley?" he asked as he stacked them in front of the fireplace. "Yes, I did," she said, rubbing her temple absently. "I think I'll write to him. I imagine it's lonely, moving to another country like that. And I've written to Bill. Especially from a large family, it's certainly an odd change for them." "Then write," Severus said, shrugging slightly before he crossed to kiss the corner of her mouth. "Said goodbye to Abney as well," she said, wrapping her arms around him. "He was disappointed we wouldn't be at breakfast. I told him I needed to leave for my health." "You do," Severus said firmly. "You'll be able to sleep without the potions again." She frowned slightly, realizing that Severus would very likely be taking his up again, but she just nodded, taking one last look around the room to be sure they hadn't missed anything before letting him take the trunks on to Spinner's End first. Lydia followed shortly after, stepping out into the little Cokeworth house and feeling a sense of homecoming. She shook her head negative when Severus asked if she needed anything out of the trunk and she walked up to their bedroom, kicking off her shoes and laying back on the bed, spreading her hands out on the cool sheets. She felt a kind of anxiety at Severus taking those potions, but she didn't want to argue with him if he felt he needed them. Severus followed her up, peeling off his robes and taking off his shoes as she sat there, watching him. "I'll be a bit," he said, stepping over to the edge of the bed to lean down and kiss her. "Why don't you go to sleep if you're tired? I'll make sure to come along soon." She wanted to argue, but she couldn't think of anything to say, so she changed into a nightdress she'd left behind and climbed into bed while he was downstairs, no doubt putting some ingredients away before bed. Lydia tried to keep her eyes open, not wanting to go to bed without saying goodnight properly, with the other half of the bed still so cold, but her eyelids dragged down and she lost consciousness rapidly. She opened her eyes with a start and found herself back in the bed she'd shared with Sirius. It didn't seem the same somehow, like the bed was bigger and trying to swallow her. Sirius was getting out of bed. "Where are you going?" she asked him, but she knew in the pit of her stomach where he was going. "Godric's Hollow," he said, his gray eyes seeming to glow in the thin strips of moonlight. "You could come with me." No. No, no, no. She couldn't go. She couldn't see this. She felt sick to her stomach at the thought of what was about to happen. "Don't go," she said, as though making him stay the night would keep her friends safe, would change the past. "I'm going," he said, petting her hair. "Come with me." No, no, no. "Please," she choked out. "There's so much we could do with you," he said, smiling softly. "The rage inside of you that nobody gets to see…. The things I could teach you, Lydia…. The Dark Lord wants you, and the Dark Lord always gets what he wants, in the end." "No," she managed to choke out. "No!" Sirius's hand traced down to her throat and she could feel the choking more firmly, the pressure and squeezing on her throat. She clawed at his arm, but it seemed to do nothing. "You're nothing without me," Sirius said in a horrible whisper. "The Dark Lord wants you. Once I'm gone, you won't even be able to stand up to the Dursleys. Pathetic." She gasped and choked, struggling to break free. "If I'd wanted you dead, Lydia, I would have killed you," he said, letting go of her throat. "The Dark Lord wants you. I'm not finished with you, not yet." Lydia sat up, gasping for air, tears streaming down her cheeks. She felt her throat for bruising, but there wasn't anything obvious and she sighed with relief. She turned to see Severus still fast asleep beside her and she frowned, wishing she could snuggle up close to him, but afraid of waking him. Instead, she slipped out of the sheets, out of the bed, creeping downstairs to make a cup of tea and decide what to do. It was a nightmare, she told herself. A simple nightmare. These were things that happened to everyone at some point or another, and after the reminders of Harry and Sirius, it wasn't so strange she'd have another nightmare when she went off the potions. She was bound to have a dream or two right away, and she didn't have much in the way of happy things to dream about. Lydia didn't feel it was the sort of thing she wanted to worry Severus with. If she found it was a problem that didn't go away, she'd have to, but she knew that after a night of peaceful sleep, he would be so much better than he'd been. She allowed her tea to cool as she sat down in the sitting room, looking across the street at the house she'd grown up in. In so many ways it looked strange to her, seeing it from this side of the street. She'd seen it from this side so many times now since she left it, since it became someone else's home, but it never became an easy thing. In the middle of the night, monsters were everywhere, and she could almost see an eerie green glow in the windows, could almost imagine her father's profile through the curtains. She felt mildly sick to her stomach. Very quickly, Lydia returned to the kitchen, downed her tea, and went back upstairs. Severus was turned to his side, his hands reaching out across her side of the bed, a small frown on his face. Even through his potion, she thought sadly, he'd been disturbed by the loss of warmth beneath their sheets. She climbed into bed, curling under the sheets, pulling her body close to his and feeling his arms wrap instinctively around her. She watched his face as he slept, saw it relax when his arms were around her, watched the contours of it in the dim light of moonlight through barely-translucent curtains. She felt a swelling in her chest as his hands adjusted on her body. She knew he couldn't consciously feel her, but somehow it was pleasant to know that his hands were caressing her, anyway. Lydia pressed a very gentle kiss to his collarbone, careful not to wake him, before resting her head against his chest. After seeing his face like that, she was less afraid to close her eyes. She breathed in and out deeply until her eyelids began to grow heavy, letting her arms rest around him. Lydia could smell various potions ingredients, and as her eyes flickered closed she tried to separate them out, thinking through what he might have been brewing, or what brew he'd been organizing his stores for. Unfortunately, she could only smell fairly basic ingredients that could be used in any number of simple potions. She tried to run through a complete list in her mind, knowing she'd never think of them all – a way of counting sheep, she supposed with a wry, tired smile. She wondered, vaguely, as her consciousness began to slip, what it had been like for Severus to come back to this house after disposing of her parents' bodies. Did he lay up wondering whether she could sleep? Did he debate whether to go back or stay in his bed? And after Sirius's betrayal, how many nights did he wonder how she was before he finally checked in on her? The waiting and wondering must have been excruciating, she supposed sleepily, letting her mind wander through the thought before the thought dissipated into a half-thought and sleep claimed her once more for the night, more peacefully this time than it had before. She slept through the night, and was woke with kisses in the morning, the nightmare merely a bad memory. Severus brushed hair out of her eyes the following morning as she winced, stretching after the series of kisses. "I suppose I should make a cup of tea," she said, as he leaned down for another kiss. He hummed against her lips before tracing the kiss down to her neck. As much as they would both like to indulge in this first morning off responsibilities for a long time, they both knew they had plenty of work to do, for the upcoming school year and for her research. Lydia went downstairs, acknowledging his call after her that he'd be down to make breakfast soon, and she put the kettle on. She pulled her dressing gown tightly around her body, digging out the cups and musing that she'd have to pick up some more honey, as the honey they had was about a week from being gone, at the rate they went through it. A knock at the front door jolted her out of her musings and she sighed, supposing the neighbors had seen that they were back in town and wanted or needed something. It didn't happen often, maybe every third year, but they did get periodic visits from curious or over-friendly neighbors. Severus let Lydia deal with them. She opened the door and was stunned to see not a Muggle neighbor, smiling, with a quiche, but the sophisticated and slightly disdainful face of one Narcissa Malfoy. Lydia's throat felt tight as the two women looked at each other with astonishment, and she realized that Narcissa had her cousin's eyes as well. Did everyone in that family have those eyes? "Excuse me," Narcissa Malfoy said smoothly. "I wasn't aware…. Rowe, wasn't it?" The two women had been aware of each other at school. Narcissa had been several years ahead, but her connections to some of the students in Lydia's year had caused them to cross paths. They'd never spoken to each other, and Lydia had never been completely sure that Narcissa was aware of her existence until Sirius's interest in Lydia became publicly known. "Yes," Lydia said softly, really not sure what to do or say. Should she invite this woman in for tea? "Lydia?" Severus called over the whistling of the kettle. "What's wrong?" He came down the stairs very quickly, and found the two women staring at each other over the threshold, hastily tying off his dressing gown. "Ah," he said. "I see." Narcissa seemed to rally her presence of mind, lifting her head slightly and addressing herself directly to Severus, saying, "I apologize, Severus. I wasn't aware you had company." "You were more aware than I," he said, coming up right behind Lydia and pausing. Lydia could feel his hand on her back, gentle. She didn't know if Narcissa could see, but she supposed it didn't matter at this point. "Lydia lives here. She's not…company." "I see," Narcissa said, looking over Lydia with renewed interest. "How very interesting." She took off her gloves almost as a reminder of hospitality, and deciding that the kettle couldn't be ignored any longer, Lydia cleared her throat and said, "Please come in. Would you like tea?" "Yes, thank you," Narcissa answered, still considering her with a slight frown. "Two sugars." Lydia went directly to the kitchen, getting out another cup and quickly pouring the tea. She could hear their voices in the corridor, low and muddled. She thought she heard Severus say something about Sirius. "I wouldn't dream of it," Narcissa said firmly. "Unfortunately, if there's one thing that could be said of my cousin, it's that he always had good taste." Lydia felt her stomach turn as she stirred sugar into the third cup. Severus said something else, and Narcissa said something Lydia couldn't hear, and then she heard them coming into the kitchen. She quickly stirred honey into Severus's tea, smiling at them as they entered. "Thank you," Narcissa said as Severus passed her the tea he knew was for her. "No, I…I wanted to give you a bit of a warning, actually. You'll be hearing quite a bit from Lucius in the coming months." "Draco?" Severus asked. He murmured his thanks to Lydia as she passed him his tea. Narcissa hummed that he was correct. Lydia tried to decide whether to stay in the room or go. She could always make the excuse of leaving to change, but Severus seemed perfectly content to talk with Narcissa Malfoy in his dressing gown, which made Lydia uncomfortable. She had always rather assumed that this was a level of intimacy that only she had with Severus. A horrible, nasty voice in the back of her head wondered just how close Severus and Narcissa had been during the war. "We're having a bit of an argument," Narcissa said, setting down her tea after several sips. "Lucius wants Draco to go to Durmstrang. He's never approved of Dumbledore, and Igor is the Head at Durmstrang, you know. He will be looking for reasons not to send Draco to Hogwarts, in every crack and crevice." "And you wish for me to convince him otherwise," Severus said smoothly, glancing at Lydia thoughtfully. "Well, I can think of several things to say. Not the least of which is that the educational standard at Hogwarts is second to none." "It doesn't teach Dark Arts," Narcissa said, clearly recounting her husband's concerns. "And you cannot tell me that Divination and Muggle Studies are worthwhile." Lydia felt slightly sick at the derisive way Narcissa said the word "Muggle." This was the thing Lydia had always hated about Severus's schoolmates. They always looked at Lydia like she was a second-class citizen, to be put in her place. "And Draco does not have to take them," Severus said smoothly. "Durmstrang may teach the Dark Arts, but Lucius could easily teach his son such things. What Lucius has never fully appreciated is that Defense as Hogwarts teaches it is an integral part of the Dark Arts. Or need I remind him that Igor spent time in Azkaban for lack of proper defensive training?" Narcissa smirked slightly and nodded. "What's more, he could hardly argue that Draco would have better Transfiguration training than Minerva McGonagall could give him, or better Arithmancy training in the world than from Lydia." Narcissa's eyes darted briefly to Lydia once more before she returned her attention to Severus and said, "And you are the most highly regarded active Potions Master in Europe. Yes. Thank you, Severus. I knew I could count on you." A/N: So, the Durmstrang v. Hogwarts debate is on, Narcissa knows about Lydia and Severus, and the Malfoys are about to stick their noses into the lives of our lovely couple. HMM. :D Review Prompt: Do you think there's some kind of history between Narcissa and Severus, or is Lydia just slightly paranoid? -C
Lydia had their work spread out across the kitchen table, her chest heavy as she considered possible ways forward. Severus walked in, hesitating before putting the kettle on. "That's quite a lot of parchment," he said softly as he crossed to get the cups. "It's our research," she said, rubbing her eyes. "Sometimes spreading out all the pieces like this makes it clearer." "Does it?" he asked doubtfully. "Sometimes it makes it worse," she admitted, tapping the one small, bare spot on the table. "Right now it's all just a bit daunting." "Biscuit?" he offered. Lydia shook her head. She needed to just buckle down and make choices, even if they proved to be the wrong ones in the long run. He stirred honey into his cup, setting hers behind her on the counter as he sat down, frowning at the papers. He'd not seen it all laid out like this before, and she wondered whether it seemed as suffocating to him as it felt to her at the moment. "Trying to make a choice?" he asked. She hummed. "Well, what are our options?" She licked her lips, pulling out the small scrap of scribbled list she'd made to consider the possibilities. She set it between them and said, "We could consider numbers of persons in the vicinity." "How large is the vicinity?" he asked before testing his tea with a careful sip. Lydia checked the measurements of the spell in question and cross-referenced it with her chart of localized spell reaction. "Basically all of Godric's Hollow," she said, wincing. "I'd need census data, and time to do interviews to figure out who was there that night, who wasn't, who's since moved away." "A bit time-consuming," Severus said frowning. "What else?" "Well, if we assume that the spell was a reflection," she said, setting down her journal to pick up her tea, "which seems to be Albus's assumption of how the Dark Lord…did whatever he did and disappeared, then I could try a Rutherford Inversion and see if that gives any insights, but I prefer working those with a chalkboard, given the number of variables involved. It's so difficult to do without the proper space requirements." Severus hummed, looking around the room as though a chalkboard would appear at any moment. "Perhaps not," he muttered, almost to himself. "And then?" "I could consider Harry," she said, feeling slightly sick at the thought. He raised an eyebrow and said, "I rather thought that's what this whole mess was for in the first place." "Yes," she said, shifting, setting her tea down on the unmarked corner of a series of timing equations. "But I mean, consider him as he is now. It would require meeting him, asking him questions, learning about the environment he's grown up in, comparing it with information from his infancy. Trying to see what impact the spell has had on him – apart from the scar. Curse scars can have a great deal of impact, you know. Even measuring the scar would be useful." Severus's eyes darkened and she knew he was thinking what she was thinking – it wasn't healthy for her, and probably not even for Harry, to go that route. "What exactly do you expect to say to him?" he said softly. "Hello, I knew your parents, now have some tea while I measure your scar and make a study out of your life." "No," she said, sighing and picking up her tea again in frustration. "I don't know. I'll have to say something to him." "Why?" Severus drawled. He took a drink of his own tea, set it down, and raised an eyebrow. "You won't teach him for years, if you teach him at all." "I could still reach out," Lydia said, sighing. "I should reach out." "Lydia, what would you say to him?" Severus repeated. "Would you tell him that you were there for his birth, and oh, also living with the man responsible for the deaths of his parents?" "Stop it," she said, standing abruptly, nearly upending her barely-touched tea. "I don't know," she said anxiously. "I just feel that I need to say…something." Severus said nothing, but his gaze said everything. It told her all the things she'd been trying not to think about. She still wondered what Harry would think, knowing that she could have been his godmother, and instead she failed and let him be raised by Petunia and her cow of a husband. It was her fault, and how could she possibly try to convince Harry otherwise? "Well, I've got to do something," she said, glancing down at the papers again. "Maybe…maybe we could put a chalkboard in the other bedroom?" Severus hesitated, glancing down at the notes. He seemed about to say something, but then he nodded slowly and said, "I'll see what I can move around. In the meantime, why don't we…clear this up?" Lydia hesitated, but she knew he'd want the table for making breakfast, so she cleared up the table as quickly as she could, gathering up things very carefully so that she didn't lose track of what was where. Severus moved to help her, but she gave him a firm look that said quite plainly that this wasn't something he ought to be helping with. She couldn't tell if he was annoyed or amused as he turned away to start the eggs, or perhaps a bit of both. Once she'd cleared off the table, she took her things back out to the cabinet where she kept them over the summer, and she came back for her tea, thinking of staying in the kitchen to watch Severus cook, but deciding that she would only feel unproductive. And when she was unproductive, she started to think about all the things that reminded her why Albus wanted her to take a sedative during the Sorting. She laid back on the sofa for a minute, considering her tea, trying to think of something she could do to feel like she was accomplishing something. Lydia stalked up to the other bedroom, the one she'd shared with Severus when they first started living at Spinner's End together. She shivered slightly, recalling the intent with which he had taken her on those beige sheets for the first time. She wondered if he ever felt that way again, whatever it was he'd felt. He'd been so…passionate, so…desperate. She felt dizzy just thinking of it. It almost seemed a shame, putting a chalkboard in this room. She wasn't sure she'd be able to focus on work with the memories of sleeping here. Swallowing her anxieties again, she went back downstairs, grabbing her file of lesson plans and moving herself, her work, and her tea into the library. She spread out the lesson plans, frowning to herself. It was a bit early to be working on them yet, really, but it didn't seem that she had anything else to do for the moment. The problem was, she found as she flipped through them that she had very little to adjust or change or add. The fifth year plans needed slight tweaking throughout to account for the temperament of the students in the group, but that was hardly a substantive change. Time consuming, yes, but not substantive. Still, it was what she needed for the moment. She picked through the lessons and made small changes, bit by bit, opting to do much of it by hand instead of with magic. She could have done it so much more quickly with a few taps of her wand on each page, but it didn't seem right, doing it that way. She licked her lips and buckled down into it. First, she noticed her tea was gone, and she thought about going for more, but she didn't want to hold up her work. About ten minutes later, however, her quill split and she had to stop with frustration. She scrambled through the desk for another one, a suitable one at any rate, but she couldn't find anything. She resigned herself to going out for another quill and was just debating whether to put the kettle on again as well when there was a knock on the door. She bit the inside of her cheek in frustration and then said, "Come in." Severus poked his head in first, then frowned slightly and came in the rest of the way. He looked over her shoulder at her work and then glanced at the split quill. "Bit early for plan revisions, isn't it?" he said, kissing the top of her head. "Is everything alright?" "It split," she said with a shrug. "Dunno why. Probably a faulty quill." He hummed, clearly not convinced as he looked down at the last words she'd written to see if she'd been pressing harder as she worked. She stood to get another quill, and she was surprised when he stopped her, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Breakfast's almost done," he said, turning his head to touch his temple to hers. "Why don't you take a break, Lydia?" She sighed, knowing it was probably for the best anyway, but she didn't like stopping in the middle of a year. She hesitated and he sat down beside her, placing a hand on her knee. She knew he was about to say something she didn't want to hear, but she didn't try to cut him off, just waited for whatever the blow might be. "I think the sedative is a good idea, Lydia." Her body tensed despite her best efforts, and he said quickly, "Just listen before you get angry. You're already working yourself into a frenzy and we have two months before you are faced with what you'll have to do or say, or whether to do or say nothing at all. I am not saying that you need to make a decision tonight, but I want you to be aware that I am concerned with your ability to consider it rationally when the time comes." Lydia's nostrils twitched and she scratched her ear, not looking at him, staring instead at the split quill. "And the potion?" she said, frowning. "It wouldn't interact well, would it?" He hesitated, which told her that her fears were founded. Severus took her hand and kissed it, telling her he'd think of something, and Lydia couldn't argue with that. They went to the kitchen, where he quickly made more tea, and she sat down to breakfast, smoothing hair out of her face and wondering when she could deal with her life without all the potions. "I could cool it, if you'd like," he said, sitting next to her with the tea. Lydia shook her head and thanked him. They ate quietly, both hesitant to talk about research or school for fear of causing another disagreement. Lydia was finishing her tea, about to go back to work, when Severus set down his cup with rather more force than usual. "This is ridiculous, Lydia," he said, with obvious frustration. "There is no reason for us to be sneaking around each other like this. The boy will be at Hogwarts for seven years, and we need to be able to work and live together as we have done during that time." "He's not just a boy," Lydia said, frowning at the dregs of her tea. "He's Lily's son." She sighed. "Why did they have to have a child?" "I ask myself that question frequently," Severus muttered, more to himself than to Lydia. "No, but think about it," she said, as though by his understanding her she could make it all change. "If they hadn't wanted a child, if they hadn't had a child, then they wouldn't have needed to go into hiding in the first place. It was all about Harry, wasn't it? And maybe they would have survived the war, and…and…" She tried to envision what that world would be like, but she didn't know where to go next. Severus's lips twitched slightly and he said softly, "And you might still be living with Black and the Dark Lord might be ruling England, and your talents would be forced to labor for those two men and not for your own interests and passions." Her chest felt tight, and before she could think of an answer, she heard a knock at the door. It was firmer, more sure of itself than Narcissa Malfoy's a week or so ago, and Lydia frowned at Severus, asking with her eyes whether she ought to answer the door. Severus hesitated, both of them still in their dressing gowns again. The knock sounded again. "Damn it," Severus muttered, drawing his dressing gown more firmly around himself as he stood. Lydia stood but he shook his head, moving around her to get to the front door before whoever it was knocked again. Lydia heard the door open, heard the voices of two men – one being Severus – and then she couldn't stand the waiting any longer. She slipped out of the kitchen to see Lucius Malfoy standing there, smirking. "Laying about," Lucius was saying when she could see his face. "It is certainly not like you. Is this due to the…housemate Narcissa told me about?" He glanced over Severus's shoulder at Lydia and she felt smaller for a moment as his face had a kind of cruel satisfaction on it, like he knew something that gave him some kind of power over the situation. Severus glanced back at Lydia, then back to Lucius, and said something so soft that Lydia almost didn't hear it – and she strongly suspected that she wasn't supposed to. "Don't tell me you've forgotten saying that you would consider it a worthy conquest to bed her. Or is your memory so short?" Lucius's face went dark in a moment and he accepted Lydia's hasty offer of tea for both men. Lydia put the kettle on and prepared cups – leaving one empty for Lucius Malfoy, not knowing how he took his tea, and she went upstairs to change into a set of robes suitable for company. She hated wearing robes when she wasn't at Hogwarts or going to Diagon Alley or Hogsmeade, but there were necessities in life. She returned to the kitchen to find Lucius stirring milk into his tea and Severus stirring honey into his own. He motioned for her to sit beside him, where her own cup of plain black tea was waiting, steaming. She did so, pleasantly surprised when Severus placed an arm around her in spite of their company, as though daring Lucius to comment again. "I have heard all the considerations you have given my wife to persuade me away from sending my son to Durmstrang," Lucius said smoothly, as though no verbal altercation had happened in the first place. "I must say, you surely know that I will not make a decision without taking further measures to investigate these…options." "Naturally," Severus said, not moving his arm. Lydia drank her tea without attempting to insert herself into the situation. She had no wish to have her life tangled up in the affairs of the Malfoys, despite knowing it was likely their son would eventually take her class, should he end up at Hogwarts. "And your measures would be…?" "I have become a governor," Lucius said, folding his hands stiffly, almost looking down his nose at them. Well, at Severus. He hardly acknowledged Lydia's existence. "A Hogwarts governor?" Severus said, amused. "Well, you will certainly find your answers. The real question is, what will you do, provided you do decide to send Draco to the continent?" "That hardly matters. The point is, I have no need for you to interfere in the matter." Severus simple smirked at him, as though he knew a secret, something neither man would say out loud. Lydia simply sipped at her too-warm tea as the two carried on a conversation without using meaningful words. When Lucius finally left, Severus returned to the kitchen and sat beside Lydia, considering her face for a moment before kissing the corner of her mouth. "What did you find so amusing?" she asked him, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "Hmm?" "About his comment about interference. Why was that so amusing?" Severus pressed his lips to her hairline for a moment before saying, "Lucius can think what he wants, but I have known him and his wife for a very, very long time. She wants Draco to be at Hogwarts. She's a passive woman generally, but when Narcissa wants something, nothing in the world will keep her from it, not even Lucius. I see he's still in denial on that fact." Lydia hummed chewing slightly on the inside of her lip. She had other things she wanted to ask, but it didn't seem prudent. She was almost afraid of the answers. "I imagine he simply came around to see if it was true," Severus said, lazily picking up his tea and examining what was left in his cup. Lydia asked what he meant as Severus took a quick drink, and he set the cup down again. He said, "Well, that I'd outdone him again." "How do you mean?" she asked, feeling his hands tracing her arm through her thin sleeve. Lydia looked up at Severus and saw a kind of pride in his eyes she couldn't recall seeing in some time. "I always had more of what he wanted, and all he could ever hold over my head were things I couldn't have and didn't need, like his manor or his bloodlines." He inhaled deeply as he caressed her face. "But he has Narcissa, and I…I have you." Lydia held her breath, feeling him leaning close, his warm breath ticking her lips as he whispered, "He's lost the fight again." Lydia felt mildly sick with worry that Lucius had made some kind of comment about her once, but the worry was forgotten quickly, melting into oblivion as she gave in to Severus's kisses. All her anxieties of the day simply sank away into nothingness, nothing mattering at all except the warmth of being so admired, so wanted. A/N: Well… life has been a rollercoaster. I'm currently unemployed, scrambling to land on my feet and tie up loose ends. So…I'll be having more time for updates probably? For a while. Expect more from me. And don't bother feeling sad about it. These things happen, and I have prospects. I'm better off than many. Review Prompt: D'you think Draco takes Arithmancy? -C
In the early days of July, it began in earnest. Lydia and Severus had fooled themselves into thinking that the Malfoys would no longer bother them, and they grew into a kind of paradise between them. Somehow the intrusions on their space at Spinner's End had acted as a catalyst, a kind of aphrodisiac that deleted any inhibitions that had cropped up between them. Lydia grew dizzy at times with the fervor and hunger and regularity with which Severus propositioned her, and in one small moment when she was working and he was making lunch she thought that it almost reminded her of when she first moved in with Sirius, the way Sirius would take any excuse to seduce her. When the post came in on Monday, Severus made a noise of annoyance that told her the letter he had received was not one he particularly wanted to receive, and she only hand to glance up at the envelope and see the seal to know that it came from Malfoy Manor. Severus's expression told her it was Lucius. Lydia thought of saying something, but she didn't know what to say, so she focused on spreading marmalade on her toast while he opened the letter and began to read it. She took a bite of her toast as he murmured, "Oh, for the love of Merlin." "What?" she asked through a half-full mouth, and Severus looked up at her, his ire dissipating slightly at her impropriety. Under normal circumstances, he would be amused, but as it was he merely softened. "Lucius is an interfering moron," he said, setting down the letter. "Not that this is news." Lydia swallowed nodding, taking a long drink of her tea before asking what exactly Malfoy had done this time to earn his title of interfering moron. Becoming a governor apparently wasn't enough, but she couldn't think what more he could do. "No, it isn't," she agreed, setting down her cup again and tilting her head. "What's he done now?" Severus's nostrils flared, so whatever it was had him quite annoyed indeed. "He wants me to send him my curriculum," Severus said bitterly." Lydia blinked. "Sorry?" "No, you heard me correctly," Severus said disdainfully, glancing down at the letter he'd set aside. "He wants to know precisely what skills I teach when, and to what degree – which Potions they learn, how long they brew them for, that sort of thing." "But that's utterly ridiculous!" she said, pushing away her plate unconsciously, not noticing that Severus frowned slightly as she pushed away her mostly uneaten toast. "He can't possibly expect you to just send him a complete copy of your curriculum. The parchment alone would be…. I mean, that's ridiculous! You haven't even had time to make your annual adjustments!" Severus hummed, standing, crossing to the kettle to make himself another cup of tea. Lydia hadn't expected him to do it, and she certainly wouldn't have done for a prat like Malfoy, but whatever the things tying Severus to Lucius Malfoy, it must be substantial. Instead of ignoring the ridiculous demands, Severus spent the rest of Severus making his adjustments and carefully copying the curriculum, packaging and sending along by owl late Monday night. Lydia wanted to tell him she couldn't understand why he'd done it, but she didn't want to put Severus in a position where he felt he had to defend perfectly innocent actions – especially if it traced back to something during the war. Instead, she happily, accepted the eagerness with which he kissed her neck, the way he whispered her name reverently against her skin as he slipped his hands up her bare thighs that night in bed. Lydia decided that whatever the reason for his sudden rush of desire, she was going to take full advantage of it, and she rolled Severus over so that she was on top of him, feeling his hands continue up her thighs as he sat up slightly to kiss her lips. She nibbled lightly on his lip and he groaned into the kiss. She could feel him growing hard against her thigh, and she closed her eyes, feeling a rush of importance as she realized that the words he was muttering against her jaw were words of adoration. "So good," he was muttering as he pressed kisses along her skin. She ground into him, biting her lip. "So perfect." She tilted her head back as she lowered herself onto him, feeling the wonderful fullness of his being inside of her. He moaned against her skin, swearing. She smiled, so grateful they'd taken the time to make the potions to heighten her enjoyment, because she could almost feel as good as he felt. She sighed, tracing her fingers through his hair as he kissed down to her breasts, swearing as he went, groaning appreciatively as she rode him. When she finally collapsed in his arms, resting her head against his collarbone, Lydia thought that perhaps things would normalize now that Lucius had made what seemed like the most unreasonable demand possible. Perhaps when she woke up in the morning, life as normal would resume and she and Severus could enjoy their summer getting ready for the fall without further interruption. Of course, it certainly seemed that way Tuesday morning, when Severus made breakfast while she showered. She put the kettle on when breakfast finished without any untoward post, and Lydia suggested they do some reading, which they were both behind on. The day went on normally, and Lydia got a great deal of work done. That night, Severus was affectionate, but not really what she'd call passionate, and Lydia fully believed that the universe had righted itself, whatever the reason. She woke up on Wednesday and went through the motions, showering, going down to breakfast, making their tea. Severus greeted her with a quick kiss to the corner of her mouth and they began to eat their eggs and read the paper when the post came. A letter from her publisher. Lydia was about to express her annoyance with Stanly when she heard Severus make a small sound of disgust. She looked up and saw that he was in the middle of a letter, and she could see very clearly the seal of the Malfoys on the envelop he'd set aside. She rolled her eyes turning her attention back to her eggs and kippers, too annoyed to bother with what was going on with Stanley, and too nervous to ask what was going on with the whole matter of Lucius Malfoy. She couldn't fathom what it was this time. If anything, it was probably some absurd complaints about something in Severus's plans. She didn't think Lucius had been especially well-trained in Potions, anyway. He probably didn't understand half of what Severus had sent him. He'd certainly not read it all with consideration, not in so short a time. Finally, Severus balled up the little bit of parchment and tossed it aside, and Lydia couldn't help but give him a confused, mildly astonished look. She hadn't wanted to pressure him into telling her about it, but he did not miss the look. "Lucius," he said, picking up his fork and stabbing at a kipper firmly. "Yes, I'd gathered," she said, frowning slightly. He dropped the fork again, pinching his nostrils. "Merlin," he sighed. "Here I was thinking the Potter boy would be the greatest of my troubles. I had forgotten just how many of my classmates have children around this age, and I had certainly forgotten how utterly impossible Lucius could be. He is expressing concern with my potential…treatment of Draco." "Treatment?" Lydia repeated, frowning, puzzled at the word. "What, does he think you're going to force potions down the boy's throat or something." "No," Severus said, snorting. "He's expressing his concern that I won't be enough like Slughorn." Lydia's stomach dropped at the insinuation, recalling how galling it had been that she and Severus were among the best students Slughorn ever had, but they would never be fawned over the way the pureblooded students were – or Lily, as it happened. Because Severus was a scrawny, awkward little Half-Blood, and Lydia was too meek to be anyone of consequence – or so Slughorn had thought at the time. Draco Malfoy, Lucius assumed, would be treated with a certain measure of respect and consideration because he had a father with money and a powerful name. And with that assumption, Lucius was testing the waters on whether Severus – someone who had not benefited from that system and thus had little reason to continue it – would give him the consideration he thought he was due. Most teachers would bother pandering to the likes of Lucius Malfoy, governor or no, but Severus was the only real possibility. Lydia tapped her fingers thoughtfully on the table as she considered that Karkaroff had benefited from that system – it was likely the reason he had a school to begin with. "Well," she said softly, "do you think whoever Karkaroff's employed will take that line?" Severus's eyes snapped up to hers and he tilted his head slightly, considering the question. "Karkaroff will, certainly," Severus said slowly. "However…. Perhaps not." Lydia blinked. She wanted to ask why not, but she desperately did not want to ask, all at once. It had something to do with the war, probably some fight or issue between Karkaroff and Lucius, some kind of conflict that would call into question whether or not Draco would actually be better off under him than under Dumbledore, who would at least treat everyone fairly, regardless of surname. "You're brilliant," he said, standing abruptly. "Yes, but your breakfast," she said, confused, turning to see him walking out of the kitchen. Lydia thought of following him for a moment, but she decided to quickly finish her kippers and eggs, taking a few quick swallows of tea and shoving Stanley's letter into her pocket as she followed Severus out. At first she wasn't sure where he'd gone, but she heard the scratching of a quill from the library, so she went in, not knocking. He didn't look up, carefully writing as she watched him work. He paused to wet his quill with more ink. "Yes?" he said during the pause. "You didn't finish breakfast," she said. "Breakfast can wait, Lydia," he said smoothly. "This cannot." She couldn't see what harm there was in letting Lucius Malfoy stew for a while, but she let him finish the letter, going to her own work. She heard him leave the library about half an hour later, heard him return to the kitchen, and almost as soon as she heard him leave the kitchen again he was in the spare bedroom with her, watching her work for a moment before crossing to her. "I'm busy," she teased, knowing nothing she was doing for her edits was urgent. "It can't wait." "Hardly," he muttered, plucking the quill from her fingers, ignoring her playful protests as he tossed it aside, pulling her to her feet by her wrists, kissing her. Lydia sighed, torn between being pleased with the uptick in their sex life and mildly disturbed and irritated that it clearly seemed to correlate with the increase in correspondence with Lucius Malfoy, of all things. Still, she didn't struggle as Severus coaxed her across the hall, into their bedroom, pulling her onto the bed and rolling her over onto her back. She decided, as she looked up at his hungry, burning gaze, that she could deal with this for a while longer before expressing her discomfort. After all, she mused as he kissed her, murmuring more words of adoration between kisses, sometimes positive changes could be accepted, no matter what sort of uncomfortable negativity from which they came. Thursday, she hoped for at least a day of rest from the madness, a quiet day like the one they'd had Tuesday, but she'd barely come down from the shower and sat down for breakfast when the post came, this time with only a single letter, and she could not pretend she did not see the Malfoy seal as Severus picked it up. "Absurd," he said, carefully opening it with a single swipe of his thumb under the flap. Lydia dutifully turned her attention to her sausages, thinking perhaps she ought to go by the shops today, get some beans. They hadn't had any beans in a while, and she had forgotten how much she could miss them. They never had proper Heinz beans at the school. It wasn't the same. She'd hardly finished the thought that she would go to the shops after lunch when Severus stood abruptly, almost upending the table, destroying the parchment as his hand made a furious fist. Lydia stared up at him, alarmed, as he said, "I'm going to kill him." The horrible thing was, she knew Severus well enough to know that he meant those words. She stood quickly as he violently tore the crumpled parchment, and she was about to ask him what was wrong, but he was already charging for the door, one hand going for his wand. Feeling her pulse in her ears, Lydia hurried to cut him off, putting her hands on his shoulder, seeing him hesitate at the pressure of her hands on his torso. His eyes were furious, hideously angry like she hadn't seen them since that day on the Hogwarts grounds when he lost Lily's friendship forever and everything in Lydia's life was turned on its head. "Please," she said as he hesitated, praying silently that he wasn't beyond reason. "Calm down and tell me what's going on." Severus's nostrils flared and he tried to push past her, but Lydia moved to block his way out of the kitchen, feeling mildly nauseous at the realization that if she couldn't calm him quickly, he'd plow right through her to get out, without thinking of what damage he might do to her in the process. "I'm going to kill him," he said again, his nostrils so flared that the creases about them had gone paler. Lydia could feel a tightness in her throat as she raised her arms, moving in the way as he tried to slide past her. Severus growled with frustration, and she knew if she didn't do something quickly she'd lose the struggle. He pulled out his wand and Lydia grabbed his wrist. "Please," she said, with a horrible sensation that she'd seen something like this before. She wasn't sure if it was his parents or her parents, but she knew she'd seen this before, and she just wanted him to stop. "Sev, tell me what's wrong, please!" Lydia heard the tears in her voice before she felt them or saw them, and Severus paused, astonished by the sound as well. He seemed uncertain what to do, and so they stood there in the kitchen doorframe, her gripping his wrist almost for balance, him brandishing his wand, intent on killing Lucius Malfoy. "It's not important," he said stiffly, but she relaxed slightly, knowing he'd calmed enough to be reasoned with. "Clearly it is," she said, struggling to hold herself together as she could feel the tears on her cheeks, "if you're going to barge about like this and go off to kill somebody. Now tell me what the bloody hell happened, please." Severus's nostrils flared again and he shrugged her off, crossing to the sink, resting his hands on the edges of it, wand still gripped tightly. She wondered if he was going to vomit for a moment, the way his body moved with great, heaving breaths. "I have learned to suffer a great number of insults," he said softly, in a dangerously smooth tone that made her spine tingle with fear. "But you…" "What about me?" she asked, feeling her throat close slightly. "What does any of this have to do with me?" She knew he'd closed his eyes without his even turning around, somehow. She just knew. "It has everything to do with you," he said darkly. "Do you have any idea what it was like, knowing Black was defiling you, and then having to listen to them all talk about you like you were…were…some prize to be won and then discarded?" Lydia found it hard to breathe, and he was squeezing the sink like he might try to snap the edge of it in two. "They knew you were my friend and still…. And to insinuate that our relationship is…. That I…. That you would ever…." He was actually about to raise his wand, and Lydia rushed forward, grabbing his arm, holding it firmly as he shook with anger. She wasn't sure what he was about to lash out at, but when he was this angry she didn't want to see the damage he would do with magic. Presumably, Lucius had called her a whore, no doubt in his slippery, passive-aggressive way. Perhaps something about her paying her rent in favors or something of the sort. The kind of nasty thoughts that passed through her mind when she'd lived with Sirius. "I'm going to kill him," Severus said, still very much meaning it, but with less conviction than previously. Lydia gently traced her hand up his arm, breathing deeply as she saw that he relaxed slightly at her touch, and that the higher she traced, the more he relaxed. "Please don't," she said softly. "Albus won't protect you from everything, you know. And even if he wanted to, there are some crimes he couldn't protect you from, and I think this is one of them. And Sev, I couldn't…" Severus softened suddenly, wrapping his arms around her, smoothing her hair and holding her tightly against him. "I'm not going anywhere," he promised, squeezing her tightly. "I'm never going to leave, Lydia. I'm not going anywhere." Her body seemed to lose all energy as the adrenaline began to wear off, but as her legs gave out, Severus supported her weight against him, and she didn't feel alarmed. If anything, she felt safer. A/N: So… Lucius is a meddling, self-important jerk. Which we all kind of already knew. But we're going to have a dash of Malfoy overload for a little while – while Lucius and Narcissa are fighting over whether Draco is going to Hogwarts or Durmstrang. It'll cool down and normalize once the initial shock wears off and they go back to Hogwarts and such. FYI, I am not longer in work, so this will mean at least a temporary increase in update speeds while I sort out my life and land on my feet and figure out where to go next. You're welcome. Don't bother with condolences. I'm really not that bothered by it, just annoyed that it happened so suddenly. Review Prompt: Very curious what y'all think of Severus's response to the last letter, and how Lydia handled it. Do we see this as healthy progress, or steps backward for either or both of them? To be honest, I haven't made up my mind either way. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, GilliebeanN. Welcome to the ride, and I hope you enjoy. -C Severus was getting some work done in his lab, so Lydia curled herself up on the library floor with a bowl of ice cream and the books they'd discussed adding to the list. Severus had left it up to her judgment, what they sent on the list to Albus, and she wanted to be especially careful about it, knowing that her decision would impact Severus's classes for the whole of the year. She rested her head on the leg of the table and opened the third book that day. She knew the letters would be going out terribly soon, and every time she thought of it she got a bit sick. When Harry opened his letter, how would he feel? Would he be proud? Would he be sad to have been cut off from his heritage for so long? Would he wonder why the people his parents belonged to had abandoned him? Lydia shook her head and reminded herself that thinking this way would only make her anxieties worse. She'd caught herself thinking this way several times, and every time it only became worse all the time. She took a break, going to the kitchen to put her empty bowl in the sink and make a cup of tea, and she was surprised when Severus came in a few minutes later, leaning against the wall, watching her. "Did you want some?" she asked, smiling at him. Severus shook his head. "Have you finished?" "Nearly," she sighed. "Two books to go. Are you sure you don't want to look at them?" He shook his head again, crossing to her and wrapping his arms around her waist, resting his lips on her forehead. "I trust you," he said, which caused Lydia to feel a bit lighter. Severus didn't trust people, and in many ways, she didn't think he really trusted her, but any little thing he did trust her with was a great step forward. His hands traced up her back as they stood there, and she breathed in the smell of smoke and frankincense and blood from his robes. Wound salve, she mused as one of his hands slowly grazed down her back. Lydia licked her lips lightly as she felt her pulse raise, and she wondered how long of a break he had before he needed to return to his lab. Before she could ask, he kissed her, a hungry kiss like he'd been indulging in more frequently, and Lydia melted into it, ready to see where it would go. His left hand was just moving to unbutton her blouse when the kettle began to whistle that her water was ready, and Lydia pulled away feeling sheepish, giving him a nervous smile as she poured her tea. "I really ought to finish the booklist," she said apologetically. "Erm, I expect you have plenty to do." "I was about to go shower, actually," he muttered, touching her hair. "However, you probably should…continue with your work." He kissed her again and she wanted to tell herself that she didn't need to finish right away, but she knew once she started it was really best if she finish and not allow herself to get distracted. "Go shower," she said, leaning back. "I'll finish the booklist. And then maybe you can tell me a bit about your…wound salve." He hummed, said he was impressed with her deduction, and kissed the corner of her mouth before leaving her alone with the whistling kettle. Lydia poured her tea and went back to the library, settling on the floor with her tea and turning the pages of the book, frowning at it. She wanted to be done quickly, although she couldn't see how she'd be able to finish in time to join him in the shower. Lydia managed to get through her work with some efficiency, in spite of occasional distraction from the sounds of the shower, and the sounds of him moving about upstairs afterwards. As soon as she'd made her final decisions, she drafted a quick, albeit pointedly polite, letter to Albus about the choices for the book list and hurried to send it as soon as she finished. As soon as she was finished, she packed up the books and cleaned her cup. She was about to go back to the library to file a few things for later consideration when she felt Severus's arms wrap around her waist, his hands caressing her as they went. He kissed the base of her neck gently. "I didn't hear you come in," she said, closing her eyes at the sensation of his breath on her skin. "I'm very good at stealth," he said before nibbling her neck slightly. Lydia laughed, letting her hand touch his neck and slide up, holding his head in place. She felt her breathing change as he teased her skin with his lips and teeth, and she wondered how he'd been occupying himself while she was working. She had half a mind to ask him, but it was very difficult to form any kind of words while she was so aroused. He traced his fingers up to her ears and whispered, "I've brought you something." Lydia hummed, turning around to see him pull a small vial out of his pocket, and she smiled lightly, recognizing the potion he'd made for her to feel at the levels he felt. "I've got a better idea," she said, snatching the potion out of his hand and looking him in the eye, pointedly dropping any base levels of Occlumency that she employed. Lydia was mildly pleased when he didn't seem to understand what she meant still, which meant he wasn't automatically trying to see into her mind for his answers. "Legilimency," she said, unstopporing the little vial and watching Severus's eyes go wide and his breathing change. "So you can…experience the quality of your work." He actually shivered as he watched her drink the potion and he stood, rooted, as though the way she'd surprised him had somehow immobilized him. When she'd emptied the vial she crossed to him, feeling the heavy, deep breaths as she pressed her hands to his chest and kissed him. Severus kissed back, and she turned around, pulling slightly at his lower lip as she led him out of the kitchen and carefully up the stairs by his lips. Lydia sat on the edge of their bed as soon as she found it with the back of her legs, and she was surprised when he pulled her to her feet again, carefully unbuttoning her blouse as he kissed her. "Get on the bed," he said after he undressed her, and she sat on the edge of the bed again, but he shook his head, gesturing briefly for her to move back as he unbuttoned his own shirt. Lydia watched him undress as she moved to the center of the bed. She was about to lay down when he knelt on the bed, but he pulled her back, holding her so that she was kneeling, and he began pressing kisses to her torso, front and back and sides, nipping at her skin occasionally. She could feel the potion taking hold, could feel the sensations building as he worked, until she could scarcely form intelligent thought. He seemed to sense this, and he laid her back onto the bed, his eyes burning as he touched her skin. Lydia felt her eyelids flutter but he grabbed her chin. "Don't close your eyes," he said sternly, and she opened her eyes quickly, looking up into the burning coals of his irises as he performed the spell. She was aware of the connection, of his emotions, but he was careful to allow her to be in the moment as well, not digging fully into her mind. She could feel his arousal, his desire as he touched her, and she could feel his reaction to her arousal and desire. Lydia smiled as she heard him moan against her skin as he nipped at her breast. Lydia wrapped her legs around him, feeling a kind of euphoric as she lost track of coherent thoughts. Lydia couldn't follow the train of sensations completely, but she knew as they came down from the high that she could feel that a million times over and it wouldn't be enough. "We need to do this more often," she managed to say through gasps of breath, trying to find her equilibrium as he lazily kissed and caressed her skin. Severus snorted against her collarbone and said, "Lydia, if we did this with any frequency, I would suffer a massive coronary within a year. Some things are better left as occasional pleasures." She smiled arching her back to give him better access to her skin, feeling his long fingers touch her sweat-slick skin and trace patterns along her body. She sat up after a few moments and he gave her a puzzled look. "Shower," she said, but he grabbed her wrists quickly and pressed her back down against the pillows, pointedly but without any undue force. "Do you honestly believe," he said in a low voice, "that I'm going to let you leave this bed while you look like this?" Lydia could hear her pulse in her ears, only having barely caught her breath as he placed an open-mouthed kiss on her collarbone before grazing his teeth teasingly down the valley of her breasts. She assumed the potion wouldn't last her through the whole encounter, but they were both so aroused, that it hardly took any time at all for them to release again, this time truly rubbery with exhaustion, tangled up in each other on top of their sheets. "You never did tell me," she finally said, curled up against his chest, his arms around her, resting more than holding her. "Tell you what?" he muttered, his face half-pressed into the pillow as he shifted just a bit closer. "You know all about my sexual history," she sighed. "I really don't know anything about yours." His body stiffened slightly. "There's really nothing to tell," he said quickly. "There was nothing…no relationships. You don't want to know." She sat up, frowning, looking down at him. "I do want to know," she said, feeling a rush of adrenaline she couldn't explain. "I wouldn't have asked if I didn't. What…. Tell me, please." His eyes searched her face, and she tried not to show any undue emotion in her expression. He lifted his hand to her cheek, his thumb tracing her jaw tenderly. "If I didn't know better, I'd say you were jealous," he muttered, sitting up so that their faces were level. "There's nothing to be jealous of, Lydia." "Then tell me." He closed his eyes, and she could see his throat shift around his Adam's apple as he swallowed. He took three breaths, perhaps to steady himself, perhaps as he was gathering his thoughts and deciding what to tell her, and then he began to speak. "She was a…prostitute. A stranger. A Muggle. I had just suffered a great…loss." Lydia wondered if this was after Lily got married, or after Lily died. She didn't want to know, but she couldn't help wondering. "I felt…dirty when it was over. Guilty. This is why I was so furious with Lucius. You are nothing like that woman, Lydia. You are…." Lydia wrapped her arm around his neck, pulling him in for a kiss so that he knew she didn't need to talk about it anymore. It seemed so distressing to him, having to talk about it, and she didn't see the point in dragging out his suffering. Severus responded to the kiss at once, and although they didn't heat up to a third round, he didn't get up to take a sleeping potion that night. Instead they shared kisses and touches until they were both too tired to continue, and fell asleep breathing on each other's lips. The following morning, Lydia woke to Severus kissing her skin. She enjoyed the sensation, perfectly content to allow it to continue for some time, but she was disappointed when Severus untangled himself from her and she felt him leaving the bed. She groaned her disappointment, opening her eyes slowly and reaching for him, blinking at the unfortunate brightness in the room. "Bed's cold," she said, as if this were an argument for him to stay. He watched her with an expression she couldn't describe with her drowsy mind. He leaned over the bed to kiss her, but pulled away too quickly. "I have to make breakfast," he said, and ignored her attempts to protest. As he was leaving he said, "I suppose you could have that shower now." She almost laughed at the causal nature of the suggestion, but she was definitely feeling sticky and sweaty. Lydia opted for a shower, but just a quick one, before dressing in a blue sundress she knew he liked (although he'd never said) and going down to breakfast. Lydia went about her usual routine, putting the kettle on and preparing for tea. She felt light as she went through her routines, and as Severus paused to kiss her face while cooking the sausages. They were laying out the table when the post came, a confirmation from Albus that he received the list, and a letter with a Malfoy seal. Lydia clicked her tongue in annoyance, not at all interested in the thoughts of the Malfoys. She was surprised to see Severus smile slightly as he read the address. "Relax," he said, not looking up at her. "It's addressed to both of us, and it's from Narcissa. I doubt I'll be flying into a rage and threatening to kill anyone today." Lydia wasn't so sure, but she buttered her toast as Severus opened the letter and began to scan its contents. He grew more and more amused as he read, and he set down the letter, turning it for her to read. "Just tell me what it says," she asked, picking up her tea and testing its warmth. Too warm. "She has become aware of her husband's latest letter," he said smoothly, "and she is writing to apologize." "For what?" Lydia asked. "For what he said, what he did, or what he thinks?" "All of it, of course," Severus said dryly. "His existence, I should think. She has made such an apology before." Lydia smiled, mentioned that Narcissa would probably make such apologies again, and continued to eat her breakfast, trying to forget about the matter entirely, ready to move on from their unfortunate saga with the Malfoys. She sincerely hoped it wouldn't keep inserting itself in their lives for the next seven years, and she half-hoped that Draco would end up on the continent, although Severus assured her it was not possible. "She's not such a bad person, you know," Severus said, looking at Lydia thoughtfully. "Hmm?" "Narcissa," he said, and Lydia's head jerked back with surprise, wondering where in the name of Merlin he could be headed with this line of conversation. "She's gracious, intelligent, discrete, rational." "Go ahead, sing her praises all day," Lydia said coolly. "See how far that gets you tonight." He rolled his eyes. "That is not what I mean." "She's Sirius's cousin," Lydia said darkly, "and I assure you, she didn't say gracious, discrete, rational things about me during that relationship. If she doesn't have a problem with us, perhaps it's because she feels that we're on each other's social plane, what with us being Half-bloods." "Lydia." "I'm sorry," she said bitingly. "Perhaps I'm not as rational and discrete as Madam Malfoy." His eyebrows shot up and he said, "I am not asking you to accept her or like her or anything of the sort, but I would have expected that you would treat her with some measure of decency." "I will, if she ever comes back," Lydia said, frowning. "You're not inviting her back, are you?" "What is it that's so difficult for you?" he asked, leaning toward her. "I don't understand your behavior." She rubbed the back of her neck, closing her eyes. "We should go to the park today, take a walk." "Lydia, will you just tell me what it is?" She smacked her hand down on the table, frustrated, and said, "I just want things to be the way they were, before the Malfoys kept popping around. I don't want anything to change." His eyes softened as he looked at her, frowning and considering her. He licked his lips and said, "Lydia, change is inevitable. It is a part of life. If we didn't have anything change, you and I would still be lonely, simply friends and colleagues. Change is…important." She sighed, wanting to argue with him, but she knew she didn't have a leg to stand on. She could be polite to Narcissa Malfoy, if it meant so much to Severus, and perhaps in doing so, Narcissa could keep her husband in some kind of check. "I meant it about the park, though," she said, touching his hand as she smiled weakly at him. "I'd like for us to get some air, if that's alright with you." He took her hand, kissing her fingers gently with his cool lips. "I'll change when we've finished breakfast," he said as she pulled her hand back to pick up her fork. "It's not such a bad day out there." Lydia smiled to herself, knowing he wanted to go outside as much as she did by the way he ate at a dizzying pace, practically running up the stairs to change while she did the clearing up. She finished her tea quickly, guessing it wouldn't take him long, and relished the sensation of delicious tightness in her chest, knowing that he was looking forward to the potential of being seen with her, even by neighbors or complete strangers. And she was pondering the possibility of finding a quiet tree to kiss him behind, if he could be coaxed. She had a feeling that today, he could. A/N: So, Lydia's jealous, they have sex. And Narcissa is in some agreement that her husband's ridiculous. -C
When the post came in not a full week later with three letters for Lydia, Severus immediately began swearing about the constant interference of owls. Lydia tried not to laugh, and told him that if it weren't for the occasional interference of owls, they wouldn't know what Albus expected of them for coming back to Hogwarts. "None of the owls are from Albus," he said, frowning at them. "And one of those is almost certainly from…Stanley." Somehow every time he said her publisher's name, it was as though referencing something particularly unpleasant in the room. "Indeed," she said, smirking. "He's a bit of a pest, granted, but he pays me well." Severus snorted, picking at his kippers with his fork and staring at a point over Lydia's shoulder as she read Stanley's letter first. It was a routine thing, just a notice of sales, profits, expectations, and requests. A great number of people and organizations begged a bit of her time, and Stanley always asked her before saying yes or no, not wanting to make a fool of himself because Lydia didn't do what he expected her to. She told him she wasn't interested in any appearances immediately upcoming, but that she'd happily field correspondence from the half a dozen scholars and journalists who were inquiring about her work. Then she opened another letter, which was from Abney, asking whether she and Severus had been enjoying themselves. Lydia read it out to Severus, who managed to appear mildly interested, although she knew he really couldn't be bothered with all of the attention they were getting, especially as Abney would very likely never be physically present in their lives again. "Oh," she sighed, frowning as she set the letter down. "Quirinus is coming back this year." "He hasn't written you?" Severus said, attempting to sound perfectly neutral. "Not in some time," Lydia said, pushing the letter aside. "But then, Albus probably would have said if something ate him." Severus snorted, and Lydia picked up the last letter, seeing at once the familiar script of Remus. She bit her lip, wondering whether it was really prudent to open it here, or whether perhaps she ought to go upstairs, or to the library. "I know who wrote it, Lydia," Severus said softly. "You may as well open it now." Lydia didn't bother looking sheepish. After all, she had no way to know Remus was going to write, but there was nothing wrong with trying to spare Severus some awkwardness. She opened the letter and let her eyes scan the page, ignoring the tension in Severus's shoulders. Lydia, I want to apologize wholeheartedly for my behavior lately. It is no excuse for rudeness, but I have had a difficult time of late, controlling the fluctuations in my temperament. Although it has nothing to do with me, really, I'm increasingly anxious about Harry's return to our world, the names he'll hear, the things he'll learn. Well, if he's close to Hagrid at all, he may not only hear my name, but possibly Sirius's as well. I…don't suppose it's likely, but if you do decide to talk with Harry about the past, maybe leave me out of it? It isn't that I wouldn't like to know him, but perhaps it might be a bit…much to have him accept someone like me right out of the gate. Perhaps you could tell me about him, when you've spoken to him. Or when you've seen him. Just…something. -Remus She sighed, setting down the letter, feeling a churning in her gut. She didn't really want to go out of her way to talk to Harry, but if Hagrid was going to say things…. Particularly if he started talking about Sirius…. "He makes a good point," she said softly, folding the letter up and putting it aside with the others. Her hands went immediately to her tea as Severus narrowed his eyes. "What point is this?" he asked. "Harry," she said, rubbing the back of her neck. "Most people wouldn't know, and those who do wouldn't say, but Hagrid…has a bit of a loose tongue at times." "Indeed," Severus said, frowning. "What exactly are you concerned he might say?" "Sirius," she said, after taking a long drink of her tea and setting the cup again. "I mean, I doubt it's the sort of thing he'd come out with off the top of his head, but it's possible that it would come up someday, if Harry asked the right questions, and I really don't think…." "That possibility is a long way away," Severus said softly. "I would think Potter would focus on more obvious matters, if he takes after his father. Which he no doubt will." Lydia's lips twitched as she looked down at her hands. He would, of course, refuse to see any possibility that Harry took after his mother. Lydia wasn't quite sure which would be better for her, Harry asking the right questions and dragging out Lydia's past, or Harry being blissfully ignorant and perhaps a bit too much like his father. It was probably better for Harry to have a reasonable dose of his mother, but it was very stressful to think of looking Lily in the eye again, after so many years. "I've had a thought," she said, smiling, picking up her tea. "Hmm?" "Why don't we get our shopping done today, before there's a big rush on Diagon Alley? Then we can do some of our calculations tonight." Severus considered the proposal, obviously able to tell that she was thinking to avoid Harry, avoid the Dursleys, as much as possible. It wasn't as though he could really blame her, she mused. They were horrible people, and she would have no control of herself if she was caught by surprise, running into Harry in a public place, with those monstrous people there, of all things. "I suppose that is a reasonable decision," he said, picking up his own cup of tea. "As soon as we're dressed, I don't see why we couldn't go." She finished her breakfast as quickly as possible and changed into some sensible plum robes. She then hurried down and waited at the front door, scowling slightly when Severus finally, casually, came to join her at the door. "Anyone would think you're eager to go," he said, smirking at her. "So eager indeed. Perhaps we shouldn't go after all." She simply rolled her eyes and took his hand, leading him out the door, his hand squeezed hers, holding her back once he closed the front door, and he kissed her when she turned to ask him what was wrong. Lydia allowed herself to enjoy the kiss for a moment, allowed herself to enjoy the way he didn't seem to want to let go of her hand. But he would have to, and so she pulled away quickly, knowing it wouldn't be good for them to hold hands as they Apparated, knowing that if a student saw them, or an acquaintance, they'd never live it down. Severus did let go, and they Apparated to Diagon Alley, merging into the hustle and bustle easily, making themselves ready to go about their business. Lydia pulled out the list she'd had ready for days, and led him to the bookshop first thing, as usual. For a while, Lydia and Severus went about their business, but Lydia paused when she saw a young boy – clearly eleven – rushing into the bookshop with his Hogwarts letter in hand, his eyes scanning the shop as though just by looking, he would be able to summon all his books to him and get on to more interesting things. She watched him for a moment, wondering what House he would be in, what his story was. His mother joined him, taking the list he was waving at her insistently, and checking it before leading him to a shelf in the back. "What?" Severus asked, and she realized she must have a terribly far-away look about her as she watched the little boy. "I just…thought of…something," she said, frowning as the boy's father entered and the boy was visibly dampened, and she turned away to another bookshelf as Severus's eyes scanned for what could have caught her attention. "Lydia," he said softly, "what's wrong?" She shook her head, thinking of her own first visit to Diagon Alley with her mother, who had done her best to be serene and calm amidst all the magic. It had never occurred to Lydia just how terrifying it must have been for a Muggle woman whose husband used his power to control her to suddenly be surrounded by magic, to step into a world where she was on unequal ground. Severus stopped her as she almost passed one of the books they needed, and he asked if perhaps she wanted to look at quills while he finished this portion of their list. Lydia wasn't sure exactly what he was thinking, but she did like the idea of stepping outside, even for a moment and taking a deep breath. She stepped out into the open air again and she wondered what it would be like for Petunia, bringing Harry here. She'd been so afraid of magic, beginning that first day Severus and Lydia told Lily what she was, why she could do extraordinary things, and growing worse when Lily went away to Hogwarts. How terrifying would it be now, with Lily killed by the Dark Lord and her magical nephew dumped on her doorstep? How terrifying had it been to see Lydia like that after all those years, demanding, half-crazed, to see Harry? "Lydia?" Starting at the sound of Severus's voice, Lydia turned again, frowning at his shopping bag. "That was fast," she said, and he merely nodded, leading her toward the shop where they would find their quills and ink. She tried not to let him see that she was tense as they acquired and purchased what they needed, first with stationary and then at the apothecary. When they returned to Spinner's End, Severus dropped the bags just inside the door and simply watched her take off her robes to reveal the dress underneath. For half a moment, she thought he might be looking at her with desire, but she turned to find that he was considering her with scrutiny. "Sev, I'm fine." "You weren't yourself when you tracked down the Dursleys," Severus said softly, and she shivered, realizing she hadn't shielded her mind while they were out. "And Petunia's fears are not of you, and they are not of magic. They are of her own choices." "What do you mean?" He wrapped his arms around her and said, "She chose to push her only sister away, so much that they were not speaking when Lily died, and now she must see Lily's child every day as a reminder of what she has lost. And she knows it was her choice. She knows that no matter what, Lily would have always forgiven her." Lydia wondered if that stung unbearably for him, knowing that Lily would have always forgiven her terrible sister, but she couldn't forgive him for something he never meant to say. Severus pressed his lips to her neck and she sighed, nodding as though agreeing, even though she still wasn't sure what or how she felt. "We have work to do," he said, followed by another kiss to her neck. "Hmm?" "I've given some thought to our calculations," he said, "and there's a massive, gaping hole in them that I believe we could fill with the measurements of ambient magical energy in the home." "Oh, of course," she groaned. "And the ambient energy would have been a bit higher than average, what with their not being able to leave. And James had…had just been killed." "Indeed," Severus said, as though he were simply stating that she had eaten toast in the morning. She turned and kissed him, enjoying the way he wanted to linger on her lips before he let her pull away and lead him to the spare bedroom, which she'd set up as a workspace. He sat down at the foot of the bed she'd shoved against the wall and she could feel him watching her as she pinned a fresh sheet of parchment to the board she'd erected in the room. She began to write out the equation to calculate ambient magical energy in an enclosed space. "Let's see," she said, frowning. "Rooms…six. No, seven. Persons. Three." "Don't forget the magical core of the child," Severus said softly, and Lydia amended the input for any natural magic Harry would have had at his young age. Thankfully, he hadn't done anything in the way of serious accidental magic by that way, which meant that accounting for an average core strength was reasonable. She hated calculating core strength. "Now, increase the factor of immediacy," she said softly, with the knowledge of James's murder, "and consistency." She took a step back, licking her lips to check the equation before solving. She hated getting to the end and realizing she'd made a simple mistake in the first line. "It looks complete." "And you would know because…?" She turned to Severus smiling at him, teasing. He smirked up at her and said, "Because I've been studying this particular equation lately, trying to determine if it would make a difference in the calculations. Just because this is not my area of study, Lydia, does not mean I do not find it interesting or penetrable." She hummed, leaning down to kiss him before turning back to the equation, beginning simplification and combination of ideas so that she could do the final inversion and receive the calculated variable to add to their other equations. When she worked through the different levels of the equation, she could feel Severus's eyes on her. A long-forgotten memory surfaced of her Arithmancy exams, of Sirius simply watching her as she took her exam, waiting until finished and left before beginning his own. It was eerie, the sensation of someone watching her work, and she had forgotten how much. Once Sirius had her, he hadn't bothered watching her work, often. He was too busy with the Order, or whatever he was doing, or he was trying to seduce her. It seemed those were their only activities, once they were together. Lydia's hand stopped and she took a step back, frowning at the work. She felt a small chill on her spine, and Severus asked softly what was wrong. "N-nothing," she lied. "Just looking for errors." She held her breath as he stood, crossing to her, wrapping his arms about her waist. Lydia closed her eyes and touched his hands feeling the coolness of his skin under her fingertips. "What's wrong, Lydia?" "It's just…a bit odd," she said softly, "having someone watch me work. I'm used to…to…" "To shutting yourself up in a room for hours on end in a fit of academic fervor, yes," he said, a touch amused. "And I am rather used to working in much the same way, except when I can work with you." Lydia leaned her head back against Severus's chest and said, "Yes, but I don't watch you work." "If you find it offensive or uncomfortable, I will stop," he said, kissing her neck. "I simply enjoy the expression you have when you concentrate. It is…controlled." "Controlled?" she said, puzzled. She turned to look up at him, and hummed, pressing his forehead to hers. He touched her chin and said, "It's where you're in your element. You're more…at peace with yourself when you're working on equations than anywhere else in the world. It…it suits you." She supposed she didn't have any sort of argument on that, so she turned back to the board, working again, ignoring the fact that Severus hadn't let go, but instead was holding her waist as she worked through the equations, adding the ambient magical energy into their previous work. She stuck her tongue between her teeth and bit down gently as she achieved a coordinate set, which was not unusual with this many dimensions involved. When she mapped out the coordinates on an empty segment of the board, she felt her breath catch. Her finger traced the dots she'd mapped, like a star chart, feeling the parchment's balance of rough and smooth against her fingertip as she formed a lightning bolt with her finger. She traced the motion back up to the top and said softly, "What do you know about curse scars?" "Not as much as I should," Severus said, and she could hear his frown. "But almost certainly more than you." Lydia hummed, pulling free from Severus's hold to get a more complete view of their work. Curse scars were certainly something they would have to give more thought to. Lydia rubbed her jaw, thinking of what the papers had speculated on the shape of the scar on Harry's forehead – now famous as the boy himself – and what it could mean, whether it would cause Harry any positive or negative impact in his later life. Lydia couldn't ignore now that the shape was significant, although she'd long ignored the significance. She inhaled deeply, chewing on the inside of her lip as she looked back over her information. There was something in front of her she couldn't overlook, and it was that the lightning shape of the scar was significant. But what could it signify? "I'll need to go back to London soon," she said, frowning. "Books?" Lydia hummed. She was beginning to regret not paying more attention to thinks like runes before, because now she would have to start from scratch, looking for that symbol anywhere that could give her some kind of answer, some sort of clue. Severus suggested that they take a break, have some tea, and Lydia couldn't argue. Until she had a book in her hands, she wouldn't even begin to know where to turn next. She took Severus's hand and followed him down to the kitchen, unable to shake the strange sensation of gliding through someone else's body for the rest of the day. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, Gargan. Welcome to the family! Sorry for the delay… I've had a lot of things in life to organize. Expect more updates as I try to get caught up! Review Prompt: What d'you think the scar might mean? What could it reveal, and will Lydia be allowed to find out? -C
Lydia brushed her hair out while Severus made breakfast, and she thought that perhaps she would make a trip to Fortescue's, if she had the time, as she didn't get to stop by there nearly as often as she would like. Severus did not understand the point of ice cream. She pulled on a plum-colored sundress and went down to the kitchen, where Severus was just setting their plates on the table. "You look lovely," he said, kissing her cheek. "You don't wear that dress enough." "Well, we live in Scotland much of the year," she said, smirking as she poured the tea, "and I have to wear robes so often." He hummed, surprising her with kisses as she began to stir honey into his tea, and she started before wrapping her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. She bit down on his lower lip and he actually gasped, adjusting his hold on her abruptly so that he could pull her closer. Lydia smiled to herself, enjoying the hints of his desire, even so early in the morning. Tapping of an owl on the window caused Lydia to start, but Severus didn't let her pull away straight off. She tried to slip out of the kiss to deal with the insistent tapping of the owl, but she was stopped by Severus taking her lip between his teeth and tugging slightly, as though demanding her attention. She laughed slightly, enjoying how her body began to ache in response to Severus's attentions, and she kissed him back for a moment before the owl raised its level of tapping and she managed to pull away from the kiss. "No," she argued as he tried to reel her back in. "If we don't let that thing in, it's going to tap a hole through the bloody window." Severus growled a carnal, delicious sort of sound in the base of his throat, but he let her go. She let in the owl, gave it some water, and frowned at the letter, which bore a Hogwarts seal. Severus was sipping his tea when she crossed to the counter again, picking up her own tea and scanning the address. "Albus?" Severus said, sharing her frown. "What could that man possibly want now?" "Don't know," she said, turning it back over to look at the seal. "But it's addressed to me." Severus's curiosity was clearly piqued, and he watched intently as she opened the letter. She unfolded it and spread it out on the table, skimming over the usual greetings, pleasantries, and filler before she got to the heart of why he'd bothered writing. It seemed, he told her, that Harry had yet to respond to his Hogwarts letters – she wondered why he wrote it as plural, but Albus didn't make those sorts of mistakes – and so it would take a bit longer for him to be able to confirm anything about Harry's situation for her. There was more to the letter, but a brief glance told her it was more cursory nonsense and she pushed it aside, staring at the eggs and mushrooms on her plate. "What's wrong?" Severus asked. It was a very good question. What was wrong? What could possibly be the purpose for Harry not answering the letter? Was it possible that he didn't want to go? Or had he somehow not gotten the letter, the Dursleys keeping it from him? Or had he read it and they flatly told him he wasn't going to go? She began to feel panic, and she stood abruptly, but she wasn't completely sure why. Severus seemed alarmed as he asked again what was wrong. "Harry's not responded to his letter," she said, pulling at her hair slightly, trying to figure out what to do, what there was to be done. "I've got to go to Surry," she resolved. "I need to see why he hasn't answered. I need to convince them, him, everyone. He has to go to Hogwarts." "Lydia." She wasn't listening. She strolled out of the kitchen, looking for a sweater that matched her dress. It wouldn't do to turn up in a place like Privet Drive in robes, certainly. "Lydia," Severus said, almost sternly this time, following her into the hall and stopping her before she picked up a white sweater. It really needed to be ironed, she mused as he turned her around. "Will you just stop for a moment and consider what you're proposing?" "Yes," she said, brushing hair out of her face and wondering vaguely how it got there. "I'm going to knock some sense into Petunia." He bit the inside of his cheek and said, "As pleasant and admittedly attractive as it is to see you this…forceful, you must recognize that Albus has managed Potter's situation very carefully, and if you go barging in there, it could cause a great deal of damage." "So, what?" she said, trying to calm herself as Severus wrapped his arms around her waist, as much to make sure she didn't bolt for the door as anything else, she imagined. "You think I should just sit here and do nothing?" "Hardly," he said, smirking. "Write Albus a strongly worded letter. You can even ask him whether it would be possible for you to…pay the Dursleys a visit. He might approve, if he thinks it would be helpful. But not like this." He kissed her and Lydia pulled away, ready to write the letter, but Severus growled slightly in frustration. "Why waste all this aggression," he said, attempting to kiss her again, and Lydia almost laughed at how eager he was. "Because our breakfast will go cold," she reminded him, and kissed his lips lightly before she led him back into the kitchen. She'd never seen him stab eggs with such vigor before but she filed this away in her mind, wondering if she'd manage to make this situation work for her in future. She wasn't one for being forceful in the bedroom, but if it made Severus this excited, it might be worth the occasional consideration. As soon as she finished breakfast, she wrote her letter to Albus and sent it off, wishing she could force him to reply immediately. Of course, he had all sorts of other considerations and she was probably quite low on his priority list for the moment. When she resigned herself to this fact, she put on some robes over her dress and went down to the front hall to grab the spare keys. "Where are you going?" Severus asked, eyes narrowed and obviously still very annoyed by her turning him down in preference to breakfast. "Relax," she said, touching his face and kissing the corner of his mouth, noting how tense he was before she slipped the keys in her pocket. "I have to get books, remember? Is there anything you need me to get while I'm out?" "No," he said, a bit sharply, and then he relaxed slightly, kissing her once more before she pulled away, and she told him she wouldn't be too long before she stepped out of the front door, walked to a nearby alleyway, and Disapparated. She felt slightly nauseous, as she sometimes did, as she reappeared in London, but she steadied herself quickly and went to Flourish and Blotts straight away. It was harder than she had expected to find the books she was looking for, as Lydia did not have a very strong understanding of the topics she was researching. She looked for names of scholars she recognized, comprehensive books, and a couple of books she recalled Lily and Remus using when they were in Hogwarts, which guaranteed a certain level of quality, even if it might be a bit out of date. In total, she purchased eighteen books, and she had the cashier help her lighten the bags so she could carry them comfortably. She was more determined than ever to have some ice cream. Fortescue greeted her warmly, suggesting she have strawberry-peanut butter ice cream, which Lydia agreed to, telling him it sounded perfect. "Quite a few books," he said as he handed her the bowl. "Doing research?" "Yes," she sighed, frowning. "I know so little about runes, and it's proving to be a gap in my education." "They're very important," he said with a wink. "Enjoy." She sat down in the sun outside of the parlor, looking up at the shoppers as she enjoyed her ice cream. It was a pleasant diversion, and over far too quickly. She was about to go when she saw a familiar face milling up the alleyway. "Remus!" she called out, mostly without thinking, and she was astonished and mildly embarrassed – although she didn't know why – when he turned his attention to her and his eyes widened slightly with recognition. "Oh," he said, his voice polite, cordial, as he crossed to her. "Lydia. How are you?" "I'm…well," she said, although she wasn't sure why she didn't invite him to sit, didn't tell him about her frustrations with Albus, her wall in her research. They certainly had plenty of things to talk about, and yet neither of them were giving off any signs of wanting to sit and chat. Knowing Remus, he'd want to chat later when there was much less to say, and knowing herself, Lydia knew she'd accommodate him. For the moment, though, they were not being productive. "You look it," he said, smiling tightly. "Book shopping, I see." "Yes," she said, inhaling sharply. If she was going to tell him about her research issues, now was the time to do it. "I was just leaving," she said on the exhale. "Oh, right," he said, glancing at the bag again. "I'm arriving. Apothecary. I'm…. Well, I'm low on everything." He'd just been paid for something, no doubt, and he was stocking up on essentials he'd been doing without. She hummed her acknowledgement, although she could see in his eyes that he knew she could see the truth of the matter. It was a testament to how long and well they'd known each other that neither bothered to appear uncomfortable about the unspoken truth anymore. "I won't keep you," she said, standing and picking up her bag. They said brief, painfully cordial words of parting, and they went their separate ways. Lydia didn't glance back, even to see if he glanced back, knowing that she'd only look foolish if she did. She Disapparated at the designated location and arrived back in Cokeworth laden with her books, walking to Spinner's End and unlocking the front door. She was surprised to hear voices in the kitchen, but she set the keys down in their usual place and removed the robes, hastily, in case neighbors had assaulted Severus with quiche while she was out. She crossed into the kitchen and started at the sight of Narcissa sitting with Severus at the kitchen table, tea in front of each of them. Severus looked up at the books and said, "Ah, you've finished. How was the shopping?" "Laborious," she said, glancing at Narcissa, who looked at the bag with interest. Lydia wondered if the interest was genuine or feigned, but she didn't care enough to truly consider it. She set the bag down and crossed to the kettle, deciding she wasn't about to be the only one without tea. "Hello, Lydia," Narcissa said, not unkindly. "Severus mentioned you were out to get some things for research." "I was," Lydia said, sitting down, aware that she was being a bit short. Severus's lips twitched and he moved his chair closer, wrapping his arm around her waist in an obvious display, clearly meant more to assuage Lydia's concerns than for any benefit of Narcissa's. Although the gesture was appreciated, Lydia wasn't ready to relax just yet. She leaned toward Severus slightly, which he took advantage of to kiss her cheek, which seemed to surprise Narcissa as much as it surprised Lydia. Clearly, he was at ease in front of Narcissa. "I just came around," Narcissa said, recovering her composure quickly, "because I felt Severus deserved to hear in person that Lucius has capitulated and is allowing Draco to go to Hogwarts. And I would like to thank you, actually." "Me?" Lydia asked, puzzled. "You were one of the deciding factors," Narcissa said calmly, picking up her teacup with a delicate grip. "Oh, I don't pretend not to know the sort of trash my husband has said, in my presence or otherwise, but he cannot disregard the tremendous respect you command in academic communities. Lucius is a man who wants the best for his son, and you are certainly the best." "Indeed, she is," Severus said, with a great deal of seriousness behind his words, and Lydia felt a rush of inexplicable pride. "It's really nothing," Lydia said dismissively. "I've just been lucky and worked hard." "Hardly," Severus said, leaning his head toward hers. "You've achieved luck and excellence to such levels that anyone not willing to term you a genius would an idiot." Narcissa's lips twitched, and she quickly took a drink of her tea. Lydia could feel her cheeks going hot, and she wondered if perhaps Severus wasn't making a big fuss for Lydia's benefit for some reason, although she couldn't imagine why. The two women listened as Severus gave a short list of Lydia's accomplishments, stressing how remarkable it was that she published while they were still in school. "I suppose you're both very busy," Narcissa said, setting down her finished tea. "I hope you found what you needed in the bookshop. I will leave you, but perhaps we could have tea sometime next week, Lydia." "Oh," Lydia said, blinking, astonished at the question. "I…. Yes, I suppose that would be fine." Narcissa stood and Severus was about to stand, but the pale woman waved her hand dismissively and said, "Don't be ridiculous, Severus. I am more than capable of seeing myself out. Have a lovely afternoon." As soon as the front door closed, Lydia muttered, "I wonder why on earth she would want to have tea with me." "Oh, there are plenty of reasons," Severus said, kissing Lydia's jaw before collecting his and Narcissa's empty teacups and washing them while Lydia finished her tea. "For one, she gets very lonely, you know. There's only so many people she can socialize with, and most of them are insipid and mindless. You also wouldn't know this, but Narcissa was always quite talented at Arithmancy. She's kept up to date on your work, you know. I believe she's someone, rare though they might be, who could have a proper conversation with you about your work." This was surprising to Lydia, who had never given much thought to Narcissa as an intellectual being. Of course, she'd gone to school, but it wasn't as though she'd put her NEWTs to use. Then again, Lydia thought darkly, there were all sorts of ways to use those NEWTs, and Lily and James and Sirius had used them to fight a war, not make a living. If Narcissa Malfoy didn't need to make a living, she might find other ways to use her skills. "I take it you want me to be friends with her," Lydia said dryly, setting down her mostly-empty teacup as he dried the other two. Severus frowned at the cup he was holding and said, "It wouldn't hurt for you to have a few more friends, Lydia. Merlin knows you used to have plenty of friends. It isn't your fault, and you shouldn't have to suffer those loses. You could do far worse than Narcissa, as far as friends go." Lydia forced a laugh, which probably sounded more bitter than amused, and she said, "You do know that Narcissa comes with Lucius as baggage." "Oh, I am quite aware," Severus said, his lips turning to a wry smirk. "His bark has always been worse than his bite, and I have long found that having Narcissa's friendship is worth putting up with his occasional bluster. I'm not making you have tea with the woman, though, and if you don't want to, you could always say something's come up, or simply tell her you don't want to associate with her. She's a practical woman, and she wouldn't be offended." But Severus knew Lydia well enough to know that she could never do that, no matter how practical of a woman Narcissa Malfoy was. It just didn't seem right, agreeing to meet with someone and then cancelling when it wasn't absolutely necessary. If tea went poorly, Lydia told herself, she didn't need to agree to meet the woman again. But perhaps it would be practical to hear Narcissa Malfoy out. After all, while Draco was at Hogwarts, the Malfoys were likely to be a part of their lives, and if Lydia and Severus were friendly with Narcissa, it was bound to go easier. "Now," Severus said, crossing to Lydia and taking her tea from her, setting it aside, and looking at her with those impenetrable black eyes. "I do believe we had plans for something when you got back from your shopping." It took all her effort to keep her lips from twitching at his very obvious attempts to take her to bed before they even bothered with lunch. "Oh, yes," she said, eagerly. "We've got loads of reading to do. I've got a whole stack of books for us to go through." His eyes flashed and he seemed to hesitate, trying to decide whether or not she truly meant this, or whether he would have to seduce her away from the plan to read. Her lips twitched in spite of her efforts and he growled low in his throat, practically scooping her up from her chair as she protested, and led her upstairs, determined to salvage something of the passion that had built between them that morning, even if she wasn't in quite as aggressive a mood. She just accepted the searing kiss he placed on her lips and melted into the rest of her day. Work could begin again in the morning. A/N: So, Harry's having delivery issues, Severus is turned on by aggression, and Lydia has a tea date with Narcissa Malfoy. Review Prompt: What d'you think Albus is going to say about her letter? -C
Lydia very nearly screamed with frustration as she read Albus's letter. Severus looked up from spreading butter on his toast, startled at the strangled sound that did escape her lips. His eyes widened as she pulled the letter between her hands, crumpling it as she tore it, not quite in half. He opened his mouth slightly, as though about to speak, but Lydia let out another frustrated, strangled sound and he froze again, like one not wanting to scare away a startled animal. "Hagrid's on the case," she said, repeating a line from the letter. "Hagrid's on the bloody case, as if that's supposed to make it all fine." "Potter?" he asked, his voice so soft it almost sounded like velvet. But it did nothing to assuage the anger in Lydia, boiling over. "Hagrid of all the bloody people!" she said, feeling the urge to throw something, but not having anything satisfactory to throw. Instead, she stabbed violently at her kippers. "He's nice enough, but he doesn't know anything about Muggles, about the Dursleys. And he's not exactly reliable." Severus said nothing, just watching her eviscerate her food. After several minutes of ranting while stabbing at her plate, she tossed the fork down and stood. "I'm going," she said, heading for the hall. "Going where?" Severus demanded, following her swiftly. He moved in front of the door as she fished for a jumper. "Lydia, where do you suppose you're going?" "Surrey," she snapped. "No," Severus said firmly, and with remarkable calm. "No, Lydia, you're not. You're going to write another letter to Albus expressing your concerns in a rational manner, and then you're going to finish eating breakfast. You have tea with Narcissa today, or had you forgotten?" In her rage, she had, in fact, forgotten all about the arrangements she'd made with Narcissa Malfoy. In her mind, it was hardly relevant. The matter about Harry couldn't possibly wait. He was turning eleven very soon, and she wasn't about to piddle around while he was going through Merlin knows what. "Lydia!" Severus said sharply, snatching the white jumper out of her hands and tossing it aside. "If I have to force you to be sensible, I will." "And how would you do that?" she asked, her nostrils flared. "Shoving potions down my throat? You know I'd never forgive you. Unforgivable Curses, perhaps? Do you think you could sleep at night, knowing you'd done something like that to me? Don't make idle threats, Severus." "Idle?" he said, grabbing her wrists, startling her, this time. "Lydia, don't you ever dare think that I wouldn't do everything necessary to protect you from yourself. We are not going back to how things were at the end of the war, and if that means you have to hate me for it, or that I have to break a few laws, well, we've been there before. Do you understand me? I have done things you couldn't possibly imagine to protect you, and I won't let it go to waste because of your misplaced survivor's guilt." Lydia shivered, unable to stop wondering what it is he'd supposedly done. Her imagination dreamed up scenarios where he'd done all kinds of things, and then wiped her memory. She wanted to believe he wouldn't, but when he gave her that look, when his voice took that smooth, dangerous tone… For a moment, she half-believed he'd killed her parents, but she knew he couldn't have. Could he? She hadn't realized she was trembling until he sighed, letting go of her wrists and wrapping his arms around her, holding her to his chest like someone cradling a frightened child. "I won't hurt you," he whispered, kissing the top of her head. She felt him inhale sharply, and she slowly wrapped her arms around him. "I'm sorry, Lydia. I shouldn't have…. I'm not going to hurt you." One of his hands slipped up her pack and clutched at the back of her head, holding her against his chest firmly as he kissed the top of her head again. It was pleasant, comfortable, warm to be held like this. But Lydia couldn't shake the horrible sensation that he'd done something truly terrible some time in their past, and she was too afraid to ask what it might have been. When they had both suitably calmed, Lydia extracted herself from Severus's arms and did exactly as he'd asked – she finished her breakfast, changed, and wrote a letter to Albus that calmly expressed her extreme dissatisfaction and requested permission to contact the Dursleys. Severus didn't supervise these activities, exactly, but he didn't begin brewing for the day until she'd finished. Instead, he sat in an armchair in their front room, reading one of the many books she'd purchased for their research, occasionally glancing up to see how she was progressing when it was time to turn the page. "Do you want a sandwich before you lock yourself away in your workspace?" Lydia teased as he set the book down, stretching, almost as soon as she put the kettle on. "Just the one," he said, preparing a cup for himself, probably to take with him. He kissed her cheek and she tried not to tense, but her nerves were still raw from that morning. He sighed, turning his face away from her. She could see that he was biting the inside of his cheek, but she didn't try to make him turn around. Instead, she laid out tea and combed her hair out properly, knowing that Narcissa would look immaculate, and she watched Severus retreat with his tea and his sandwich wordlessly. She wondered vaguely why Severus was so insistent that she follow Albus's rules on this, when he usually cared very little for what Albus thought. She breathed in very deeply, expecting there were things Severus wasn't allowed to tell her. It was easier to believe than something like him simply not wanting her to bond with Lily's child. And he was right, she mused. This probably had a lot to do with her survivor's guilt. Before she could pick that apart, she heard the sharp wrap of knuckles on the front door, clean and crisp and without undue force. Lydia smoothed her hair again and hurried to answer the door, feeling totally out of her depth. The last time she'd sat down for tea with someone who wasn't Remus or Severus or a colleague was during the war – with Lily. Narcissa looked impeccably groomed, and her charcoal robes were classy, but understated. Still, Lydia had a sense that they were worth more than Spinner's End. "Please, come in," Lydia said, and Narcissa followed her in, going through to the kitchen, where Lydia had laid out tea. She reminded Lydia how she took her tea, and the two women each grabbed a sandwich, sitting in stiff silence as Lydia wondered what to say. "Usually," Narcissa said, mildly amused, "when I go to tea, it's a horribly stuff affair with people I don't particularly like. Nothing like the tea parties I used to put on with my sister." Lydia blinked, puzzled for a moment, trying to picture Bellatrix playing tea parties, but then she realized that Narcissa meant Andromeda. Lydia relaxed slightly. "I was an only child," Lydia said, frowning, glancing at the window, although she couldn't see her childhood home from the angle she was sitting at. "I didn't ever play tea parties. I…didn't play much of anything, actually. It must have been nice, having sisters." Narcissa sipped her tea delicately, and when she lowered her cup she said, "It had its good and bad days. Andromeda was lovely, but Bella…. Well, you know about Bella." She hesitated. "Many things my cousin will have said about our family were…not exaggerated, but perhaps colored by his childhood dissatisfaction. Bella's not one of those things, I'm afraid." Lydia shivered slightly, setting down her tea and frowning at the sandwich, recalling that Bellatrix blew up the house she and Sirius had been living in. Had that been a plan to throw Dumbledore off the scent? Had she waited purposefully for a time when Sirius and Lydia were not at home? Was that why Sirius hadn't been annoyed with her bringing her research to Godric's Hollow? "I don't particularly want to talk about Sirius," Lydia said, her voice tight. "Sev tells me you have some skill with Arithmancy." Narcissa smiled a loose, genuine smile and said, "He's too kind to my abilities, as always. But I was not hopeless, and I've maintained an interest, yes." Lydia relaxed slightly and said, "It's rare to see people who practice Arithmancy out of mere interest in the subject." "Well, I have very few possible interests open to me," Narcissa said, taking a second sandwich with delicate fingers. "And many of them are insipid. Surely there are interests outside of your work that you have maintained." Humming thoughtfully, Lydia glanced at her tea. "Well, I do help Severus brew sometimes. I expect he doesn't need me, and he'd probably brew more efficiently without me, but he humors me." Narcissa smiled and glanced toward the kitchen door before taking a few sips of tea. Then she said, "You really are quite a revelation." "What?" Lydia asked, uncomfortable again. "I've never known two people harder to please," Narcissa said, "forgive me, than my cousin and Severus. I know little about my cousin's relationship with you, but by all accounts he was helplessly infatuated. And I've never seen Severus look at anyone or anything the way he looks at you." Lydia felt heat pool in her cheeks and she cleared her throat, hiding behind her teacup. It wasn't comfortable to speculate on what feelings Sirius may or may not have had for her, and she didn't like other people talking about the way Severus looked at her. Although she hadn't given it much thought, there was something very private about the way Severus looked at her, even when there wasn't any heat in his gaze. "Well," Lydia said, not sure how to move forward, "we've known each other a very long time." As though that accounted for anything, Lydia thought glumly as Narcissa's smile took on a knowing quality that reminded Lydia of Artemis. Narcissa then let the conversation rest on academic matters, discussions of various Arithmancers and their work, what Lydia made of them, how Narcissa considered them, so that they had almost the entirety of the modern discipline organized efficiently from top to bottom on how the two women rated them. It happened that Lydia and Narcissa thought very similarly about many things, in Arithmancy, at any rate. By the time the clock chimed the hour, they had quite lost track of time altogether, all awkwardness worked away through companionable conversation. Narcissa started at the sound of the clock, and she blinked up at it. "That time already?" she said, almost owlishly. "Really? Well, I suppose I should be going, then. Tea was lovely, Lydia. Give my regards to Severus, won't you?" "Yes, of course," Lydia said, standing, walking Narcissa out. The other woman pulled on gloves before stepping back out into the Muggle street, and Lydia noticed that Narcissa's gaze fell on the house across the street before she said her final words of parting. Lydia wondered whether Narcissa was trying to imagine Lydia growing up in that house, what her childhood had been like, what living in it alone would have been. Lydia glanced over at the house, frowning at the sight of the backs of several heads through the front windows, and a television screen flashing. Her father would be rolling over in his grave, a television in their home. Probably for the best, she thought, closing the door. "Did I hear Narcissa leaving?" Severus asked, poking out his head. "You just missed her," Lydia said, and he came out, wiping a bit of sweat from his forehead with his sleeve. "That's just as well," he sighed. "Tea?" "No, thanks." "Butterbeer, then?" he said, his smirk tight as she nodded. So, they were going to pretend the whole altercation never happened, at least for the moment. Lydia wasn't eager to hash it out again, especially not after she'd had such a pleasant afternoon. Severus didn't seem to want to talk about it, not that he was much for talking things out, anyway. They'd likely have to do a great deal more shouting before they reached that point. So, she sat in the front room with a book and accepted the butterbeer without a word, and Severus sat rather closer to her than she expected, his tea in hand as he grabbed another book. When he was about to say something, the sound of an owl tapping on the kitchen window startled Lydia, who checked her watch. It was hardly the usual time for post, but Lydia wasn't going to argue with an excuse not to sit in the awkward silence of the front room. She got up to get the mail, not missing that Severus raised his hand to brush hers as she went by. She licked her lips as she entered the kitchen, letting in the owl and giving it some water. "Hello, there," she said, taking the letter and frowning at the Hogwarts seal. She couldn't recall a time when Albus was so immediate with correspondence, except on rare occasions during the war. Could it be a good sign? She didn't think so. When she opened the letter, she hated the fact that she knew Albus so well, as she read his very kind, but very stern words telling he that she was, under no condition, to contact the Dursleys. No contact. That didn't just mean going to Surrey. That covered letters, telephone calls, even telegrams if she could find a place that still did telegrams. She sighed, sitting down at the kitchen table, feeling a horrible sensation of sinking in her chest. She struggled to swallow, and she heard Severus call out to ask if everything was alright. Lydia tried to answer, but she couldn't find her voice. He came in, perhaps to make sure she was still there, and he asked again. Lydia held out the letter, which he took and read, frowning slightly at the end of it, glancing at her again as she dug at a small nick in the table with her thumbnail. "I thought as much," he said softly. "You're…not angry?" "Oh, I'm angry," she said, digging at the nick more forcefully. "I'm just…tired." Severus's hand moved to her wrist, and he lifted her hand away from its objective with surprising gentleness. She almost pulled away from him, but she was too tired to fight about it anymore. She didn't even feel that throwing something would make it better. "What if he's not at Hogwarts?" she asked, horrified. "What if Hagrid fails?" "I assure you, Lydia," Severus said softly, "that whatever it takes, Albus will not allow for Potter not to be at Hogwarts. He will be there." Lydia knew he was probably right, but she couldn't get rid of the feeling in her gut, telling her that there was more she could do. She'd failed Harry before, and she felt that she was failing him now, and she knew it was wrong. If she'd been the one who died and left an orphaned child, she knew Lily would have stopped at nothing to care for and protect that child. And Lydia had, for lack of a better word, given up. "Are you sure you're not…a little bit angry?" he prompted, and she almost smiled, recognizing that he was hoping to have aggressive sex. She laughed, looking up at him and seeing the hunger in his face. It was a shame she found it amusing, really, because she'd practically forgotten all her anger toward him for the day. "I'm afraid I'm not as angry as you'd obviously like," she said, letting her fingers brush his across the table. "I just wish I knew something to do." "I could think of a few things," he said softly, and she laughed again. "I mean about Harry," she corrected, standing and stretching. "But I don't suppose there's anything, is there?" Severus did not answer the question. Instead, he watched her walk around the table to him as the owl left the room, pausing the close the window. She stood right in front of him for several breaths and they simply stared at each other, both nonverbally daring the other to speak first. Lydia couldn't stand the silence, but she couldn't speak, either. Instead she traced her hand up his chest to his neck before pressing her face to his neck and letting his arms wrap around her. "I know," he said. She'd been thinking of how exhausted she was, and that must have been what he was talking about. Severus pressed kisses on the top of her head and they stood until she swayed slightly on the spot. She didn't argue when he led her upstairs and they simply lay together in bed, his arms around her as they breathed, shared occasional soft kisses, and said not a word. After what felt like hours, Lydia said softly, "You've never wiped my memory, have you?" Severus laughed, kissing her forehead. "Lydia, only a fool wipes the memory of someone they plan to see frequently. The chances of the memory resurfacing become much higher, or accidentally saying the wrong thing." Lydia hummed her acknowledgment that this was a sensible way of looking at the matter, and she was surprised when Severus kissed her firmly, but still very tenderly. "Besides," he said, "no matter what, I would rather face your anger than take such a measure. Even if it meant I lost you again. Only…" He inhaled through his teeth, audibly. "I hope that whatever might…. That whatever pain I may eventually cause you, that you won't…won't…." He inhaled again and Lydia frowned, kissing the corner of his mouth. What would have him so upset? "Don't worry," she said, pressing her face to his neck. "I can't imagine leaving." A/N: Lydia and Narcissa have tea, Albus tells Lydia to NOT contact the Dursleys, and Severus says some worrying/cryptic things Review Prompt: What one household chore do you think both Severus and Lydia avoid? Like how some couples keep praying the other will clean the bathroom… -C
That Lydia received mail was not in itself surprising in any way. In fact, this summer she felt she'd received rather a lot of it, and Severus hadn't been particularly surprised by this, either. The part that seemed to have him unsettled, to say the least, was that Narcissa had written Lydia a letter. And not just any letter. Three sheets of parchment, all in elegant, even hand of someone who was used to long correspondence in a way Lydia hadn't been since she was in school. When Lydia pulled the letter out of its envelope, Severus's fork dropped to his plate with a resounding clatter, and Lydia raised her eyebrows at him. "Am I not allowed to get mail?" she said, teasing. "I hadn't expected…" Severus muttered. "Well, having tea is one thing. That's…a very long letter." "Yes, it is, rather," Lydia said, shuffling through the pages, scanning the words to get a sense of what Narcissa had written about. "May I ask…?" Lydia's lips twitched at the corners and she said, "We're not gossiping about you, if that's your concern, Sev. I seriously doubt there's much I could tell her that she doesn't already know or guess." "I imagine there's plenty," Severus said softly. Lydia shivered, thinking of how many times she'd seen Severus and his mother be beaten by Tobias. She thought of how he'd disposed of the bodies, cleaned the skeletons out of the closet – so to speak. She wondered how much Narcissa really knew or guessed about Severus's youth. Lydia certainly wouldn't speak of it beyond vague platitudes about being there for each other when they needed it. "It's mostly about an article she read," Lydia said softly, "and continuation of our conversation from tea the other day. You're perfectly welcome to read it when I've finished, if you don't believe me." Severus snorted and said, "Lydia, I trust you and Narcissa to have a conversation without my having to moderate it. You're grown women." Lydia pursed her lips and began to read the letter in earnest, ignoring the fact that he often tried to read the letters Remus sent her, when he sent them. Perhaps it was different because Narcissa was a woman, or because she had been Severus's friend first. Maybe he was just choosing his battles. Severus made tea while she read her letter, actually fetching a quill so she could mark it in green ink to highlight some of Narcissa's more poignant thoughts and observations. Narcissa had a rudimentary understanding of some of the more recent leaps forward in Arithmantic theory, but her classical understanding was remarkably sophisticated. Lydia spent so much time on the cutting edge of her subject that sometimes she got lazy with the classical methods, and it was good to have a reminder of it from time to time. When Severus set the tea in front of her, Lydia murmured her thanks and looked around the kitchen, trying to decide what to do first. She had to respond to the letter, to get her thoughts into notes to consider later, and to continue fishing through the books on the research she was doing with Severus. She supposed she'd respond to the letter first. She summoned fresh parchment, which floated into the kitchen as Severus stirred honey into his tea, and Lydia began to write, slightly self-conscious about the less-than-elegant script of her own writing compared with the beautiful writing of Narcissa. Lydia's handwriting was compact, neat, legible, practical. There was nothing graceful or grand in it, but it was functional. This seemed to be a trend in her line of work, and one Lydia had never really considered, but she had to face it now. "I've been thinking," Lydia said as she wrote to Narcissa, correcting a few misconceptions and suggesting some reading. She added a few well-wishes for the health of Narcissa and her family. It was only polite, even if she wouldn't mind Lucius suffering severe gout. "Maybe we're looking at the symbol the wrong way." "How do you mean?" Severus asked, setting down his tea as she signed the letter. "Well, all the books we're looking through, all the symbols people have used – they're all representations of things people have seen or experienced. Known magic." "Yes." She set down her quill and flexed her hand, looking up at Severus. She reached for her tea and held it to her face, feeling the steam tickle her nose. "As far as I'm aware," she said slowly, "what happened with Harry is completely unique. Nobody's ever survived the Killing Curse, in the whole of recorded history, so it's possible – in fact, highly probable, that the symbol hasn't been recorded in history, because it may never have been observed before." Severus hummed, rubbing his eyebrow and frowning. "Curse scars are very strange things," he said. "If you could access the Department of Mysteries, they might have more information, but they wouldn't grant you access, not even for something like this." Lydia hummed, taking a small sip of her tea, setting the cup down again. Too warm. "Maybe I need more information," she said, stretching her toes. "Perhaps I need more information on the curse itself." She was surprised when Severus nearly knocked over his tea, his eyes widening. "You've already taken measurements," he said, a little too quickly. "Yes, but I know very little of the theory of the spell," she said, shrugging. "Why the green light? How do the essences of the killer and victim combine in the moment of enactment? There's always a mingling of essence when a spell is done, and something so permanent must leave traces on the killer, of some sort." "Lydia," Severus said, clearly paler than he'd been that morning, "just stop. Drop it." "Why?" she asked, but before he could answer, there was a knock at the door. They exchanged a glance, nonverbally asking if they were expecting anyone before Severus mouthed "quiche" and Lydia nodded, standing and going to answer the door. She was already thinking of how to get the neighbors to go away as quickly as possible when she opened the door, startled to see Albus Dumbledore standing there. "Oh," she said, not sure if she was relieved or concerned. "You've…you've got news? About Harry?" "Hagrid is working on the matter," Albus said, smiling kindly. "I've actually come to discuss you." "Me?" she said, seeing the neighbors eyeing Albus with interest as they walked out to their car. "Come in, please." He did, and she shut the door quickly, calling out that it was only Albus as she led the headmaster into their kitchen. Severus frowned slightly, clearing the table. He offered tea, which Albus accepted the offer of, smiling as he sat down. "What was it you wanted to talk about, Albus?" Lydia asked, picking up her own tea as the kettle boiled. She gave it another experimental sip. Just about right, certainly drinkable. "I wanted to inquire about your…emotional well-being," Albus said kindly. "I know that the stress of this ordeal with Harry must be difficult for you, and what with your recent history with nightmares and such, I wanted to give you an option. Should you require it." "Option?" Lydia prompted, feeling her stomach churn. Whatever it was, she knew it wasn't going to make her very happy, which was probably why he'd decided to deliver it in person rather than by letter. "A very cozy home you have here, Severus," Albus said, brightly. "It's not the most ideal of neighborhoods, but…" "It serves us well enough," Severus said sharply, and Albus's blue eyes twinkled, amused, accepting the tea from Severus. "Quite," he said. "Lydia, how have your nightmares been?" "Haven't had one in ages," she said, truthfully. She glanced at Severus who seemed as puzzled about what Albus was here for as she was. "What's this option you mentioned?" Albus took several sips of tea before he said, "If I'm being quite frank, Lydia, there is a great deal happening at Hogwarts this year. Harry is only one thing. I'll be keeping a very valuable artefact for a very old friend at the castle, with all the protection we can give it, and I believe there is a very real threat that it will be targeted by…persons wishing to acquire this artefact. And it could be a very stressful time for you." Lydia frowned, glancing at Severus, who was also frowning. Whatever this was, Lydia had a feeling she wasn't going to like it. "I've had plenty of stressful years," she said softly. "I'm sure it won't be a problem." "It's become more of a concern of late," Albus said, almost gently. "If you want to take a sabbatical, Lydia, I would understand. Perhaps you could travel, take a few years – perhaps seven – and do research unhindered. When Harry is graduated, you'd be welcome back with open arms, but I think perhaps it would be a positive change for your health to be away from Hogwarts for a while." Lydia was startled, and she looked at Severus, who had uncrossed his arms and leaned forward, obviously just as taken aback as she was by this offer. Severus's eyes met hers, and she saw some urgency there, but she didn't know if he was telling her to take the offer or decline it. Whatever it was that Severus wanted from her, she knew what she had to do, realistically. She took a deep breath and said, "You're not forcing this on me, are you? If I said no, you'd accept that?" "I would be concerned," Albus said softly, "but of course it's your choice to make." "Then I suppose you'll have to prepare yourself for some concern," Lydia said stiffly. "I'm not going anywhere, Albus. Especially not for seven bloody years. I'm not leaving my students, and my responsibilities, and whether or not I'll ever speak to him, I owe it to Lily to keep an eye on her son. That's the very least I can do, after I abandoned him." "You hardly abandoned him, my dear," Albus said, gently. "It was for his protection, putting him with the Dursleys." "Protection from what?" she snapped. "The war was over. The Dark Lord was dead." Severus had gone pale again, and he shook his head, but said nothing. Albus's eyes widened slightly at her usage of the Death Eater's term for the monster who stole her friends from her. A glance between Lydia and Severus caused Albus's eyes to darken. "I will ask you again to please consider a sabbatical," Albus said, his voice almost cool and his eyes lacking in twinkle. "Because whatever the wizarding world wants to believe, Voldemort is almost certainly not dead, not in the final sense of the word." Lydia felt a chill in her blood and she stood, looking at Severus, who simply stared back at her, pale and unexpressive. She wished he would speak, tell her what it was he wanted, tell her what it was he kept hidden from her about the war. Clearly he knew more about what happened that night than he'd led Lydia to believe, although he obviously didn't know as much as Albus. Her whole body felt cold, but for the first time, she was determined to be a Gryffindor about things. Lily and James died for that child, and she was not going to run away. "This thing," she said softly, "that you're keeping. The people after it. There's not a coincidence that Harry's coming to Hogwarts while all this is happening." Albus smiled wanly and said, "I don't believe there is much coincidence in this world." "I'm not going to take that sabbatical," she said softly, "and if it's all the same with you, I'd appreciate it if you left now." With a glance at Severus – who nodded – Albus nodded and stood, smiling a little more kindly. "Thank you for the tea," he said. "Have a lovely day." Lydia hummed, not bothering to get up to show him out. When the door closed, she finished her tea and looked up at Severus, who was still standing by the counter, arms crossed, staring at the table. "What are you telling me?" she whispered. She didn't expect him to give her a proper answer, but he inhaled sharply, and then exhaled firmly. "It's not like that, Lydia," he finally said. "I know little more than you do about what happened." "You knew he wasn't dead." "I know Albus believes that," Severus said, looking ill. "I've yet to see any proof of this, but if he is right, and this is…." He inhaled again. "Are you certain you don't want the sabbatical?" Lydia laughed humorlessly, biting back all the angry words she didn't truly want to say. He watched her as she stood and crossed to him, wrapping her arms around him. He pulled her closer and sighed as she said, "I don't to leave you, Sev. And I couldn't ask you to take one with me. Even if Albus let you." He hummed and kissed her hair. They stood like that, and Lydia enjoyed the sensation of his hands caressing her back through her dress, until an owl tapped at the window. Lydia groaned, and when he said it was the Malfoy owl, she groaned again. But it kept tapping, and he had to extract himself from her, letting in the owl and retrieving the letter. Lydia was about to grab it, but Severus said, "Oh, it's for me." "Lucius?" she asked, sitting back down at the table as he fetched water for the owl. "Narcissa," he said, setting it aside. "It can wait. Lydia, I don't have to remind you that the Dark Lord wanted you." "Sev." "Please," he said, his nostrils flaring slightly. "Don't forget that." She just looked at him, trying to ignore the horrible sensation floating through her stomach. Was that why Sirius hadn't killed her, she wondered? Because the Dark Lord wanted her alive? "I didn't run away during the war," she said softly, "and I'm not running now. Especially alone. I…I don't want to be alone again, Severus. I've done enough of that for a lifetime." His faced softened and he touched her hand, his cold fingers steady, but hesitant. She laced her fingers in his, watching him finally reach for the letter and open it, watching the changes in his face as he read the letter. Lydia watched the mostly-relaxed face take on a familiar expression, little by little. It was the face he had after a long day with first year students, just before a short rant on dunderheads and ineptitude. "What's Lucius done this time?" she asked, trying not to smile as she rubbed her thumb along the back of his hand. "Hmm?" he said, looking up from the letter and squeezing her hand. "Oh, Lucius? Nothing, really. Draco, unfortunately, does take after his father in some ways. Or, I suspect, he emulates his father. I suppose Lucius wouldn't stand for anything else." Lydia supposed this meant he put on the kind of airs that made his father so unpalatable to be around, and she listened as Severus listed all the things Draco wanted to adjust from his shopping list, and Narcissa was checking with him before taking Draco to Diagon Alley, just to be certain. "But the list is final," Lydia said, frowning. She couldn't possibly fathom anyone who thought the word pewter could acceptably mean anything other than pewter. When a list went about specifying something, how could anyone suppose anything else would satisfy the requirements? "Indeed," Severus said, setting the letter aside. "And that is precisely what I will tell her in my reply. Tomorrow." "Oh?" she said, smiling as he squeezed her hand again, taking it in both of his. "What are you doing today, then? Lots of brewing?" "Nothing that can't wait," he said. "This hasn't been a very good morning, and I think we ought to salvage some of the day. Why don't we walk down to the deli, get some lunch, and eat it in the park?" Lydia couldn't contain her smile. She teased him lightly about suggesting a picnic, but he said nothing, lifting her hand to his lips and kissing her fingertips as he waited for her to say yes or no. "I should get a sweater," she said, glancing down at her dress. "You needn't," he said. His eyes scanned her neckline languidly, and he kissed her fingertips again. "You look lovely." Lydia smiled in spite of herself, and she stood, leading the way to the front door, pausing when Severus pulled up at the door and turned her around to kiss her. She sighed, wrapping her arms around his neck. He hardly ever kissed her where anyone – even strangers – might see. Still, she thought as they walked to the deli, hand in hand, that it wasn't so bad to stay, no matter what happened. She would have Severus with her through everything, and she already knew that he wouldn't let anything happen to her. He'd spent most of their lives, it would seem, making sure nothing happened to her. They walked a bit closer together and Lydia had almost forgotten about their bothersome morning by the time they reached the deli. "I have to go to Hogsmeade tomorrow," Severus said smoothly as they stepped inside. "When do we go?" she asked absently. "I'll go alone," he said, almost too quickly. "I just have to pick up some packages, sort some mail, that sort of thing." She frowned slightly and said, "Severus, why do you get some of your mail delivered to Hogsmeade when you obviously get quite a bit of it delivered to your person?" His neck stiffened and he said it was a way of keeping business at an arm's length. This wasn't a wholly satisfactory answer, but Lydia decided not to let it spoil their afternoon when they'd already had such a difficult morning, and she ordered lunch. A/N: So, Albus tries to talk Lydia into taking a seven-year break, Severus and Albus are keeping secrets from her, and Lydia is deepening her brand new friendship with Narcissa! Coming soon: Severus takes his first points from James's son and Lydia is annoyed. Review Prompt: Thoughts on Severus's post arrangements? -C
Almost as soon as Severus left to deal with his mail in Hogsmeade, Lydia received their post. Their usual post, anyway. She frowned as she sorted through the letters – one from her publisher, one from a scholar in Ghana she'd corresponded with several months prior, and one from Remus. She rubbed her eyes, sipping her tea as she tried to decide what to open first. Of course, she should open the letter from Remus now so that she could get rid of it before Severus came home and reacted – or overreacted – to it, but she decided to get the boring business out of the way first, hoping the letter might be a highlight of her morning. Once she'd crumpled up the letter from Stanley out of frustration and annoyance, and dispatched a quick reply to Mr. Wakaso that she would indeed be happy to look at his manuscript, Lydia held her breath and opened the letter from Remus. Dear Lydia, I hope you've been well. It's a bit strange, isn't it, knowing that Harry's about to turn eleven. Just the other day I was thinking of how tiny he was as a newborn, how fragile he looked, especially in the face of everything we were doing. Curious to think he's old enough to get a wand. I don't suppose you have any news yet, how he is, how he looks, how he's getting to the station. Those things. I gave up hope of having any part in his life a very long time ago. You're lucky that way. But I do wonder, when you do have news, could you please pass it along? Hoping you're well. Remus She turned the letter over several times, trying to decide what to do, what to say, how to consider the issue. She couldn't very well tell him the little she did know, because the stress would devastate him. He had enough stress in his life already. Instead, Lydia went to the library, wondering if there were books here with the answers to her questions. She pulled a promising book about curses from the shelf, and opened it to find that it was heavily annotated in the margins by Severus's familiar teenage handwriting. She smiled despite herself, flipping to the index for any reference to the Killing Curse. A whole chapter on Unforgivables in the back, which she flipped to, and she found a section on the Killing Curse, although it was sparse and unhelpful. She frowned as she read the short paragraph at the beginning of the section on the Cruciatus Curse, which was just below: The Cruciatus Curse is the most notably cruel form of torture known to magic. It creates a searing, complete pain in the victim, often with lasting sensitivities and effects. No special wand movement is required, but the wizard or witch must truly mean the word, and desire to inflict great pain on the victim. Skill with this spell is a powerful thing, and those who can consistently excel at its enactment often find its casting seductive. Lydia shivered, seeing that he had underlined "desire" and "seductive," and scribbled something in the corner that was too compact for her to read clearly, but she thought it might begin with an L. Her curiosity was piqued, and she continued to read about the spell. The description of the curse and its effects was almost loving, and Lydia could imagine that someone like Bellatrix had written it. There were even illustrations, victims sprawled in strange contorted postures as they tried to escape the pain, the torturer standing above, wand outstretched, back to the viewer. Often the victim was kneeling or face down in some way, and Lydia felt her insides feel strangely like they did when one was about to fall off something, with a strange lightness. The description of what it felt like to cast the spell successfully included words like euphoria, control, warmth. Lydia supposed there was a rush of endorphins and adrenaline, and she could understand why some people worked so hard to perfect the spell, why it was so seductive to cast. Briefly, she wondered what it would feel like, and she supposed it was a little bit like good sex, from the description. She shivered again, but she kept reading. The more she read, the more she wondered. It talked about conductors for the Dark Magic, and how rage and desire were the two purest emotional conductors, which made sense, and reminded her of something Severus had said years ago about rage. She closed her eyes, and she wondered whether he'd been thinking of this book, this description when he'd said those words to her, desperately trying to get her to join him in his choices. It seemed a lifetime ago, and while her younger self had been horrified, she found herself both horrified and curious now. The combination made her slightly nauseous, but she found herself still reading…. When she reached the end of the section on the Cruciatus Curse, she was so caught up in the writing style that she read the final section in the book, on the Imperius Curse. Although in many ways it was less serious than the other two Unforgivables, it made Lydia feel more uncomfortable than anything else in known magic. The idea of being out of control, especially after what she'd gone through with Dalia…. As she read, though, she found herself breathless, caught up in the loving, almost sensual description of the spell and its effects, both on the caster and the victim. Her mouth went dry as the nausea-inducing combination of reactions intensified, and when she reached the end, she fought a combination of frustration and relief. She wanted to read the whole chapter again, and she wanted to close the book and burn it. Her fingers seemed to act on their own, turning back to the beginning of the chapter and reading it again, and she began to focus in on the concept of control, power, of being in control of the situation. She could feel her pulse racing as a wild, horrible idea occurred to her. She found a telephone directory, but it was a local one, and probably out of date. She could call an operator, get the number. She could try to call the Dursleys, and reason with them. If that didn't work…. She shivered, imagining Vernon in one of those sprawled postures. It was terrible, it was wrong, but perhaps just the threat of using such a spell would cause the Dursleys to see sense. There were times when bad spells could be used to good ends. Lydia called the operator, asked for a Vernon Dursley in Little Whinging, and was given a telephone number. The operator asked if she wanted to be connected, but Lydia heard the front door opening and she said, no, thank you, she'd call him later. Before she could hide the number or the book, Severus came into the library, frowning. "What's that?" he asked, gesturing to the number. She said it was nothing, but he got a good enough look to see it was a telephone number, and she knew he could tell what book she had out. "What curses?" he asked, snatching the paper from her hand and looking at it, obviously recognizing the initials she'd written by the number. He raised his eyebrows and repeated the question. Lydia said nothing, but he tapped the book and it opened, the book quickly running through her history in the book, like a sped-up parody of being read. Severus's eyes widened as he saw it go through the chapter on Unforgivables one, two, three times. He closed the book and looked at her, his eyes strange and unreadable. She could sense him trying to see her memory of reading, and she tried to keep him out. Severus knew her defenses well, though, and she was terribly distracted. She could feel him in her memory, reading the words, the strange, conflicted sensations she had as she read, the way she almost couldn't stop reading. Lydia could vaguely sense his arousal as he pulled out of her mind. "And what exactly do you plan to do with these spells?" he said, his voice low, silky, dangerous. "Torture the Dursleys into submission?" She shivered. "Kill them and take Harry from them? Perhaps mess with their minds so that they did your bidding without the physical violence. Or maybe you were saving that one for Lupin. I saw his letter on the kitchen table. Imperius Curse is certainly one way to lower inhibitions." He circled her, setting down the parchment she'd written the telephone numbers on and he told her to take out her wand. Lydia hesitated, and he stood behind her. "I could make you use mine," he said in her ear, "but this will work much better if you use your own." Her heart pounded, and she wondered what he was doing, wondered if she wanted to make it stop, whatever it was. He turned a nearby bit of balled up parchment into a small beetle, and he did a quick spell to slow it down so that it couldn't scurry around the room too quickly. "Pick one," he said, "and cast it." She felt a rush at the idea of doing what he'd just asked, but she hesitated. "I don't want to hurt it," she said, except a tiny part of her did, to know what it felt like. It wasn't even a real beetle, after all, but a bit of paper, conjured for this purpose. "You could always do the Imperius Curse," he said softly, "but something tells me that's not the one you want to try." He was right. She wanted to try the Cruciatus Curse, and as much as she ached to try it, the whole thought repulsed her. She held her wand, looking at the little non-beetle as it moved across the floor, thinking that it probably couldn't even feel. Would it give the same sensations? Wouldn't that be an interesting thing to learn, just for the sake of science? Her curiosity and the warm sensation from Severus's hands on her waist seemed to dull her objections, and she found her wand taking aim. "Crucio," she whispered. Her throat was dry. She felt a small jolt through her body, a tiny rush, and she saw the little beetle twitch, but it didn't last. "Firmer," he said in her ear. "Mean it, Lydia. You have to mean it." Again, she aimed her wand. "Crucio." Longer this time, the rush greater, the delicious and horrendous knowledge that she had done this spell hitting her as she watched the beetle squirm. She felt dizzy, and the spell stopped again. "Think of someone who's hurt you," Severus whispered, his lips against the shell of her ear. "Someone who has taken things from you, made you suffer. Think of how pleasant it would be for them to feel your pain." Lydia closed her eyes, thinking of Sirius. She thought of the horrible suffering he'd left her with after his betrayal, of all the things he'd taken from her, of the horrible predicament she still found herself with, unable to help Harry the way she wanted. She opened her eyes, found the beetle, and repeated the incantation again. Her whole body seemed to buzz with excitement as she watched it writhing on the ground, and she thought of Sirius, thought of what it would be like to go to the North Sea and find him, to make him suffer like this. Again, a huge intensification of her enjoyment, and she saw the beetle twitch and writhe more vigorously. She realized that her enjoyment of the spell and the intensity of the spell were linked somehow, and instead of terrifying her like it should have, she found it exhilarating. She lifted her wand, but Severus took her arm and stopped her. He waved his wand and vanished the beetle. Lydia blinked at him, puzzled. "But I was…I was going to—" "I know," he said, his eyes glowing with hunger. "But you understand now, don't you? You feel how…seductive it is, once you understand how the spell works, how it can channel your rage, your anger. The more you mean the spell, the more you want to mean the spell, and so the more rage you stir up inside of yourself, and the better it feels to cast. I know people who can make strong men beg for death in seconds of this spell, and they drag it out for hours. And the beetle, Lydia, it can't scream." She shivered again. "At first the sounds are painful, grating. The more you get used to the spell, the sweeter they sound. It almost becomes worth doing the spell just to hear the screams and feel that…warmth. The power, flowing through you. "The Killing Curse? It's shorter, but it's stronger. It doesn't linger, but the satisfaction is immense. To decide life and death…." He closed his eyes and Lydia reached out to touch his neck. Severus grabbed her wrist as soon as she touched his skin, keeping her from truly comforting him. He inhaled and exhaled deeply. "If you truly wanted to master this sort of magic," he whispered, "I could teach you. You would be sensational at it. I always knew you would be. And if I started teaching you, if you began learning these spells, we couldn't stop. I would find more and more subjects for you, and I would watch you control them and torture them and use them. Animals don't last forever, and eventually you would kill them, and I would watch, and then I would find more. And you would crave more, a better response, a longer resistance. "And I would get you whatever you wanted. I might even bring you people. There are plenty who deserve it, as you know. But we'd never be able to turn back, do you see? You keep me from that just by being…afraid. Does it frighten you, Lydia, how easy it is to jump from not wanting to hurt a beetle to feeling that desire to see it die?" He was right, she realized feeling mildly nauseous. She'd desperately wanted to watch it go limp, to know that she'd been responsible. If Severus's hadn't stopped her…. "Does it frighten you?" "Yes," she whispered, closing her eyes. He relaxed, letting go of her arm. His breathing relaxed slightly to, and he said, "Good. When I say drop this research about the Killing Curse, I'm not trying to keep you from your research. I'm…protecting you. Protecting both of us. Because I don't know anyone strong enough to resist that temptation on their own, and I…don't have the strength to deny you." He opened his eyes again, and she could see that he was still aroused, still thinking of the sight of her torturing that beetle. As the closeness of the situation wore off, she felt an increased amount of horror at what she'd done, and at how good it had felt. "I don't want to go there," she said, struggling for breath. "I don't want…." "No," he said, wrapping his arms around her, letting her rest her head on his chest. She felt suddenly exhausted. "I don't want that for you. And we're going to make sure it doesn't happen. I promise." She heard the ripping of parchment, and knew he was tearing up the little slip with the Dursleys' number on it. Lydia couldn't bring herself to care. She sighed, melting against his body, feeling his steadiness as she tried to find strength in her exhaustion. Severus suggested a cup of tea, and Lydia hummed her agreement. She wondered, vaguely, as he helped her out to the front room, sat her down, and went to the kitchen to make the tea – she wondered about the little word in the margin that she hadn't been able to read. A horrible little voice in the back of her mind suggested that it had been her name, and her curiosity flared up. She wanted to see it again, to check, but panic rose up in her chest at how easily that book had drawn her in before. Severus brought in tea and cooled it right away, which made Lydia suspicious. She narrowed her eyes at it and sniffed the tea. He said nothing, but it certainly didn't smell like it had a calming draught in it. He sat down beside her and said, "It's just the tea, Lydia. It's really the best thing for it. I've had a little more experience with these spells than you have." He sighed, watching her sip the tea slowly. Once she decided it tasted normal, she took larger gulp or two and then set the tea aside, looking at his eyes and seeing concern and exhaustion that he had around his face. She touched his cheek and wondered if she'd put him through something that caused this look, or if his business that morning had something to do with it. He took her hand and kissed her palm. "You look terrible," she muttered, picking up her tea with the other hand and taking a large gulp. He snorted. "You know what I mean. Is it my fault?" Severus hesitated, but he shook his head, then kissing each finger. "My fault," he whispered against her skin. "I haven't done enough – never done enough to protect you, and the strain…." He closed his eyes. Lydia wanted to ask what he meant, but she was afraid of the answers he might give. She had a horrible feeling that there was something he wasn't telling her, but he opened his eyes and said, "I shouldn't have pushed you like that. I shouldn't have made you…." He closed his eyes again and said, "Forgive me, Lydia. I never meant for you to…. We all have weaknesses, and unfortunately that is one of mine." "It's alright," she said, frowning as he kissed each finger over and over and over. "It's alright." A/N: So…. I was actually going to have them have another fight at the end of this chapter, but the plot bunnies had a mind of their own and it just exploded into this. I don't think I mind. I think I like this better. This chapter is dedicated to long-time reader and reviewer, vampirela69, whose reviews have been part of the sustenance of this story. Review Prompt: Any guesses what's eating at Severus? -C
For three days straight, Lydia woke in the night to find Severus twitching, turning, and once even crying in his sleep. On July 31st, she woke several minutes after midnight, with Severus muttering in his sleep and grasping desperately at the sheets, almost violently. She felt sick. She'd not woken him yet, but he seemed almost…frightened. "Sev," she whispered, touching his arm. He reacted to her touch, but not waking. Instead, he thrashed, almost hitting her, and she felt her pulse rise. Lydia bit the inside of her cheek, took a deep breath, and grabbed his arm forcefully, turning him over and touching his face. "Severus," she said, gasping as he reached for her throat. She jerked backwards and his eyes opened. She recognized his confusion, trying to understand why what he saw wasn't what he'd been experiencing. When he realized he'd reached for her throat, his eyes went wide, and she could see self-disgust in them. "Did I wake you?" he said, his voice a rasp. He tried to catch his breath as he sat up. "Why haven't you been taking your potion?" she asked, knowing this was the only explanation for his behavior. "It's the whole positive for me not having to take mine." He sighed, lifting a shaking hand, which Lydia took and kissed, sitting up and leaning forward to be closer to him. "I needed," he muttered. "I needed a reminder." She shivered, realizing he was punishing himself for…whatever had possessed him to encourage her curiosity with the curses, and she kissed his hand again. "I think you've had enough of a reminder, don't you?" she asked. He grunted, leaning forward and kissing her. She closed her eyes. Was this what he was like all year long at Hogwarts, while she was on a Sleeping Draught? She almost didn't ask, but her guilt prompted her, and the words slipped out. "I take a Calming Draught at the school," he muttered, before pressing his lips to hers again. "Takes care of some of it. I'm sorry." "Don't be," she insisted, tracing her fingers along his neck. "Sev, please stop punishing yourself. It was my poor choice." "I should have stopped you," he muttered, frowning. "I should have just stopped the whole thing, but I wanted to see…." He shuddered. "I've ruined it. I've ruined everything." "No," she whispered, but he was frantic, insensible. "I ruined you," he whispered. "I should have never…. All that work, and then I…. I'm so sorry, Lydia." "Stop it," she said, pulling away. He was about to speak again, but she shook her head and said, "Stop it, Sev. You've ruined nothing. I'm going to adjust the research angle, and we can just focus on something else. Maybe insinuate and leave it up to the Department of Mysteries to consider more thoroughly the Dark aspect of the question. There's plenty to be done by somebody else." "You'll never forgive me," he said with a bitter laugh. He laid down on the pillows and said, "When you learn, you'll never forgive me. Matter of time." "What are you talking about?" she asked, afraid that it might be something bigger than her worst guesses. He shook his head, his eyes still slightly hazy and confused. She wondered if some part of him was still in the nightmare. "Promise me," he said, urgently, "that you'll understand." "Understand what?" He shook his head. "It's for your own good," he muttered, groaning as he sat forward. "I've never wanted to hurt you. I never…." He was insensate, either not hearing or understanding her questions, and Lydia promised she'd be back with tea. He argued as she left, but he didn't try to physically stop her. She wasn't sure he had the strength. As Lydia put the kettle on, she realized vaguely that Harry had turned eleven years old. She smiled to herself, getting some honey, and arguing with herself on whether to stir in a Calming Draught. He certainly did need it, but he'd notice. Although in his state, perhaps he wouldn't notice. Would he be angry with her for doing that to him? She hated when he did it to her. But then, she thought with a humorless smile, he'd done this to her plenty of times. Would it really be fair for him to be upset if she did it just the once? Lydia decided to risk it, getting a dose and stirring it in, taking the tea up to their bedroom, where Severus was now pacing, muttering to himself. She said his name, but he didn't seem to hear her. She said it again, louder, firmer, and he paused, looking at the tea like it was a snake poised to strike. "No," he muttered, rubbing his cheeks. "No, no, no. Weak, so bloody weak." She said his name again, but he kept muttering. "Should have listened. I should never have allowed myself this…indulgence." "Severus," she repeated, but he surprised her by scooping up the teacup and throwing it at the wall. Lydia tensed, able to see so clearly the shadow of Tobias Snape hitting his wife as Severus turned to her again. "Go ahead," he snarled. "Let's just get it over with. You could just leave now so we don't have to worry about it. I'm already hurting. Let's just do it all at once." Lydia didn't know what to do, but Severus was furious and making absolutely no sense. He rounded on her and growled, "You're only going to hate me, so we may as well start now." She didn't know what he was about to say or do, but she felt a flash of anxiety and she raised her wand, the word rolling off her tongue before she knew what she was doing. "Stupefy!" Severus fell back onto the bed, his body limp and his eyes closed. She took a deep breath and wondered whether she should wake him, or leave him. He obviously hadn't had very good sleep, and she worried that if she woke him now, he would only return to how he'd been. She made breakfast for once, hoping that when he woke his hunger and exhaustion would help to calm him. She put the kettle on again, making more tea, and she settled in to eat her breakfast. Post came a little later than usual, but there was only one letter in it – from Albus, for her. At first, Lydia thought it might be another plea for her to consider this ridiculous plan for a sabbatical, but she opened it anyway, just in case. Lydia, Hagrid's letter just came in. Harry's going to Hogwarts. He's doing his shopping today. You'll see him in a month. -A She breathed a sigh of relief, rubbing her forehead and setting the letter aside. She grabbed fresh parchment and scribbled a brief note to Remus: Remus, I have news about Harry. Drinks later? Hogsmeade. -Lydia She sent the letter with the Hogwarts owl, giving him very specific instructions, knowing that sometimes the school owls got confused if they didn't get the same destination that they expected. Then she reheated Severus's breakfast and tea before settling back in with her food. It took half an hour, but she heard Severus coming downstairs with slow, staggered steps. He seemed rational and more at peace than he had when she woke him from the nightmare, and she hesitated watching him look around the kitchen, taking in his surrounds groggily. "I've made breakfast," she said, gesturing to his plate and tea. "I…I know it's not as good as when you make it, but it's warm, anyway." Severus murmured his thanks and sat down at the table, picking up his fork and shifting a bit of egg around the plate aimlessly while Lydia finished her tea. "I'll be taking my potion again," he said softly. "You…won't have to worry about another…." His lips tightened. "That's good," she said, watching him poke at the eggs slightly. He looked like he might be about to say something even harsher and she quickly said, "I could never hate you, Sev." His eyes lifted to hers and she could see a shadow of the self-hatred she'd seen upstairs. She wondered if he was going to tell her what was supposedly going to make her hate him, but he simply stared at her, going through some kind of internal struggle. "You had mail," he said, his eyes falling on the open letter from Albus. "Yes, Albus wanted to tell me that Harry has officially responded," she said, tucking hair behind her ear. "He's going to Hogwarts." Severus's face contorted for a moment, and then he nodded. He inhaled sharply, pinching the bridge of his nose before he began stabbing at the egg again. Lydia frowned, watching him not eat. "Sev," she said softly, "do you…do you not want me here?" He looked up at her with wide eyes, his hand loosening on his fork. "Why would you ask that?" he said, his voice tight. She licked her lips and said, "Well, some of the things you said this morning, I just felt that maybe…maybe you don't want me here anymore. I couldn't think of any other explanation. And if you wanted—" "No," he said firmly, sounding more like himself than he had all day. "No matter what, no matter what I said or what might…." He exhaled. "Lydia, there will never be a time when I want you to leave. I don't know that I'd ever beg you to stay, but I…I might ask." From him, that was practically begging, she knew. It cost his pride a great deal just to ask her to stay, but it obviously meant a great deal to him. She nodded, sitting back and watching him force himself to eat. She asked if he had any plans for what to do for the day and Severus shook his head, eventually pushing away the plate. "I'm sorry," she said, rubbing her jaw. "I'm not very good at breakfasts." "It's fine, Lydia. I'm just not very hungry." He took a shower and then they read in the front room together for several hours, bouncing ideas off each other like nothing had happened beyond the ordinary. It wasn't until the reply from Remus arrived that Lydia remembered she had anything going for the day. "What's that?" Severus asked as she sat in his lap with the note. "I wrote Remus," she said, opening it. "After I heard from Albus. He asked me to keep him posted on Harry. He wants to meet at four. I shouldn't be gone long, just drinks in Hogsmeade. But if you don't want me to go—" "Go," he said, wrapping his arms around her and pressing his face against her neck. "I'll make dinner while you're out." She hesitated, but she couldn't think of any reason not to go that wouldn't hurt Severus's pride, so she changed and combed her hair, making sure she was presentable before going back downstairs to find Severus burning something. "What's that?" she asked, frowning. "Just old paperwork," he said, waving his wand to vanish the ashes. "It's nothing. Do you want some tea before you go?" She checked her watch and decided she had time for a very quick cup, if he cooled it for her, which he said would be no problem. Lydia glanced at where the papers had been burning and she frowned, wondering what it could have been, and why he wouldn't just tell her. They had a quick cup of tea together and Lydia lingered, wondering if he was going to change his mind, but if he did, he didn't say so. She put on robes over her dress at five to four, and she kissed him goodbye. For a moment, when he kissed her back, she thought he was going to say that he'd changed his mind, and maybe she could see Remus on another day, but he pulled away, told her he'd make lamb burgers, and gave her one last quick kiss before retreating to the kitchen. Deciding he wasn't going to ask her to stay, she grabbed key, walked out to the nearest alleyway, and Disapparated to the Hogsmeade High Street. It was a familiar pathway to the Three Broomsticks, and she walked it without really thinking, pleased that Remus was already in the pub when she got there. He waved her over and gestured to the glass of mead he'd got for her. "Thanks," she said, smiling weakly. "I've had a bit of a long day." "Work being difficult?" he asked, smiling weakly. "Something like that." "So," he said, setting down his firewhiskey, "you said something about Harry in your letter. What's been happening?" She hummed and took a sip of mead before setting her cup down again. "It's been a bit of a crazy thing, really," she said, sighing. "I don't know the details yet, but it took weeks to get from when the first letter go to him to getting the confirmation that he was going, and Hagrid had to be deployed." Remus frowned and said, "But you don't know what the hold-up was?" "No," she said, frowning at her mead. "I wasn't allowed to contact them." He looked a bit puzzled and said, "Weren't allowed? What does that mean? You're not a child." "I know that," she said, between sips of mead. She set her glass down again and said, "What it means is that Albus said I wasn't, under any circumstances, to contact the Dursleys. Maybe he thought Hagrid would be more imposing. I don't know. He tried to make me take a sabbatical, though." "What for?" "Well, because Harry's going to Hogwarts." Remus raised his eyebrows and said, "But he'll still be there next year." "Oh, did I not say?" she said, not bothering to mask the bitterness. "A seven-year sabbatical, he suggested." Remus nearly dropped his drink as he raised it to his lips again, and she saw anger in his eyes. That anger hadn't been in Severus's eyes, she thought absently. In fact, Severus had almost nudged her toward taking the sabbatical, wanted her to be sure "You're joking," Remus said, although the hardness in his voice told her that he knew full well that she wasn't. "But…" "He feels that with the emotional stress and strain I've been under in recent years, it might be too much." Remus was enraged, and somehow that calmed Lydia. She could consider the conversation with a coolness she hadn't had when it happened. She suspected he was trying to decide whether to express this anger to Albus or to let it be, and Lydia leaned back in her chair, lifting her glass of mead to her lips and taking a very small sip. "Even if I thought it were the right thing for my health, or my career, I still don't think I could do it," she said, watching the mead settle again when she set down the glass. "I was never very good at leaving at the right time. I tend to overstay." She shivered lightly, thinking of how things might have been different, had she left Sirius sooner, when Severus suggested it. She could have left him soon after moving in, moving somewhere warmer with Severus. They'd be free of all the memories. But would he be free of the Dark Lord? Was he now? "And anyway," she said with a small, humorless chuckle, "if I'm going to stay anyway, I may as well take the chance to do something useful. It wouldn't be right to abandon Harry as he reenters our world. And Merlin knows Severus is going to want to kill him every other day if he takes after his father at all." Remus's jaw twitched and she knew he was biting back a question of whether Severus really might harm Harry without Lydia to stop him. Lydia didn't think so, or she didn't want to think so, but after how he'd been that morning, she wasn't completely certain something mightn't make him snap along seven years. He was a remarkably strong man, but as he'd said along his ranting, everybody had weaknesses. "I envy you," Remus finally said, frowning at the last few sips of his drink. "You'll have to tell me all about him. You wouldn't have him in class for a little while, but certainly you'll be able to tell me where he gets Sorted and what other teachers think of him and the like. Not necessarily every little thing he does, but a few highlights throughout the years would be nice." Lydia said that she certainly would, and she assured him that she had absolutely no intention of taking the sabbatical before she left the pub and Disapparated back to Cokeworth. Severus had dinner laid out when Lydia unlocked the door and came back into Spinner's End. She tossed the keys in the bowl, took off the robes over her dress, and followed the smell of delicious food. As though the time apart had been a kind of elixir – or more likely, the time apart allowed him to consume some elixir – Severus seemed completely like himself, asking her how she was and how her drinks had been. Lydia hesitated before deciding it wouldn't do any good to point out that he'd undergone a complete transformation in less than an hour. "It went well enough," she said, smiling weakly. "I think he was on a good part of the cycle. Is that mead?" "Yes," Severus said, pouring them each a glass as she spoke. She wasn't entirely certain that she wanted another glass, but he seemed so sure of himself as he handed it to her. "I decided that we could use something." Before she could ask what he meant, he kissed the corner of her mouth and said, "You look beautiful in that dress." She murmured thanks as he kissed her again, and she couldn't help thinking as they sat down to dinner that this felt a little too familiar, like a skin that didn't fit anymore. But she didn't dare think on it too deeply, for fear that he would see that she even subconsciously compared him to Sirius. It was the last thing they needed, now. A/N: Severus continues to wrestle his demons, Lydia tries to be productive, and Remus is behaving like a mature adult for one day… Review Prompt: So, when they go back to Hogwarts and Harry is there…will things get better or worse? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader, aslionel. Welcome to the family! I hope you enjoy the journey. -C Lydia was almost relieved when Narcissa offered to come by and help them pack, as a way of avoiding a luncheon with various pureblooded women she couldn't stand. While Lydia and Severus didn't need the help packing, Lydia was pleased to have a different face in the house, knowing that if something was wrong with Severus that Lydia was missing, Narcissa was the most likely to see it and know what to do or say. Narcissa arrived before lunch, taking off her hat and gloves as she and Lydia exchanged greetings in the entryway. "The Muggles across the street found me very interesting," Narcissa said with a tight smile. "Their children stopped what they were doing to watch me walk up from the alleyway." "No doubt they think you're far too classy for us," Lydia said, smiling as she wondered which child had her old bedroom – a thought she wondered every so often when she thought of the neighbors. "Tea?" "Please." The two women went to the kitchen, where Severus was considering their tea, trying to decide if they needed to bring it all. Lydia smiled to herself at the sight of all the tea they'd accumulated. They always grabbed more at the shop when they got groceries, without actually thinking on how much they had at home, and here they were, with a mountain of tea to deal with. "If you can't decide within the hour," Lydia said as he leaned down to kiss her cheek, "we'll just take the lot. We'll drink it all, anyway." Severus hummed his agreement and greeted Narcissa, who said her words of greeting back, amused, as Lydia put the kettle on. Once the tea was poured, Lydia led the way back out into the hall, where the two women discussed where to begin. "The books and papers are in their own trunk," Lydia said, rubbing her jaw. "Or, will be. They're mostly in. Severus said he'd deal with books and papers while he packs up his lab." "Clothes, then," Narcissa said brightly, and Lydia hesitantly led the woman up to their bedroom. Lydia said she'd deal with Severus's things, which Narcissa did not argue with. They both knew that he wouldn't likely approve of Narcissa doing his packing of socks and trousers and pants and the like. Lydia carefully folded Severus's things, putting them in his trunk while Narcissa worked on Lydia's things. It occurred to Lydia, as she worked, how far they'd both come from childhood. By the end of Hogwarts, they each had only a couple of pairs of robes, shabby and not fitting quite right. Now, now they had normal wardrobes. They weren't anywhere near the Malfoys for quality and expense, but their robes were numerous enough, serviceable, well-fitted. Lydia smiled to herself, thinking that they were, in a sense, successful. "There's something that seems to be missing," Narcissa said, a smile in her voice. It was chilling, how much like her cousin Narcissa sounded in that moment. "What's that?" Lydia asked, pulling down a stack of Severus's shirts, considering each for condition, deciding if any ought to be left behind. "My dear, you seem to have a great absence of lingerie." Lydia's eyes widened as she thought of what Narcissa was suggesting. The idea of Narcissa packing Lydia's underthings was a bit uncomfortable anyway, but Lydia hadn't seen much point in purchasing things beyond sensible cotton panties. Severus never seemed to mind, anyway, and the occasional lace bra was enough for Lydia. "I don't really need it," Lydia said, pointedly paying much of her attention to the shirts she was sorting. Narcissa's amusement was clear as she said, "Lydia, as a married woman, let me just say that there is not a man who isn't pleased and flattered when his lover makes an effort with her seduction." Lydia could feel her neck going hot as she thought of how Sirius would buy her things he wanted to see her in. She'd never really thought about Severus wanting to see her in anything in particular, and he'd never made any suggestion that he was interested in her wearing lingerie. "I hardly think my undergarments matter that much." Narcissa made a quick quip about how packaging could make the gift all the better, and then she asked Lydia if she wanted to bring all of her robes or only a certain number. At the abrupt and welcome shift in conversation, Lydia finally looked up from the shirts and said she usually only took about two thirds of the robes. From there it was a simple and almost enjoyable matter of deciding which robes were the best to take and which were the best to leave, and Narcissa gasped suddenly. Lydia looked up to see Narcissa pulled out the beautiful robes that were just like the ones Mary had given her, from the back of the wardrobe. Lydia felt her chest tighten as Narcissa said how exquisite they were. "A gift," Lydia said softly. She swallowed, biting back words, although she wasn't sure what the words were. "Not from Severus, surely," Narcissa said, turning the robes for a better look at them. "His taste isn't this good. And I wouldn't expect you'd keep such a gift if it were from my cousin." "It's a bit of a long story," Lydia said, frowning as she looked at them. "I have…. It was from a friend who…died." Narcissa's eyes darkened, and she nodded, not pressing the matter. "I don't suppose I'll have a great deal of opportunity to wear them," Lydia said, smiling weakly. "You just have to look for an opportunity," Narcissa said firmly. "Beautiful things are like puppies. They need attention and exercise. And you need lingerie." Lydia laughed, and the two women finished packing without any drama. By the time Narcissa left, Severus had finished with the papers and books. He kissed her jaw after the front door closed, and Lydia smiled, thinking about the absurd conversation she'd had with Narcissa. "What was that for?" she asked, wrapping her arms around his neck. He kissed her again, not answering the question, and they took the Floo to the castle, setting up her office and quarters before moving into their quarters in the dungeons. Lydia was just setting up the tea in their front room when Severus was unpacking his clothes and she had an inkling that Narcissa had planted into her mind. "Sev?" she called out. He murmured his acknowledgement. She walked into the bedroom and said, "I have a question. It's a bit of a weird one, but we've probably talked about stranger." "No doubt," he said, not looking up, but waving for her to continue. She took a deep breath and said, "Do you think I need more lingerie?" Severus's head jerked up in shock, and he looked as though he was trying to cough up his own tongue as he processed this question. His eyes were wide as he looked at her. "Lingerie?" he repeated, as though he'd never heard the word before. Lydia nodded, her cheeks growing hot as he stared at her. His eyes scanned up and down her body for a moment, and he said softly, "I…. You don't need…. However, I would not…object." His voice grew tight and his breathing changed noticeably as he spoke, and Lydia realized that Narcissa had been spot-on. Of course, Lydia had a feeling that Narcissa was spot-on about most things. She crossed the room and wrapped her arms around his neck again and said, "What sort of thing would you like?" He swallowed and said, "What…what did you have in mind?" Lydia just smiled and kissed him, feeling the energy between them as he kissed her back, clearly aroused as he leaned into the kiss. She wondered if they'd fallen into routine, and whether that was a bad thing, somehow. She wanted to believe that they were contented, uncomplicated, but Severus's reactions told her that there was more she could be doing. She smiled as he unclasped her robes, sucking lightly on her bottom lip. Severus's hands were caressing her torso through her top, and she petted his neck as they kissed. It was pleasant enough to be back in their space at the castle, although in some ways she preferred the privacy at Spinner's End. His lips traced down to her jaw and she sat on the bed, watching him tug eagerly at his clothes, trying to get them off as quickly as possible. Yes, she supposed she could be sitting here in lingerie, but she'd only be more comfortable. Severus had never looked at her scarcely-clad body with anything short of desire, no matter what she dressed it in. Still, perhaps for special occasions… She smirked to herself as she unbuttoned her blouse, watching him scramble out of his trousers. Perhaps she had a trick to make him look forward to his birthday, after all. Severus paused, perhaps trying to decide what the smirk was about, but he shook off the question as she peeled off her blouse, and he knelt on the bed beside her, kissing her neck and nibbling on it gently. Lydia allowed things to progress as Severus dictated, paying attention to every change he initiated, wondering what else she hadn't previously considered about their relationship. When they were both exhausted, sweaty and sated, she rested her head on his chest and caressed his arms as the wrapped around her. He kissed the top of her head. "We've not finished unpacking," Severus said, smoothly and calmly like a cat's contented purr. Lydia smiled and hummed her agreement, but she didn't move but to caress his arms. There was something peaceful in the rhythm of drawing the pads of her fingers across his skin. When they finally could put it off no longer, they did finish unpacking, although Severus did stop them with regular kisses, which was how she knew she'd completely distracted him for the day. "Don't forget," she said as they sat down for tea in their completely unpacked quarters. "Albus said he wanted to see me before dinner." Severus groaned, but he nodded and said, "Try not to hex him, Lydia. He's bound to upset you." "Now that sounds very much like something I ought to be saying to you," she teased, "not the other way around." "Well, you've had a bit of a short fuse lately," he said, raising an eyebrow as she rested her legs on his lap. He caressed her leg before resting his hand there and watching her as he sipped his tea. "It never hurts to be cautious." Lydia hummed into her own tea as she sipped it, wondering how to ask what she was about to ask. Finally, she decided there was no delicate way to ask it, so she set her tea down and said, "Sev, I need your advice." "I already told you," he said, smirking, "that what you do about your underthings is your business." She smiled, smacking his shoulder playfully before she let the smile and said, "No, it's about dealing with Albus." Severus hummed for her to continue as he sipped his tea. "Well, it's just that…in all the time I've been here, you've had enough bargaining chips that you've gone into matters with a fairly good hand, and he hasn't tested you, but that can't have always been the case." Severus frowned, and nodded slightly. "The thing is," she said, leaning back on the arm of the sofa, "he knows I'm in a vulnerable position. I mean, I usually am. And I imagine that when you first came to him, you had a similar thing, a position where he held all the cards. So…how do you play a hand when you know he's got all the cards?" Severus tilted his head slightly and said, "Well, there's a few ways. But my suggestion? You can either bluff, or you can cheat, but you cannot – for a moment – blink. I made that mistake, and I expect I'll pay for it the rest of my life." She wanted to ask what that meant, but his eyes closed off, and she knew he wouldn't answer. Lydia simply thanked him. When it was time, she went the familiar path to Albus's office and told the gargoyle the password – Fizzing Whizbee – and she took the stone stairs up to the wooden door, knocking and entering when prompted. She started at the sight of Albus flipping through a little album she recognized – one she thought she'd lost when she left her flat behind. She'd thought of it a few times in the first years after moving, but she'd simply assumed she'd left it behind. Seeing it on Albus's desk now, she wasn't sure what to think. To what lows would he stoop to have the upper hand? "Ah, Lydia," he said, smiling. "Please, come in. Tea?" "No, thank you," she said. "I've just had some." He nodded, not making any for himself as she sat down across from him, frowning at the album as he flipped through it leisurely, as if it didn't contain her memories and precious moments in it. Lydia wanted to demand to have it back, but she decided to wait to see if he explained himself. After a long moment, he said, "Lily's, I believe. It came into your possession after her death?" "Yes, it did," she said, guarded, not wanting to give him an excuse not to explain himself. "How, exactly, did it come into your possession?" "Oh, the way things do, you know," he said dismissively. "I feel that this isn't the sort of thing you would want to lose," he said, flipping to a page in a way she expected was deliberate. "Oh, look." Lydia's throat tightened as she glanced down at the album and saw a picture of her teenaged self with Sirius, dancing with him. He was kissing her cheek and she was giggling, not displeased by the act at all. She felt a horrible rush of nausea at the sight of the photograph. "What will you say," he said softly, "if someday Harry asks you about his parents' friends?" Lydia swallowed. It was a question she hadn't asked herself, although perhaps she should have. He was bound to be curious. "There's…plenty of names to give him," Lydia whispered. "Artemis and Mary, Peter and Remus and the Prewetts…. There's no reason to mention Sirius." "Wrong answer," Albus said softly, turning the page to a picture of the quidditch team, another after graduation where they were all at Sirius's house, with Lydia on Sirius's lap. "If he asks about Remus, wants to meet him?" Lydia swallowed. Remus was unpredictable enough with her, and she'd known him most of her life. How could she subject Harry to his moods and concerns, knowing that Remus wouldn't want Harry to know the truth. He'd all but said he wanted all his news strictly through her. "I – I suppose I could leave out Remus," she said, tucking hair behind her ear, wondering what he was getting at. "Wrong answer again," Albus said softly, turning another page, then another, pausing at a picture from the wedding with Lily and James and Sirius. Lydia had been another almost identical, just out of frame in this one. "If he asks how you survived when so many died? Where your mother grew up? The neighborhood you lived in as children…where you still, it would seem, live?" Lydia felt nauseous again and she realized what he was saying. Almost any question Harry asked her had either an impossible answer, or an answer that led to a question with an impossible answer. She felt panic in her chest as she realized how much more complicated this would be than she had thought. "What do you suggest?" she asked softly, knowing he wouldn't simply put her through this if he didn't have something he wanted her to do about it. Albus never planned halfway. He lifted his eyes from the album for the first time, the blue of them cold and untwinkling. "Don't answer questions," he said softly. She opened her mouth to ask him how she was supposed to get away with that, but he continued, "He does not know you have anything to do with his family, has never heard your name, and wouldn't have you as a teacher for several years, if he takes your course at all. Unless someone else mentions it, there's no reason for him to ever know. And it's best that you not tell him. Anything." Lydia inhaled, frowning. Could decide what emotions she was feeling through the flood of conflicting ones, and finally she realized she had tears in her eyes. Anger, she realized. She was angry, upset, pained… "Why are you doing this?" she asked. "How long have you…held this up your sleeve? You couldn't have snatched that book since I declined the sabbatical. I've been missing it longer than that. Why?" Albus tilted his head up slightly, looking down at her through his half-moon spectacles instead of over them. He didn't answer the question, but instead said, "Have a nice night, Lydia. I will see you at dinner, if you feel up to it. Please, don't strain yourself. I know you have some emotionally taxing days ahead of you." Without saying any words of parting, Lydia stood abruptly and crossed to the door. She wasn't interested in taking her leave. She was surprised when Albus's voice said her name and she paused, turning to find the album hovering beside her in the air. She snatched it from the air and tucked it under her arm, grasping the doorknob on the little wooden door. Before she turned it, Albus said, "Please understand, Lydia, that everything I've done for you – whether you wanted it or not – has been weighed very carefully against all other options before my decision was made. I will not pretend I always do everything for your benefit, but I do try, and when I cannot, I only sacrifice your benefit for the greatest benefit for everyone. Some things are, unfortunately, greater than the individual." Lydia felt some of her anger dissipate when she heard the weariness in his voice, when she wondered just how many peoples' suffering he was juggling, trying to assuage or lessen or eliminate. No one should ever have that responsibility, but perhaps that was the price of greatness. She didn't envy him, but she couldn't quite pity him when she was still so upset, so she simply left his office, taking deep, steady breaths. A/N: So…Albus is being pushy again, Narcissa is spicing up their love life (or trying), and Severus is trying not to say how much he actually would like to see Lydia in lacy things. Such a gentleman. Review Prompt: So…let's pick out lingerie for Lydia, shall we? You take her lingerie shopping…. What are you thrusting in her shopping cart? This can be things you think she'd be comfortable with or things you think Sev would appreciate, or BOTH. I'm excited to see y'alls thoughts on this one. NEW FEATURE! Q&A Here's the deal…you guys have FABULOUS questions, and I think it's SO limiting to only let the person who asks see the answer. Most of the time. And sometimes, like, six of you ask me the same question, and I have to respond to all of you, over time, and be like, "UGH why didn't I just do a note about this three chapters ago?" So this is really for you AND for me. Every update, I will answer a question. I'll write down EVERY question y'all submit in reviews or PMs marked Q&A and who asked them. Obviously, if I'm only answering ONE question (special events, you might get two), I'll get some backing up, but I'm going to keep a written record of everything, so priority goes to highly relevant questions or questions asked by multiple readers. This can be things about the plot, about the future of the plot, the characters, my process, ANYTHING. Since no questions have been submitted, I'm going to ask the question this time, and supply the answer. If I have more where I don't have questions, I'll make them up, because sometimes y'all don't ask things and I'm like, "How has nobody asked this?" Q: Where did Lydia come from? A: GREAT QUESTION, myself! :D Lydia is partially a product of the project, wanting to have a kind of super-slow burn to see how far I can push readers in pacing before you all revolt and leave the story. Strangely and wonderfully, that hasn't happened, so maybe I've done a good job? I will confess, though, that she's kind of a dumping ground for a lot of my own insecurities and fears. I'm an observer, a passive figure in my own story in so many ways, and by choice. Sometimes, I look at myself and I think, "God, why am I not taking more control, going after things?" So a lot of her avoidance, her physical insecurities, her earlier panics over how poor of a teacher she thought she'd be, her back-and-forth with Remus are reworkings of my own insecurities and fears and issues. Obviously, when they're all slopped together and blown up into a character, they're a bit more grating because she doesn't have a lot of things I like about myself…except her academic nature. So while I won't say she's me, part of the project has been a therapeutic way of managing things I don't like about me and seeing them on a page. I didn't plan it that way, but it's been interesting to see it develop as that. CHEERS, guys! Can't wait to see y'alls questions! -C
The staff – not quite all of it, to Lydia's confusion – sat around the staff room table, gravely awaiting some information from Albus. She sat by Severus, his hand in her lap. Minerva was there, and Filius, and Pomona. Quirinus was back from his time in Albania and he sat on the other side of the table, pressing his hands together absently. He was wearing a rather large turban, and Lydia both wanted to ask him about it and didn't particularly want to converse with him about anything. Since he'd come back to Hogwarts, every time he looked at Lydia, his face took on a most peculiar expression, and he hadn't deigned to speak to her, almost seeming afraid to. She might have confronted Severus about threatening the man to leave her alone, except Severus seemed just as baffled by the behavior as she was. She had no time to ponder this, now, however. Albus had just sat down at the head of the table, his eyes without twinkle, his hands pressed together. He looked out at each of them over his half-moon glasses and said softly, "Hogwarts is called upon this year to protect something of great, if not immeasurable value." Several of the teachers exchanged curious glances, but they didn't say anything. "A dear old friend of mine has an item which we feel is no longer safe anywhere else," Albus said softly. "It will be hidden underground, by a device which I have acquired. Before I put it there, however, I intend to have a great number of challenges for a person to pass before they reach the device. Hagrid has already agreed to give us use of Fluffy to guard the trap door to the chamber. Of course, Fluffy must be locked in, and the whole corridor forbidden to students. While Fluffy is well-trained, I wouldn't think a very hungry dog with three heads is something students should stumble upon. However, I would like for all of you to think of some way to hold them up further. "Ideas?" he asked brightly, peering around at them. Lydia chewed on her lip, not certain how she could help. As a student of numbers, she had no practical way of blocking a would-be thief from their end goal. "I have a pretty good idea," Minerva said proudly. "It will need a rather large space." Albus inclined his head in acknowledgement. "I should think," Pomona said softly, "that you'll have some kind of…drop into the chamber?" "Quite," Albus said solemnly. "Quite a long one, through a trapdoor, I should think." "Devil's Snare should do quite nicely," Pomona said, nodding thoughtfully. "If I start this month, it will be fully mature by spring. Of course, I could transplant some, if you want it to be able to break a fall sooner." "I shall consider," Albus said, smiling. "Transplanting may be necessary. Filius? You look like a man with an idea or two." "Charmed, winged keys," Filius said excitedly. "One must find the right key for the door, catch the key, and then they might move on. Not an easy task, I should think." They all nodded, although Lydia felt that a good Seeker might not have too much trouble. She'd certainly never manage, but she'd known a few in school who might have done. "P-p-p-perhaps a m-m-m-mountain t-t-troll," Quirinus suggested. "I'll s-s-s-s-see what I can d-d-d-d-do." Lydia frowned, looking at Quirinus. She'd not heard him say anything extended since he returned, and she wondered what exactly had happened to him that he could no longer speak for stuttering. She was about to say that while she wanted to help, she couldn't think of what use she could be when Severus said, "I believe Lydia and I could do something together." She blinked. Could they? "Elaborate, please," Albus said, obviously intrigued. Severus glanced around at the others before he said, "A logic puzzle must have options, consequences. We create a logic puzzle, with potions. Some will allow the drinker to go forward, or back. Some will be harmless – wine or gillywater, or something of that effect – and only one drink will allow the drinker to move forward, only one allowing the drink to move back. There will be clues organized to assist the drinker in finding the right drink for their wishes, making it easiest to find the one that moves backwards than the one that moves ahead, naturally. To brew such a system would be simple, and I know Lydia can organize the logic puzzle." Lydia flushed, nodding when Albus raised his eyebrow at her as if to ask whether she could accomplish it. She knew she could, although they would have to decide how much of each thing they were offering, how they would bottle it and arrange it…. Yes, once her variables were sorted out, she had no doubt that she could be useful, after all. "Albus," Minerva said as they were dismissed, not a one of them standing to go. "Albus, what are we guarding, exactly? Who is this friend?" Quirinus seemed the only one not interested, but when Albus said, "The friend is Nicolas Flamel," Quirinus paused, his neck stiffening with interest. It wasn't difficult to figure out why. If the friend was Flamel, than the precious thing could only be the Philosopher's Stone, which was all but invaluable, indeed. Elixir of Life? As much gold as the possessor wanted? It was the sort of thing that the greediest of wizards would pay whatever price for. She had no doubt that many had tried to steal it already, and the question was merely whom they thought was trying to steal it this time. Lydia followed the other teachers down to the Great Hall, taking her seat at the Head Table with the Stone still in her mind. She wondered why here, why now, and who was after it. Minerva left to open the main doors for students, and Lydia tried to focus on anything but the sedative-laced tea in her goblet. No doubt Albus wanted to put it in something else, but this was Severus's final word. Students filed in, as usual. Lydia was mildly perturbed to see that Minvera had made Percy Weasley, of all people, a Prefect. He'd be insufferable for years, now, and he'd been close to it already. She held her breath, waiting for the first years to returned with Minerva once the older students were settled and they were ready for the Sorting. They followed her in as usual, in a line. Lydia tried not to search the faces for Harry, but it was difficult as the new students turned their heads, scanning the room, taking in the new sights. Many seemed interested by the splendor of it, but many others were amazed by the floating candles and, as usual, the enchanted ceiling. She could see one young girl glance up at the ceiling and whisper something to a nearby student, but not with wonder. Perhaps she'd heard about the ceiling from a cousin or parent. Lydia spotted him easily. Harry had his father's hair. In fact, from this distance and with the glasses he was wearing, Lydia would not have been able to pick Harry out from father at eleven. Albus had warned her that the resemblance was strong, but she felt as though she were in school again, as though at any moment he'd grin, ask her if she'd been practicing her Quidditch. Severus gripped her hand under the table. The students all turned their attention, as the older students already had, to the Sorting Hat. She could feel the apprehension, and the confusion as the Hat opened its brim and began to sing, as it did every year. The song hardly mattered, and she applauded as usual at its conclusion. Some students whispered to each other, their relief obvious when the realized that all they needed to do for the Sorting was to put a hat on their heads. Many would have been nervous about skills they would have to perform. Minerva stepped forward with the list of new students and said, "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted. Abbott, Hannah!" Lydia bit the inside of her lip and watched a blonde girl stumble forward and put on the Hat. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Applause from the Hufflepuff table, and Minerva moved right on down the line. "Bones, Susan!" Edgar's niece, Lydia thought grimly. She knew too many casualties, and now she knew too many of their relatives. "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Boot, Terry!" "RAVENCLAW!" Lydia remembered his face, knowing she was likely to be his teacher someday. Not all Ravenclaws took Arithmancy, but many did. "Brocklehurst, Mandy!" "RAVENCLAW!" "Brown, Lavender!" "GRYFFINDOR!" Perhaps it was Lydia's imagination, but the Gryffindor sortings always seemed to be the loudest roar of approval. She clapped mildly, knowing it was the expectations. "Bulstrode, Millicent!" "SLYTHERIN!" Severus clapped a bit harder this time. Her eyes scanned the crowd. It would be so long before Harry was called forward. "Finch-Fletchley, Justin!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Finnigan, Seamus!" "GRYFFINDOR!" "Granger, Hermione!" The girl called forward was the one who had spoken about the ceiling, with bushy hair and the most eager gait as she came forward to be Sorted. She practically jammed the hat onto her head, her shoulders belying anxiety despite her eagerness. "GRYFFINDOR!" Lydia clapped, and she had a feeling she might have smiled if not for the sedative. It was hard to think of smiling when she couldn't even tell what shape her mouth was making now. "Longbottom, Neville!" She squeezed Severus's hand gently, thinking of Frank and Alice and the horrible fate they'd suffered. She hadn't visited them. She didn't think she could, didn't think that she had the emotional strength for that, no matter how far she'd come. She supposed Neville visited them. She couldn't imagine Augusta would keep him away from things like that. The woman had very little sensitivity about her. "GRYFFINDOR!" Well, that was something his father would have been immensely proud of, Lydia mused. Neville seemed relieved, and he was so relieved that he walked off with the Hat, and had to scurry back up as other students laughed. "MacDougal, Morag!" "RAVENCLAW!" "Malfoy, Draco!" Severus did not seem to react at all to the name. For the very briefest of moments, Lydia found this puzzling, but she supposed there was no doubt where Draco would be Sorted. It made no sense to be at all concerned about it. "SLYTHERIN!" the Hat screamed, when the hat merely grazed the top of his head. Lydia tapped her thigh anxiously, barely listening as Moon, Nott, Parkinson were all Sorted into Slytherin – as Patil and Patil and Perks were Sorted. "Potter, Harry!" Breathing seemed impossible and time seemed to slow down. Whispers were breaking out across the Hall, which was usually respectfully quiet during the Sorting. Everyone was curious about Harry, and many people were craning for a good look. As he came closer, Lydia could see that the shape of his eyes was wrong for him to take completely after James. Even from as far away as she was, she could see that the shape and color of his eyes was exactly like Lily – green, almond-shaped eyes. Lydia tried to force herself to breathe, but it was so difficult. The Hat did not seem to take especially long on Harry's head, but she knew it would feel like forever to him. It always seemed so long, the conversation with the Sorting Hat. Finally, it bellowed, "GRYFFINDOR!" Lydia still couldn't breathe, and she was mildly pleased that they'd had her take a sedative, knowing from the knot in her chest that she'd be crying if not for the drug. Lily and James would have been so incredibly proud. She would have to write to Remus. Not that he would be surprised, but he'd be pleased. If Lily and James weren't there, she supposed they could cover being pleased between them. The roar of approval was immense, and she could scarcely hear. She barely noticed anything as she listened to the rest of the Sorting, except that there was yet another Weasley, obviously Sorted to Gryffindor. During dinner, she tried not to stare at Harry, or even look at him, and when it was time to leave, she determinedly stared at the Ravenclaws so she wasn't watching him go. Lydia left the Sorting ceremony that night feeling as though she'd stepped into a kind of alternate reality, and Severus said nothing about it for the rest of the night. Perhaps he wanted to give her space from it, or perhaps he simply didn't want to hear her chatter on about it. Either way, they said nothing. Her new third year students were her first charge of the new year. No Weasley twins, not that she was terribly surprised. She saw two of their Quidditch teammates whispering in the corner, and she saw Cho Chang from the Ravenclaw team smoothing out a piece of parchment that had been crumpled lightly in her bag. "Good morning," Lydia said, setting down the book she'd been moving off her role list. The class echoed back her greeting, and although they were tired, it was early enough in the year that this did not bother them excessively. Excitement was still in the air, especially with taking their new courses. "Welcome to your first day of Arithmancy," she said, resting on the edge of the desk and looking at all the faces staring back up at her. "You're going to have a long week ahead of you, of course, getting adjusted to your new courses, but the work will begin immediately, and this might help with your adjustment. I expect all of you to give your best. You won't all be able to become Arithmancers, but all of you have the opportunity to succeed at the most important aspects, connecting to many other types of magic. That is, you can succeed if you give the appropriate effort." A few students seemed encouraged by this, but there were always those who feared that the appropriate effort was more than they were willing to give. She began by explaining that numbers were a language, and that this language determined everything in nature, including the magic that existed in nature, including the magical core and ambient natural magic. She thought this was the boring part, but students always seemed fascinated with the idea that through numbers, and a proper understanding of interaction, they can understand the entirety of the magical world. She tried to explain it in the broadest possible terms, not knowing what interests the students had. Once she explained her expectations of workload, in-class behavior, and the reading load. Many students thought she had low expectations when they started, but almost all of them came away readying two or three times as much material as she assigned for a week. She informed them of her office hours, and how she fully expected them to take advantage of these hours when they didn't understand something, to avoid failing. She then began by lecturing on basic properties of the base numbers. Students took eager notes, and she mused that perhaps Severus was right about the benefits of being a name in or on their textbooks. They truly did seem more interested for her status. Lydia kept expectation on student answer to very limited amounts on the first day, as there was a great deal of information to cover, and not a great deal of time for them to pause and process answers to questions. She did expect them to do the reading and review the notes for the next class, and she said as much before they left. They were to come prepared to discuss and answer questions on both the first days' lecture material and the assigned reading. Students usually didn't find this very unusual, especially as she tried to work them up to large assignments of reading. She was surprised when Angelina Johnson paused at the end of class to talk to her, and Lydia nodded the girl on, more curious than anything else what the girl would have to say after so little information had been given to her. "I wanted to say, professor," Angelina said, "that George was very interested in the idea of taking your class, but they didn't feel it was their…area." Lydia's lips twitched and she silently thanked Merlin that the twins had decided not to take her course. She said kindly, "Well, not everyone can justify taking Arithmancy as a course, but you can tell that my door is open to hobbyists as well as students. My line of study is hardly a dangerous one for those who wish to dabble. My office hours stand." The look in Angelina's eyes told her that she might regret putting that option on the table for the twins, but at least she didn't have to worry about them being bored in her class. When students like that got bored – she knew from her own time as a student – there was usually a great deal of mayhem as result. Lydia watched Angelina leave with Alicia Spinnet and she rubbed her temple absently, silently wishing she didn't have to go to meals. Every time she saw Harry was like pouring cold water through her insides, and when she saw him walk into the Great Hall for breakfast that morning, she nearly dropped her fork. Severus had said nothing yet, but she knew he was concerned about her, and no doubt he was wondering if perhaps it was a poor idea for her not to take the sabbatical. She stepped out into the corridor and nearly gasped at the sight of Harry rushing along it with the latest Weasley, out of breath and obviously lost. "Professor!" Harry said, and she realized he had to be talking to her. She felt sick. His voice, it was so like James. She nodded, not trusting herself to speak. "Which way is the north stair?" She gestured toward the staircase in question, and nodded again when he thanked her and the two boys rushed off again. Her heart was racing she realized, watching him go. The corners of her vision blurred. She stepped back into her office and fought the urge to throw something, although she couldn't explain the urge at all. A/N: So... HARRY IS HERE! Excited? I'm excited. Let's be real, I think we're all excited. Review Prompt: Why d'you think George wanted to take Arithmancy? Q&A! Q: How did you decide Gryffindor was the right House for Lydia? (WickedGreene13) A: GREAT Question. Difficult question to answer, actually. MissRoseAlanaHorton and I talked about it on her sofa last night and in the car this morning as I tried to figure it out. I mean, first of all, I've been working on this story for YEARS now, so some of the details of how I got from point A to point Bare a bit fuzzy. But let me see about the best possible answer. So, As I think I've mentioned a few times, CC started as a dream where the entire plot occurred in the span of a dream. I've tweaked and expanded in some places, obviously, because this is a breathing art work and is allowed to grow and change. Lydia was a Gryffindor in the dream, so in a simplistic sense, I could say that's why I did it and leave it at that, but I don't feel like that's a real answer. I think that you should look at Lydia as a kind of Neville. The Hat knew what she would grow to be, and she probably wanted to be with either Lydia or Severus. She knew Sev wanted to be a Slytherin, and Lily was already Sorted into Gryffindor. She would never have been a Slytherin, but if Lily had been Sorted into Ravenclaw, the Hat may have leaned in that direction. She may have subconsciously requested it. I didn't just do it as a matter of convenience. Sometimes I go in knowing I want a Gryffindor or a Hufflepuff or whatever and fashion a character accordingly, and sometimes I form a character and then assign the House when I've figured out who they are and what makes them tick. With Lydia, she just always was a Gryffindor. It never occurred to me why or whether she might be better somewhere else. If you feel she would have been better somewhere else, remember that there are all sorts of bravery. That's something I'm going to cover in something…else. I'll tell you about that later. Spoilers. Almost spilled the beans early. ;) -C
Lydia decided that to throttle Percy Weasley would be unproductive, but the idea was tempting, nonetheless. She watched the fifth year students work through the "welcome back" equation on the board, her little way of seeing how much had leaked out of their minds over the summer, how great her challenge was to get them back up to speed. He seemed determined to prove that he had maintained everything that had been previously taught. Lydia supposed, as she circled the room, that he was desperate to prove he was equal to Bill and Charlie, or even better. She didn't think he'd ever really amount to his elder brothers, but it wouldn't ever be for want of trying. She saw that Penelope Clearwater had finished her equation, needing only to clean up the work, although the raw material was undeniably correct, and Lydia cleared her throat, signaling that their quills should be promptly set down. Although there were a few sounds of disappointment from some of the slower and struggling students, all quills went down, and Lydia leaned against her desk, almost sitting on it as she looked out at their faces. "Welcome back," she said, not smiling. They were already exhausted from all the reminders that they had OWLs coming up. Smiles would just be aggravating. "You've all had the talk, so I'll keep this brief. We have one year now to be absolutely certain you're all adequately prepared for an exam that will determine whether you are skilled enough to continue in this course. That may not sound like much, but it could be a month, so be grateful we have that year. I expect you to work hard, to take this year very seriously, and to be prepared to put in extra time and energy where you need it, because all of you will need at least some." The students were listening with total attention, and she could see that some of them were frowning at the thought of having to pour in even more effort. She didn't like the feeling of forcing them to do more work, but she knew it was necessary. She explained that she would negotiate open door policies for their year and the seventh years as she covered various essential topics, and as they came closer and closer to the exams. After all, she didn't write the exams they were going to take, and she couldn't ever be totally sure what they would be tested on. "Obviously, many of you have other commitments," she said, smiling apologetically, "between clubs and sports and how many of you are prefects – congratulations, by the way – but if you find that my open door doesn't work for you and you very much need some of my time, we will work something out. Don't be afraid to ask. And don't leave it for the last minute, because there will be a higher demand on my time the closer we get to exams." The students nodded their understanding, and she knew that those who were Prefects perked up at the reference to their being honored by the heads of their Houses. "Now," she said, waving her wand to put up the next bit of formula, "who can tell me what we're looking at, here?" Theoretically, every single one of them should have been able to put their hand in the air within twenty seconds, as it had been a necessary skill for passing fourth year Arithmancy. Several of the students recognized it right away, and a few more took a moment to process before putting up a hand. She had a few, however, who looked sheepishly up at the board, clearly not certain they could give the right answer, if called on. Their hands stayed down. "Right," she said, smiling weakly. "As usual, we've got a bit of ground to cover from the summer. It happens every year, you know. But we need to get up to speed quickly this year, because there's quite a lot to cover." The students who hadn't raised their hands wilted, but those who had seemed steeled for the challenge. She walked them through the first part of the formula on the board, and she saw that slowly, all the eyes looking back at her held understanding and remembrance. This was one of her favorite parts of the year, the students gathering their thoughts again, recalling what they'd mostly forgotten. She had a feeling that if she understood Legilimency like Severus did, she could use it to pull their knowledge back to the forefront after every break, although she wasn't sure it could be done unobtrusively. Something to consider, although she knew she'd never be able to learn it. She would ask Severus, nonetheless. "Very good," she said, beaming out at them. "Remember, this is a difficult year, but we'll get you all whipped into shape as soon as possible. You all have the required reading?" They nodded, scribbling in planners they'd pulled out. That was one blessing of teaching something like Arithmancy – the students were responsible enough to all have planners and use them properly and regularly. Lydia had never needed one, as she hadn't cared about most of her courses and had a good memory for tasks. "Right, I'll need you to keep up on the reading, perhaps even work with me individually on your reading schedule so those of you who need more time on something get it, and those of you who can take on more should certainly be allowed to take on more, so that you'll have even more time for review at the end of the year." Several of the weaker students paled at this, and she decided not to get too far ahead of where they were, not wanting to cause panic. Plenty of students would be hospitalized for their various forms of panic and desperation and she didn't want to be responsible for it, certainly not so soon into the year. She dismissed the students two minutes early, knowing no one else would this week, and she went back to her quarters, where she would take a break before her next course. She put the kettle on and was just about to shed her outer layer for a while when there was a knock on the door and she held her breath, frowning. It wouldn't be a student, not at his quarters. And it seemed unlikely to be a fellow professor, but then…. It couldn't be Filch, and it certainly wasn't Severus. Very carefully, she opened the door and was half-relieved and half-disturbed to find Albus looking at her. "Oh," she said, her shoulders relaxing that it wasn't Minerva or something like that. She had no real excuse to be in Severus's quarters on her free time when he was still at class – not unless she was willing to tell the truth about their…relationship? "Indeed," Albus said, amused. "I had hoped to find you here. Have you and Severus finished the Potions promised?" "Yes," Lydia said, frowning, thinking of the project they were doing for protecting the Philosopher's Stone. "We haven't… Well, I haven't finished with the logic puzzle, so I don't know how you'll want to arrange them, and you shouldn't put up the enchantments until the arrangements are in order. Severus knows which is which, and he'll be able to take care of that when we've finished. Do you have a deadline?" Albus smiled a kindly smile, like none of the issues between them had ever happened, and he said, "Oh, as soon as you can. I won't rush you. I'm sure you and Severus will be the first to finish, regardless of you selecting to work as a pair. I think you work more quickly when you work together. A rare sort of partnership." Lydia bit back her comments about how Albus regularly tried to throw a wrench into that partnership. She thought she'd choose her battles carefully over the next seven years, as it wasn't likely to be a quiet matter, managing Albus's desire to keep her away from Harry and her desires to make up for all the years she had more or less abandoned him to the Dursleys. He was about to leave, she could feel it, when she said, "Albus, how is he?" Albus paused, smiling again, although more tightly this time as she gave him the Potions. "Harry?" he said, as though she could have been asking about anyone else. "Harry seems to be getting around well enough. As well as can be expected from a first year without older siblings, although I would have suspected that Mr. Weasley's elder siblings might have given him better aid. He has made friends, and most of the professors have thus far had only positive things to say." "Most?" Lydia said tightly, anxious. Albus glanced around the quarters for a moment before he said, "He hasn't had Severus, yet. You know as well as I how that will go. I would ask you to have a word with him, but I know it won't help. Good afternoon." Lydia wished she could ask something else, but she wasn't even sure what she wanted to say when Albus closed the door behind him, taking the Potions she had given him. She pursed her lips, closing her eyes, knowing Albus was right. Whatever Harry might have in common with Lily, or completely different from both parents, Severus wouldn't see anything past the uncanny resemblance he bore to his father. Every time Lydia saw him, she would forget to breathe, and she probably went pale for fear that she'd seen a ghost. Sooner or later, he was going to realize, she knew. Especially if he took her course, Harry would realize that she had known his father, because she didn't think she would ever get used to seeing James standing in front of her and having to remind herself that it wasn't really James. She sat on the sofa, staring up at the stone ceiling, feeling a wave of guilt that hit her every so often. She'd been there at his birth, she'd helped pick out his birthday presents for his first birthday, she'd turned down being his godmother. And she wasn't even allowed to say she'd known his parents. Of course, she'd probably not be able to keep herself from saying more if she got started, so she could understand the wisdom in keeping her distance, but she hoped Albus understood how painful this would be. Seven years…. Lydia rubbed her head and looked at the tea kettle, wondering if she had time and deciding that she probably wouldn't. Instead, she scooped up her bag and returned to her classroom, setting up the board and pulling out a book, trying to focus her mind on the words instead of on the cocktail of feelings she'd been trying to manage. She had limited success, and when the first of her sixth years began to trickle in, Lydia felt mildly relieved, closing her book and setting it aside. She nodded each time a student asked if they should or could get started on the information on the board, and she waited for them patiently to finish filing in. Once it was time to begin the class, she gestured for them to pause in their work, which they all did dutifully. "You'll have a moment to complete the work on the board shortly," she said. "But I wanted to take a moment to congratulate you. You've all proved your skill and proficiency in my subject, not just to me, but to independent examiners. Now, in a year's time, we'll be talking about your NEWT in earnest, but it's important for you to know now that every single one of you is capable of passing that exam." Several of them started at this, but she pressed on, saying, "Some of you will choose, over the coming week, to drop the course, and I understand that fully. You don't all need it, and you may need more time for things you do need, but know that while I will push you, I will also make myself available to you as often as possible to support you in this increased difficulty and workload." She was surprised when one of her few Slytherins raised a hand and she blinked, nodding. He looked a bit nervous, but inhaled and said, "Professor Rowe, would it be possible for you…if you have time, mind…. Could you perhaps tutor us in a different subject, on an ad hoc basis?" Lydia blinked, startled. She didn't think there was anything against the rules about it, but the question was unorthodox, to be certain. She didn't feel qualified to tutor students at NEWT level in most subjects, and she was worried he'd ask something like Herbology or Defense. "What exactly did you have in mind?" she asked, trying to be more amused than bemused, and several students exchanged a glance before chorusing their response. "Potions," they said firmly, and Lydia almost laughed. She could understand the anxiety, and knew that they couldn't possibly ask Severus for extra tutoring and attention. She licked her lips, considering. They knew that she was friends with Severus, certainly, and it was very likely that they'd heard her discuss brewing, or overheard that she would sometimes brew with Severus. No doubt that was enough of an endorsement, as Severus would not brew with just any dunderhead. "I see," she said, leaning so that she was almost sitting on the edge of her desk. "Let me see if I understand. You're asking that on top of my classes, grading, research, and office hours for Arithmancy – as well as my visits to the Arithmancy Club – you would like me to hold occasional tutoring sessions for NEWT level Potions students. You assume that I have a NEWT in Potions, that I have the free time and inclination, and that Professor Snape would not take this as an affront." The students looked mortified, and one actually spluttered as though trying to choke out an explanation, but she raised a hand, amused, and said, "I'll consider it and discuss it with Professor Snape. If he's not offended, and if I can find the time, and if there's not some kind of odd regulation against it, then I see no problem with occasionally helping you with Potions. Provided that if you come to me about someone else's course, you're up to date and up to scratch in mine first." The students seemed to find this a reasonable set of requirements, and she watched them relax, nodding, their shoulders loosening. She told them to return to the work on the board, which she would use to assess how they were coming into the year. Class slipped by at the usual pace, and as always on the first class back with new students, Lydia had a feeling that she was short on time, as though she never had enough minutes in the class to cover everything she needed to cover. When she made tea for Severus that evening, she told him about how her students wanted her to tutor them. His eyes narrowed and he said, "You already tutor them. What further claim on your time could they request?" "Oh, not in Arithmancy," she said, sitting on his lap as she handed him his tea. "They want me to tutor them in Potions. Seems your NEWT students are afraid to ask you for extra help and feel that my method of explanation might help them pass their exams." Severus snorted, sipping his tea while Lydia could still see the steam lifting off its surface. She couldn't imagine how horrible that must feel on his tongue, but she said nothing, caressing his jaw as he drank. When he moved the cup, resting it on her knee, warming her skin through the fabric of her robes, his dark eyes fixed on hers. "Desperate fools," he said, letting her press her forehead to his. "Tell me you're not thinking of doing it." "I won't do anything without your approval," she said, "and Albus's. But you're not going to tutor them, obviously. And as long as they come in during my regular office hours, I don't see a problem helping them out, do you?" Severus's shoulders relaxed minutely, and she realized that his greatest hesitation to agreeing with the plan wasn't anything to do with his pride, but rather with the thought that further demands on her time would mean less time for him. Lydia continued to caress his jaw, gently coaxing him forward. He did lean forward after several long moments, and he kissed her lips gently. "Whatever you'd like," he whispered before kissing her again. His cool lips were warmer than usual, probably from his consumption of the blistering hot tea. Lydia made a mental note to ask Albus about the appropriateness of offering to tutor students in a course other than what she was teaching, but all of that could be done later. For the moment, she was enjoying the way it felt to simply sit on a sofa with Severus, exchanging kisses between sips of tea and occasionally making small snippets of conversation. This early in the year, while things were still so relaxed, she felt she had a right to quiet moments like these, as they would be nearly impossible toward exams. "Albus picked up the potions for the chamber." "He mentioned," Severus said, before finishing the last dregs of his tea. "Are you any closer to finishing the logic puzzle?" "I'm close," she said, stretching her legs. "Is it foolish for me to make it rhyme?" "I suppose that depends on whether you prefer Pope or Milton, doesn't it?" Lydia snorted at the reference to some Muggle reading they'd done as teenagers, bored over the summer and not yet old enough to do magic to entertain themselves, too poor to go out and do anything fun. "Whatever you decide," he said, before kissing her again, and Lydia supposed she'd just write it out and see if a rhyme happened or not. A/N: So…Lydia may be doing Potions tutoring? Ha, bet y'all didn't see that one coming, did you? Review Prompt: What will be the greatest strain on Lydia this year, the nightmares, the issue of not speaking to Harry, or the shit with Quirrell? Q&A: I got some good ones, so here we go! Q: Why can't Lydia finally go to a mind Healer or at least talk to someone? (NovaHearts) A: Good question. First of all, can you imagine Lydia – Lydia who doesn't even want to take a Pepper-Up when she's ill – going to a Healer of any sort without being forced at wandpoint by someone who cares about her? I certainly can't. As far as talking to someone…. Well, similar problems. She doesn't really have anyone to talk to apart from Severus and Remus, and she's in some ruts with them where it would be difficult. On top of that, they're both too close to her pain, which makes it impossible. Even her new "friend," Narcissa, would not be a good candidate, as her husband was a Death Eater. Plus, they're not even close to being that close yet. Anyone she might have talked about these sorts of things with is dead, and she really didn't have deep conversations before the war, if you remember. When things bothered her, she actively avoided talking with Lily about them, and she didn't exactly speak her mind to Mary or Artemis. She's come a long way, but she's not had a lot of opportunity to grow in this regard. There will be a time when she can speak her mind more freely to Severus, but a few things must be wrapped up first. Try to be patient. :D -C
As the first week back drew closer to a close, Lydia felt a bit more tired than usual. She knew that the emotional and psychological stresses on her were higher than usual for the start of a year, and she felt that her potion was not as effective as it had been when she first took it. Lydia walked up and down the rows of her fourth year students, watching the students work as she tried not to think about how attentive she'd been during breakfast. She had made a mental note of everything Harry had put on his plate, even when she told herself she was being foolish. He had his mother's eating habits, she thought, although it might have had more to do with Lydia's childhood eating habits than Lily's. Likely, he got whatever was left when the Dursleys finished eating, and that accounted for why he was so thin. Eating too much – as much as his Weasley friend did – while at Hogwarts would only cause problems for his health when he went back to Surrey. Lydia felt an ache at the base of her ribs as she thought of how terrible it was that Lily's child had to suffer what Lydia and Severus had hidden from everyone else for so many years. This wasn't what any of them would have hoped for Harry, and yet here they were, trying to deal with the mess that was his almost certain maltreatment from Lily's terrible sister. How ironic, Lydia thought, angrily, that Petunia had looked down her nose at the Snapes and the Rowes for essentially the same behavior she and her whale of a husband were enacting on Harry. If she thought it would do any good, Lydia would have gone to Surrey and given Petunia a piece of her mind. "Lydia," Severus said softly, "if you are unopposed, could we take lunch and do some of those calculations we discussed?" She could see no problem with doing a working lunch in the kitchens, so they agreed to it before she took her bag and headed off for her morning class, the third year students. She wanted to arrive before them, knowing they'd look a bit queasy when they arrived and would need to be placated before anything could be accomplished. Lydia set up the board, rubbed her temples, and told herself that she wouldn't be angry that evening, no matter what she heard about Harry's first Potions lesson. She resolved to be tolerant of Severus's irrationality regarding James's son, and she resolved to be silently sympathetic to the frustration and confusion Harry would no doubt feel at whatever his treatment was. If he was lucky, it would only be a few lost points. If not, well, she'd pity him while he served his detention. When the students trickled in, Lydia expressed a sympathetic face, watching how weary they all looked compared with how they'd been when she first met them, earlier in the week. It was amazing, how quickly life could be sapped out of third, fifth, and seventh year students. "It's been a long week," she said when they were all seated, frowning up at her in various states of disarray. "I assure you, it has been for everyone. It feels worse because of the extra classes, but in a few years you'll be laughing at thinking this was difficult." A couple of girls in the back groaned, one even sounding close to a whimper, but she just shot them a sympathetic smile and continued her speech. "As a small reprieve," she said, "I'm going to tell you right now that apart from a bit of reading to prepare for class next week, I'm not giving you any homework today." They all perked up in unison, as though choreographed. Lydia bit the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing at the response, and she waved her wand to put up the prepared work on the board. With the promise of no homework, the students gave her their best attention, although she knew it was a strain for several of them, who could not seem to maintain their focus for any real length of time. When she glanced at these students, they gave her apologetic expressions before redoubling their efforts, but it was a long hour for most. Before dismissing them, Lydia made a point of telling them she thought they'd rallied admirably, and that hopefully after a bit of rest and perhaps some caffeine, they'd be in much better shape the next week. She worked through her morning in a habitual fashion before the lunch period, and she scooped up her things sharply, going straight to the kitchens. She and Severus arrived almost at the same moment, and he tickled the pear in the portrait for her, gesturing for her to go through first. She might have made a jab about chivalry, but she didn't think it was worth putting him in a sour mood before he had the first year Gryffindors. "That turban," she said conversationally as she pulled out the calculations and Severus sat down across from her. "Quirinus's thing. Is it just me, or does it smell quite…odd?" "I spend very little time around the man," Severus said tightly, but he did frown slightly. They had discussed already that Quirinus seemed greatly changed after his sabbatical in Albania. Severus had reminded her that it was bound to happen, with his first real practical experience in Defense. It changes people, and she shivered, thinking of their incident after he coached her through the Unforgiveables. She wondered whether Quirinus had seen or done things that he wished he could take back, and she hoped it was simpler and cleaner than that, whatever had changed him. "I don't suppose you had any issues with the coefficients," Severus said casually, shifting the topic as though nothing else had been said, not acknowledging the elves who put piles of food before them with eagerness that seemed to constantly adorn the faces of house-elves. "No," she said, smiling. "I didn't." They worked and ate. Both were well-practiced in balancing the two tasks, and they hardly needed to speak, communicating quite fluently in gestures. What she couldn't communicate fully in gestures, she could always give Severus a significant look, lower her mental defenses, and allow him to see through quick Legilimency. They only had to do this twice, and managed to say a grand total of six words between them during lunch. Lydia felt a heaviness as she worked, knowing every moment that she was growing closer and closer to a point of decision. Either she would have to do more research into the Killing Curse, or she would have to find a way to put a stop on the research gracefully and fulfillingly without it. She'd never been one to stop a project at a stage and publish, except when she had the column and was fully assured that the next time, she'd publish the next stage. She didn't like leaving her work to other people, as so many people did – sending their work to other scholars, or expecting it to be completed by another field. There was a possibility that the right thing to do was to put out what she had and leave the rest to be done by someone else – probably the Department of Mysteries – as a gesture of goodwill. From what Severus had said about the Unspeakables not helping her largely because of her refusal to work for them years ago, it might do to extend an olive branch. But her decisions seemed impossible, and she went about her day with her mind half somewhere else. When she finally shooed away the last of her fourth year students, assuring Laura Ainsley and Abbi Alderisi of Gryffindor that she would help them with their Potions work, as well, Lydia made a quick stop at the staff room before going down to Severus's quarters. She started when the door swung open, and she smiled weakly at Albus, who looked at her with twinkling eyes. "Ah, good," he said cheerfully. "I did hope I would find you. You see preoccupied, my dear. Everything alright in those classes of yours?" "Hmm?" Lydia said, putting the kettle on. "Oh, yes, my courses are fine. Tea, Albus?" "Please." She prepared a cup for him with plenty of sugar, and he gestured for her to sit with him at the table. She had a sense that he had something to say to her, but he asked first what was on her mind, which was potentially kind of him. "Oh, I'm hitting a wall in the research," she said, smiling weakly. "And it's not that I couldn't do it, but…I shouldn't. If you take my meaning." She made a point of meeting his eye, which she'd been avoiding of late, and she wasn't sure how much he was trying to see, but she tried to block the more…unstable memories surrounding the issue of Unforgivables. Albus simply nodded his understanding and Lydia explained that she struggled with the notion of letting someone else finish her work. "That is understandable," Albus said, smiling softly. "This is something you and I share, my dear. When one is talented, if you'll forgive the lack of humility, one sees more easily the potential for error in others. It can be very, very difficult to let go. However, one must consider what the right thing is regarding one's own judgment. If you feel that continuing this project to the end would be the best for your health, happiness, and clarity of mind, then you must continue. But be honest with yourself. While it can be easy for you and Severus and I to see the errors in others, sometimes that makes it more difficult to spot our own errors." Lydia nodded, running her teeth over her upper lip, tugging it lightly into her mouth as she poured the tea, stirring Albus's perhaps longer than she needed to. When she sat back down, giving Albus his tea, he made it very plain why he had arrived to speak with her. "Severus had the first year Gryffindors and Slytherins today," he said calmly. "Double Potions." "Miserable for everyone, no doubt," Lydia said, smiling as she felt the steam tickle her nose. Why anyone thought putting Gryffindor and Slytherin together for double anything, particularly anything where Severus was running it, was completely beyond Lydia. But they'd been doing it for as long as she'd ever been at Hogwarts, so it was probably a matter of tradition. "Oh, I suspect Severus rather enjoys torturing them," he said, his eyes twinkling. "However…. Several points short from Gryffindor now, and it does not take any particular genius for one to determine from which student Severus took those points." Lydia nodded, sighing, thinking how difficult it must have been to keep from giving Harry a month's detention just for breathing. And poor Harry, who didn't have a clue what he'd done to deserve the treatment. "I don't expect that it will get any easier on Severus, with time," Albus said softly. "In fact, I suspect things will only become much more difficult as Harry grows to look more and more like what James was when he died. But this will be a particularly difficult patch, as I'm sure you can agree. And I wonder if you couldn't help smooth it, since you're insisting on being here." She raised an eyebrow and said softly, "Well, since you don't want me talking to Harry, you must be expecting me to say something to Severus. What exactly do you suggest?" "Nothing too inflammatory," Albus said with a small smile. "Just remind him, if you can, that Harry is half-Lily, and his own person. I don't expect you to get through to him, but if between the two of us we keep at this, he may come to respect Harry. Someday. Or at least stop torturing him." Lydia thought that rather depended upon how Harry grew, and not how often they pestered Severus for his unreasonable behavior. But she agreed to try. She went down to Severus's quarters as soon as she finished her tea and she set to work on marking, carefully focusing on each assignment, each little piece. She wondered whether Severus would be in a foul or grand mood after having taken points off Harry, and she supposed that the way he came into the room would determine just what sort of tone she ought to set for the next seven years. She was just wondering whether or not to mention how much Albus had told her when Severus came storming in, clearly in sour spirits. Lydia sat up a bit straighter, expecting him to greet her, but he tossed his boots aside, kicking one as he passed it on the way to the kettle, which he started with a wave of his wand – something he never did. She bit her tongue for a moment as she tried to decide how to proceed. He sat down beside her, more because there was nowhere else to sit than anything else, and he started as she touched his arm. She realized she'd come very close to touching his Dark Mark, and she almost pulled away, but she shifted higher on his arm and he seemed to relax slightly. "You look like you've had a hard day," she said, watching his nostrils and jaw twitch. Lydia decided she was pleased that Severus was grouchy, because it might just mean that his behavior wasn't sitting ideally with him. "The first years are dunderheads. That is nothing new." "No," she said softy, pressing her face to the side of his arm as he summoned his tea. "But some of the students are…different." His jaw twitched again, and as she tried to move closer, but his body tensed, so she pulled back. "What good does it serve," she eventually whispered, "to torture Harry Potter?" She could almost feel him grinding down on his back molars before he said, "It does a great deal of good. That boy needs to learn, before his ego has a chance to inflate too greatly, that the world will not be his oyster simply for breathing. His cheek is already beginning, and I would not want to know how like his father he will be unless he is tempered, beginning now." Lydia fought the urge to roll her eyes, and she tried to think about how to make him see another side of things. She knew she was fighting a losing battle, but she had promised to try, and she wasn't sure she could live very happily for the next seven years if she didn't at least try to make him be reasonable. "Sev, he's bound to have something in common with Lily. Minerva said he's well-mannered, and he was quite polite when he asked me for directions on the first day." It wasn't helping. His jaw twitched again, and she sighed, kissing it. He did relax slightly as her lips brushed his skin, but he was still very tense, and she had a feeling it wasn't all about Harry. "What about otherwise?" she asked, letting her fingertips caress up his arm over his robes. "Bad day?" He took a long drink of his tea, no doubt to buy time before answering. She wondered what he wasn't telling her, but he simply said it was no worse than usual before setting down his tea. Lydia wasn't sure how best to coax out of him what was wrong, and she wasn't sure it would do any good to draw him out of himself when he was so angry about Harry. Instead, she traced her fingers along his jaw and said, "Then why won't you look at me?" Severus hesitated before he slowly turned his eyes to her and said, "I am not upset with you, Lydia." "Prove it," she teased, leaning closer, expecting him to lean in and kiss her. When he didn't, Lydia frowned, wondering if he wasn't, perhaps, more upset with her than he was willing to admit. She couldn't think why, but she sat back, trying not to appear hurt as she tried to process. "Lydia." "What?" she asked, casually turning away, pulling out the next stack of work to mark. At least, she thought she was being casual. Severus moved closer, and she closed her eyes, feeling them begin to sting. "Lydia, I am not cross with you. Why are you upset?" "I'm not," she lied, but he sighed, knowing her bluff for what it was. "I need to go into Hogsmeade this evening," he said, brushing hair off her neck and kissing it gently. "Is there anything you need?" "Why?" she asked, relaxing against his fingers as he caressed her skin. "Business." Lydia frowned, keeping her eyes closed as he pressed his lips to her neck once more. She hoped he'd elaborate, but when he didn't, she asked what business. "It doesn't matter," he said, his body tensing again. "Do you need anything?" "I'd rather you didn't go," she admitted. "Can it…wait until morning?" Severus hesitated, which was a good sign. If it had been truly critical, he would have said so immediately, but by hesitating it told her that he was at least capable of rearranging whatever it was. "I…ought to take care of it tonight," he said slowly. "But…I won't be gone long. You're certain you don't need anything?" She shook her head, and she tried to focus on her work while he was away. Instead of opening herself up for more issues, she decided to just take her medicine while he was away and go straight to sleep. When he came back, she'd just begun to feel the heaviness of sleep. Severus's voice said her name in a questioning way, and she hummed her acknowledgement. She was surprised to hear him chuckle as she tried to raise her head, and he kissed her lips gently. "Good night, Lydia. Sleep well." A/N: So… Harry's had class with Snape, Lydia's walking a fine line trying to keep Severus from making the boy too miserable, and she's struggling to decide what to do with this research. Review Prompt: If I ever gave you three or four updates in a day, would this be a positive or negative thing? Q&A: Q: Is the "dreams problem" solved? (Lady Jensen) A: Yes and no. The dreams are still going to crop up now and then, but largely they've found a system to work within. It's not perfect, but it's going in the right direction. As stresses in her life change, that status will change. Cheers! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to relatively new reader, gabbyalasam. May you continue to enjoy the ride! Welcome to the family. -C Lydia spread butter onto her toast, watching the post arrive. She saw a letter arrive for Harry, noting that it came in via beautiful snowy owl, and it was clearly Harry's owl. The way it nipped affectionately at his finger before helping itself to his breakfast was quite plain. Lydia wondered who'd bought the boy an owl, as it wasn't the Dursleys, and she knew it couldn't be herself or Remus. Hagrid, perhaps? The Malfoy owl dropped a care package at Slytherin table before swooping up to the front of the room and holding out its leg between Lydia and Severus. Lydia glanced up to see that Severus was in the middle of cutting his sausage, so she untied the letter and watched the owl flit off. "It's addressed to both of us," Lydia said, turning over the envelop to look at the neat, measured writing of Narcissa. "Do you want…?" "Open it," Severus said, setting down his knife. "You can tell me what it says later." She nodded, opening the letter and smoothing it out to read as she ate her toast. Severus and Lydia, I hope the first week of courses treated you well. Draco speaks very well of Severus's class in his letter home – although I know he only wrote to urge on a reminder of a care package. He puts great store by what people see him as, much like his father. I was hoping that I could see Lydia for tea at some point, obviously when convenient with your schedule. I do not presume to understand how busy you both must be while at Hogwarts, but I expect that it is greatly busy. There always seems to be something going on at that castle. Simply let me know when a convenient time presents itself. I am willing to find ways to rearrange my schedule to accommodate yours. And Severus, keep an eye on Draco, please. He seems to already have managed to make an enemy of the Potter boy, and as much as it irritates me to say it, I don't believe this bodes well for general popularity, outside Slytherin. I love Lucius very much, but you can sympathize that I do not want my son to grow up just like his father. Best, N Lydia read over the letter and glanced at Draco, who was showing off his sweets with a superior expression. She had a horrible sensation in the pit of her stomach, like she was looking at Organza again, after all these years. Small wonder Harry and Draco were already at odds. "She's invited me to tea when convenient," Lydia said softly. "Draco speaks highly of your class – probably enjoyed your bias against a certain Gryffindor – and she wants you to keep an eye out that he doesn't turn out…too like his father." Severus's lip curled slightly, and she had no doubt that he had an acerbic comment at the ready, but he held it in. Quirinus sat on the other side of Lydia, and he jumped slightly when she greeted him. "Oh, yes," he said, frowning at her toast. "Quite." Lydia frowned to herself, eating her toast and folding up the letter, slipping it into her pocket. Quirinus had expressed a great deal of interest in her the last time he was at Hogwarts, dropping by her office, trying to catch her after staff meetings, even giving his regrets that he didn't think it was prudent to write her while he was abroad. While she wasn't especially sad that he hadn't picked up right where he'd left off (because it had been quite tiresome), she did feel slightly concerned at how changed he'd been since returning to Hogwarts. He'd picked up a stutter, taken to wearing a ridiculous turban, avoided all contact with her and almost everyone else, and looked quite pale most days. Severus said it was likely something to do with becoming better acquainted with the realities of the Dark Arts, but Lydia wasn't so certain. Still, she tried to be polite and engage Quirinus in conversation every once in a while, just in case he simply needed someone to talk to. After failing Mary and not doing nearly enough for Tonks, Lydia felt that she needed to be as available as possible. And really, Quirinus hadn't shown any signs previously of trying to kill her or sacrifice her or any other unsavory thing. He'd simply not especially approved of Severus. He wasn't alone in that, so she could hardly blame him. Lydia finished her breakfast without further incident, glanced over at Harry once more, and asked Severus if he wanted to read the letter, or have her hold onto it. "Take it," he said softly back. "It didn't sound as though it had anything important, but I can look at it later, if you think it necessary." Lydia walked up to her classroom, set up for the fifth year students, and she ran a string of equations up on the board, knowing that students would need to get to work straight away. She was just waving her wand to hide the information until they were ready to begin when Penelope Clearwater walked in with Evandrus Boot and Lara Ball. "Kali's got some slots to fill," Penelope was saying to her classmates. "Although, I hear Wood held the Gryffindor trials yesterday, and he's absolutely ready to pull his hair out." "Why?" Lara asked, setting out her things carefully. "I thought he had hardly any slots to fill. They've been overflowing in Chasers for ages." "Seeker," Penelope said, grinning. "No suitable candidates for Chaser. He's not filled it yet, apparently. He's conferring with Professor McGonagall on what to do about it. Dunno if any of those Chasers they're overflowing with can play Seeker." Lydia bit the inside of her lip to keep from reacting as Percy Weasley entered. She knew from her own time as a teenager that they never expected their professors to listen in on them. She tapped the chalkboard, pitying this Oliver Wood silently. Whenever James hadn't known what to do about Quidditch, he couldn't sleep. And James on no sleep was a terrible thing. As soon as the room had all her students, Lydia tapped the board to reveal their work and she listened to the sound of scratching quills as they all endeavored to impress her by finishing it correctly and first. Few managed to complete them within the allotted time, usually, but she was hopeful this early in the year that they were still on board. Percy Weasley worked so quickly, he didn't seem to notice that he'd smeared ink all over his fingers, and Penelope's eyes were wide as she checked over her work while she continued to write. Lydia didn't advise either of these systems, but they would either learn or they wouldn't. She knew that teaching such things to students of a certain type was not possible. "Now," she said as soon as she saw five students lower their quills. Acantha Leonard-Dawson looked like she was about to be sick, but she lowered her quill, regardless. "I recognize that most of you haven't finished, but you need to understand that working on a time crunch is going to be your bane this year. I try not to bother you too much with test preparation, unlike some of your professors, but I do understand that you need to prepare for the change of pace from my examination style to what the OWL examiners will put you through." Penelope's hand zipped up, and Lydia nodded for her to speak. "Is there a great difference in style, professor?" the girl asked, and Lydia smiled slightly. "Quite," Lydia admitted. "As Professor Snape tells me frequently, I tend to be…gentle with you, especially as you're starting out. Very few of you need my course, and I know how easy it is for students not to enjoy a course that is so…cerebral. I push you, but not in the same directions, necessarily, that the examiners will. Obviously, there's no practical for my course, so you only have one test session. You learn how to do one type of exam, and you do it well, and you'll be fine." The students shifted, and she knew they were nervous. She didn't really blame them, but she knew they would get used to it, given a bit of time. She was well practiced at drilling students into shape for the exams, by this point. "Now," she said, leaning on her desk as she half-stood before them, "let's make a whole-class plan and pact for preparation, something we can all follow together to ensure we get there. And I'll meet with each of you to help shore up your particular needs, but anything we can cover together means less work you have to do on your own time." They always liked the sound of that, and every neck was straight, paying full attention. Lydia pulled out her list of concepts they should already have accomplished, and as a class they discussed how well they felt they understood each concept, and she was pleased that their ideas about what they could and couldn't do largely matched her expectations of them. Sometimes that wasn't the case, but this group seemed to have a good concept of themselves. Obviously, there were always students who outperformed their peers, and those who underperformed. Both groups were the quietest during these sorts of exercises, either because they knew the bulk of their concerns were best left for individual work with her, or because they found they had less to say. Except, with this group, Percy Weasley expected to fall in the second category, and yet couldn't keep his mouth shut. He kept pointing out what he thought he knew, and Lydia did not look forward to his individual meeting, where she would have to try to explain to him that his understanding was not so perfect as he supposed. Usually, her students had a better sense of their own abilities. At the end of the class, she made appointments with each student, putting the ones she worried about most first, to give them more time to do the work discussed. She put Penelope Clearwater last of all, knowing that the girl would need the least out-of-class support. As other students were filing out, and Lydia was gathering up her things to go to the staff room for her break – desperately needing a cup of tea – she noticed that Penelope lingered, clearly anxious about something. When the other students had left, Penelope's friends waved off, Lydia waited patiently for the girl to approach, her ringlet curls bouncing about her face with each step. "Professor," Penelope said, slightly breathless from the obvious anxiety that rushed through her. "Professor, I…I was wondering why I had to wait so long for my meeting. I…guess I wondered whether I'd done something…wrong." "Oh, no," Lydia said earnestly, smiling warmly at the poor girl. "Penelope, I put you last because I'm not worried about you at all. You've kept pace well with all concepts, you retain information very well, and you have the appropriate mindset to continue with great success in the subject. If anything, take this time to think about your particular goals and desires for moving forward, because I haven't got any specific concerns." Penelope was visibly relieved, and she left the classroom with a much more self-assured posture than when she'd approached Lydia. After gathering her things, Lydia slipped out of her classroom, and hurried to the staff room, putting the kettle on and spreading out the scroll she'd been working on checking over for an aspiring Arithmancer in Bath. It wasn't Lydia's favorite thing to do, but the woman was sixty years old, her husband had just passed, and she was getting around to living her life for herself – something Lydia couldn't help but admire and support, in some small way, when asked very politely. She'd only just poured her tea and got to work when Quirinus entered looking anxious and tired. "Oh, hello," she said, smiling at him. "I've only just made tea. I think there's some water left, if you'd like, some." "N-n-no, th-thank you," he spluttered out, forcing an anxious smile. "W-working?" "Mmm." He glanced at the work, and upon realizing that she was actually looking at someone else's work, he appeared to lose interest, and he took out his grading, setting up on the other end of the long table. "Are you c-c-co-completing something interesting?" he forced himself to say, and Lydia shrugged. She didn't find it particularly exciting, but for a woman writing her first piece, it was remarkably sophisticated thinking. "So," she said, smiling kindly to soften what she was about to say, "how do you think your sabbatical went? You're obviously still alive, so I was wrong about that. But otherwise…do you regret it at all? Or was it worthwhile?" Quirinus considered this words carefully as he readied his quill, and he took a deep breath, almost steadying himself. "I m-m-made some important s-s-s-self-disc-c-c-covery. I wouldn't ch-change a thing." "Well, that's very good, then," she said, smiling. "I'm glad you went. And you feel more comfortable with your subject?" "Oh, yes." Lydia wasn't entirely certain she believed him, given his new stutter, but she supposed that could simply be a leftover of stress, and not an indication of any deficiency in his ability to teach his subject. They worked in relative silence until he asked her politely how her protections for the Stone had gone. "Oh, I had the easy part," she said, laughing. "You'd have to ask Sev about the brewing. I was just building a puzzle." He hummed his understanding, and took his leave rather abruptly, not at all like he might have done before he went to the continent. Lydia didn't think much further on it, working until her next class, then going about her day as usual until dinner. After dinner, she went back with Severus to their quarters, and she put the kettle on. "You seem in a good mood," he said, taking off his shoes on the sofa as she made their tea. "Have you got the manuscript edited and sent off yet?" "Will tomorrow." He hummed again, and when she brought the tea back, he pulled her onto his lap so that she nearly spilled on him. She laughed, setting the tea on the side table as he pulled her closer. "What are you doing?" she asked as he tipped his head up. He touched her lips with his, and Lydia relaxed against his mouth. She felt his hands trace up her sides as he sucked on her bottom lip. "I've missed you all day," he said, as he pressed his forehead to hers. "I forget, over the summer, how long the days are filled with dunderheads." Lydia smiled, kissing him again, feeling his body tense beneath her as she traced her fingers up his neck. His teeth nipped playfully at her lips, and she half-forgot about the tea, wondering what going through his head. Usually, after long days with students, he would be more tired than he would be worked up. She wondered vaguely whether it perhaps had something to do with all his pent-up aggression from the presence of Harry at the school. He sighed, and she decided it didn't matter. She relaxed against his body and let his hands trace up her legs. They stayed on the sofa long enough to enjoy it before he gestured her off, picked her up, and carried her into their bedroom, and laid her gently down on the bed. "We've got so much to do," she said as he kissed her neck. "In the morning. We've got classes and work, and then there's the work I have to finish for the lady in Bath, and a letter to the Conference in Canada." She was going to say something else, but he nipped at her jaw and she hummed subconscious approval, letting her fingers lace into his hair, wishing she'd not been so obvious in her hunger. They both did need rest. Severus pulled back from kissing her, though, and his dark eyes met hers, intense but unreadable. She half-wished to know what he was thinking, and was half-glad she didn't. His hand began to undo her robes at the clasp and she thought of the letter from Narcissa, which was still in her pocket. "I've decided to make a change," he said, intently. "What's that, then?" she asked, staring up at his eyes, seemingly incapable of looking away. "I've decided to make the absolute most of every good thing in my life," he said softly before kissing her again. The unspoken words that hung on that made her frown slightly into the kiss. Only because she knew he'd been thinking about Harry – and Harry always made him think of James – did she know what he'd not dare say to her. He was going to make the most of every good thing, because there was no way to know when a good thing would be ripped away from him, stolen from him. She didn't dare think of who or what he feared would steal her away. Instead, Lydia kissed him back with all the fervor she could. If he got any enjoyment from this at all, that was enough, but she hoped it might comfort him, as well, in ways that promises not to leave never could. Her fingers went to the buttons on his shirt, working quickly, deliberately, without any fumbling or hesitation. She kissed him as he shrugged off the shirt and she let her hands trace his chest. As he braced himself over her before bending to kiss her neck down to her chest, she caught a glimpse of his Dark Mark out of the corner of her eye. Usually, it was pale, still dark on his skin, but a sort of gray just darker than the shade of ashes. She knew it was probably nothing, just how it looked in the light of their room after spending so long at Spinner's End – but somehow, it looked just a bit darker than usual. A/N: *cough* Sorry for the delay. I was having a crisis of faith where my dealings with Quirrell were concerned. Had to sort myself out on where I wanted to take him before I wrote this interaction. The problem with long projects like this is they give you plenty of time for self-doubt. Review Prompt: Extrapolate. How d'you think Lydia's interactions with Percy will grow and change throughout the span of the story? Q&A: Q: Does Severus suspect Harry is abused? (vampirela69) A: OKAY full disclosure: I got multiple questions from this reader in one go, so I'm splitting them up over a few chapters, for reasons. Does he suspect? I would say yes. He and Lydia knew Petunia well enough to know her, and to know what kind of man she married. Lydia's told him all about her interaction with the Dursleys when she tried to see Harry, and what Vernon said about beating it out of the boy if he had to. Vernon's blustery, and they may not think he's necessarily been beaten like what Severus experienced, but Severus isn't a fool. He knows there are all kinds of abuse, just as Lydia's father never laid a hand on his daughter but tortured her anyway. I don't think he's speculated on how or how much the Dursleys have abused their nephew, and I doubt he actually cares. He knows Harry is alive and relatively healthy, and as far as he's concerned, that's enough. Compared with his own childhood, Harry's had it good. Lydia spares a great deal of pity for Harry, but Severus has a lot of other things occupying his mind a great deal more. He has enough of the present to juggle, while Lydia's mind is fully preoccupied with the past. Cheers -C
In an unusual gesture, Severus told Lydia that he needed her aid in brewing during an afternoon period where they both had some time, and Lydia never turned down an opportunity to brew with Severus. He set out cauldrons as she gathered the ingredients on the list he'd made up. It had been years, she knew, since he'd brewed from instructions, even his own written out. Everything he needed to know about virtually every potion that could be brewed, he'd committed to his excellent memory. But Lydia did not have his natural skill for such things, and so he gave her written instructions when necessary, any time they worked together. She laid out the ingredients and she was surprised when he paused after setting up half a dozen cauldrons. He inspected the ingredients – as usual – but he also paused to kiss her temple before turning back to work as though it hadn't happened. Lydia smiled absently to herself at this odd gesture, but she went about measuring each ingredient carefully as he had directed on the sheet, and organizing them in a manner she knew he would expect and approve of. Lydia fought the urge to ask about Harry, and instead asked about their older students. "Percy Weasley," she said, measuring powered unicorn horn for three different potions. "What about him?" "Does he have such an unrealistic sense of his abilities in your course, as well?" Lydia glanced up between ingredients and saw the corners of Severus's lips twitch. "It's impossible for any of those dunderheads to have an unrealistic sense of their abilities in my course," he said proudly. "I make a point of telling each student why they are insufficient at their work, whenever they prove insufficient." "You mean you crush their souls?" she teased. "Semantics." She laughed, carefully pouring out a collection of porcupine quills and using the tip of her silver knife as a counter to speed the process. "You know, you're the most ridiculous and stubborn man I've ever met," she teased, organizing the porcupine quills in different amounts for three different potions. "Are you going to need me to stir anything?" "We'll see," he said. "I don't think so." She almost laughed at his ability to ignore her half-joking slight on him before her question. She traced her fingers along his arm between ingredients as he started two of the potions, and he glanced up at her, his eyes narrowing. "We have work to do," he said, his voice halting and uncertain. "I'm well aware." "Then I'll ask you to kindly not distract me while I work. I wouldn't want to waste ingredients and time with a restarted potion." Lydia behaved herself, counting out the rest of the ingredients, calmly doing all the things expected of her as she watched Severus work, his sleeves rolled up, even high enough that she could see his Dark Mark. She tried not to look at it, but instead to focus on his face as he concentrated, as he gave occasional instructions for her to stir one potion or another as he expertly balanced the work. When they finished bottling, Lydia was about to lead the way out to dinner when Severus surprised her, pulling her around him and pressing her against the bench, looking down at her with glittering eyes. Lydia licked her lips and was about to say that they should head to dinner when he kissed her, and Lydia decided that perhaps she could linger for a bit. She let her hands rest on his neck, let him get into the kiss and nibble on her lip before she pulled back. "Dinner," she said softly, and she watched his brow knit as he tried to unpack the word, make sense of what she was implying. Once he realized what she was nudging at, he growled, frustrated. "Damn the social convention of mealtimes," he muttered. "It's not going to be very long," she argued. "And anyway, I'm hungry. You know I always get hungry after brewing. It's a reflex." "It's a stupid reflex." "It's not my fault we always had Potions before lunch. Come on. If you're just going to be sour about it, then maybe I'll just take my potion right after dinner." At this, Severus perked up right away, obviously not willing to risk the possibility that she might be bluffing about going right to bed after dinner. His face became chillingly neutral, but she had to admit that it wasn't sour, and they cleaned up promptly, walking together to dinner, discussing how he planned to test some improvements to a basic healing salve used by the bulk of wizarding homes and hospitals in the world. "The real trick, I suppose," she said thoughtfully, once he'd presented his plan, "is to make it profitable for the change to actually catch on, otherwise the point is academic." "I had thought of this," he said, gesturing that she go first at the top of the stairwell, to cross the entrance hall into the Great Hall. "I wouldn't mind a hand with crunching some of the numbers, but I believe there are ways to adjust the formula to encourage the price point." "I'd be happy to take a look," she said, pausing and frowning as Qurininus converged on the Great Hall entrance at the same time as them. "Quirrell," Severus said in a low kind of growl. "S-S-Severus," Quirrell said, his lips jerking at the corners, not exactly a smile or a grimace. "L-Lydia." Lydia said nothing. She'd felt suddenly cold, and it wasn't leaving her chest, the sensation of ice. If this bothered Quirinus, he said nothing, passing them and going to take his place at the head table. "Are you alright?" Severus said as Lydia frowned at nothing. "Fine," she said, not completely a lie. "Just felt…odd for a moment. Dizzy spell, or something." "Were you dizzy, or weren't you?" he muttered as they crossed the hall, right down the middle. "I don't know," she said, "it happened quickly. Good evening, Minerva," she said, changing to topic in a swift act as she took her seat, this time leaving the place between herself and Quirinus for Severus, taking his usual seat by Minerva. "You seem in good spirits." "And for good reason," Minerva said with an irrepressible grin. "We've found a Seeker, and I've every reason to believe he'll be the perfect addition. I've never seen a more natural flier, except perhaps James Potter." Lydia's hand twitched around her fork as she heard James's name, and she felt Severus stiffen, but she smiled and tried to brush it off. "Must be a second year," she said, breezily. "Where was he hiding in the trials?" "Oh, he wasn't at the trials," Minerva said, conspiratorially. "Because he's a first year." Severus very slowly set down his cup, his nostrils flaring. It was fairly obvious from what she'd said about James who this new Seeker was, but Lydia played dumb, feeling her heart pounding in her ears. "But they've only just had their first flying lesson today, Slytherin and Gryffindor, haven't they?" "Oh, quite," she said, and Minerva launched into a tale of Draco Malfoy throwing a small ball – what she thought was probably the Remembrall Augusta Longbottom had sent her grandson – and Harry Potter diving and catching the ball in a spectacular natural maneuver. "Albus is giving special dispensation," Minerva said, beaming. "Wood is ecstatic. He'll have to have a broomstick, naturally. I was hoping you'd have suggestions. I've a few thoughts, and Rolanda does as well, but you were such a natural flier. I had hoped you'd have some thoughts." Lydia's dizziness was real this time, and she avoided glancing at Severus as she said, "Oh, I really haven't kept up very well, Minerva. You'll probably want a Nimbus or a Comet. Couldn't say what would suit him best. I haven't seen him fly." "Yes, but you saw James fly more than anyone else alive," Minerva said, the unspoken today ringing in the air. "Surely you know what he'd be best on, if he were picking a broom now." Lydia glanced over at Harry, talking happily with Ron Weasley over his dinner. So much like his father, indeed. Too polite to really be James, from her observation, but he was half Lily, after all. "I think it's less a question of what he'd be best on," Lydia said, smiling bitterly to herself, "and more a question of what we both know he'd want and demand." Minerva nodded, reaching for her water goblet, and she said, "True, true. Always had to have the best of everything, James. Never settled." Lydia thought Severus was about ready to bend his fork in half, given how tense his body was, but she tried to eat and converse without acknowledging him. They'd have a chat after dinner. "I suppose that's why he demanded you play on his Quidditch team, why he worked so hard to date Lily, why he…." She trailed off, and no one had to ask. She'd been about to mention Sirius for some reason, and she gave Lydia a guilty glance before changing the subject back to Quidditch. "Wood will do a good job of training him up. He doesn't know much about Quidditch, of course, raised with those idiot Muggles. How did Mary learn her position?" "I had her read the Whisp book," Lydia said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "She gobbled it up. Always was an athlete. The weather's supposed to be fairly mild this year, but he'll want to get gloves eventually, and goggles, since he's got glasses." "Yes, of course. I'll have a word with Wood. These sorts of things come best from the Captain, I would think. It's good he'll be around for some time, Wood. Helps to have consistency when one starts out. I've thought about instituting faculty advisors for the Quidditch teams. You would be such a good advisor, but it would be hard to find proper advisors for other teams, so it probably won't happen any time soon." Lydia hummed. "Albus might be in touch about the broom purchase, before we make it. You're our resident expert." "I rather thought that was Rolanda Hooch," Severus said tightly. Lydia's lips twitched, and she kicked him lightly under the table, eating as quickly as possible and taking her leave, trying not to smile as Severus followed her out not moments later. They went straight for their quarters, and Lydia very carefully didn't mention Harry's selection on the Quidditch team. Instead, she walked closer to Severus, letting her fingers brush his. She wanted him to relax, and he was beginning to relax, following her into their quarters and just watching her as she kicked off her shoes, peeled off her robe, and went straight for their bedroom. "Should I just take something?" she asked, coyly. "Or should I not?" She could feel her pulse in the base of her throat as she waited, but she didn't have to wait long. She could hear him kicking off his shoes as he growled, "Don't you dare." Lydia waited, enjoying the eagerness with which he wrapped his arms around her, the way his lips moved to her neck as though drawn by magnets. She closed her eyes and let the rest of the evening melt away, allowing herself to focus solely on his body and closeness. His hands went to her buttons, deftly undoing her blouse, waiting for her to shrug it off before they glided along to the clasp of her bra. She shivered slightly at the sudden change of temperature, but his hands were cool enough that there was no great change between where he touched and where he did not. She bit her lip and enjoyed the sensation of his fingers tracing her skin, as though they hadn't memorized every inch of her body. "Bed," he muttered against her neck, and she hummed. She pulled away from his hold and his hands slithered away from her. She slipped off her skirt and panties, climbing onto the bed and watching him hastily remove his shirt and trousers Her eyes flickered, as always, to his Dark Mark, but they went straight away to admiring his shoulders, chest, abdomen…. Severus followed her onto the bed, kissing her as he held himself over her on his hands. Lydia laid back on the pillows, wrapping her arms around his neck, savoring the familiar coolness of his kisses. They melted into familiar motions, pleasant patterns of behavior. Lydia lost track of how many times she'd climaxed, and couldn't think the last time she'd climaxed so much. She purposefully didn't ponder how this might relate to Minerva's comments at dinner, deciding it was better not to think on whether their pleasant night had anything to do with Lily or James or Sirius. Severus said he'd get her potion in a moment, but he pressed a few kisses to her neck, smoothing sweat-soaked hair off her face and then pressing kisses along her jaw and temples. Lydia was just wondering whether he wasn't changing his mind, thinking of going another round, when she heard a loud knock at the door to their quarters. "That's not Albus," she whispered, and the knock came again. "No," he groaned. "No, but I know who it is. I'll be back." He found a set of robes, pulling it around his body, fastening it as though he were merely up late, in his robes. No one could tell he had nothing on underneath. Lydia watched him adjust his collar and smooth his hair before he went out. He was careful to close the bedroom door and she presumed he moved her things out of the line of sight. Lydia sat up, pulling a blanket about her for warmth as she tried to listen. "You said you wanted to be told if students were out of bed," the voice of Argus Filch said, loud and clear. Lydia frowned. He'd never made a fuss about that before. "Well, who is it?" "Couple of Ravenclaws, snogging in the library." She bit her lip to hold in a snigger. Surely Severus wasn't interested in that sort of thing. She'd forgotten students thought the library was romantic – some even found it erotic. Lily had, actually. "Well, take them to Filius, then. I can't be bothered with that. Good night." Lydia nibbled on her lip and watched Severus come in, his neck stiff as he joined her on the bed, slipping the robe off again, rubbing the back of his neck. "You didn't have to slam the door in his face," she whispered, touching his shoulder, feeling it still slick with sweat. He hummed, lifting his hand to touch hers. Their hands rested together like that until he laced his fingers in hers and lifted their joined hands so he could kiss the back of hers. Lydia hesitated, and then decided she couldn't just let it go without mention. She leaned in to kiss his back between his shoulder blades, feeling the scarring from his father's careful attentions under her lips, and she whispered, "Who exactly are you expecting to be wandering around the castle after dark?" Severus's shoulders tensed, his whole back stiffening. She tried to relax him again by kissing up to the base of his neck, trailing her lips to that sensitive spot where the top of the jawline just touched the base of the earlobe. Lydia let her teeth graze, but she knew he was determined not to answer her. So, she had to pull him out. "Harry's not his father," she whispered. "He's got his mother's politeness." "Potter thought he had the run of the castle," Severus snarled, "and everything and everyone in it. He used everything and everyone around him, including you." Lydia sighed, wishing Minerva hadn't said that about James insisting she be on the Quidditch team. It hadn't been like that, exactly, and it just gave Severus fodder for these arguments. "He never used me." "Don't be naïve," he spat out. Severus turned to face her, the bed shifting with the motion. He surprised her by putting a hand on her cheek, firm but surprisingly gentle. "He took you for granted. They all did. He felt rules didn't apply to him." "Sev—" "And his son is exactly the same," Severus continued right over her. "I will prove it to you, Lydia. I will prove it to everyone." "Sev, please. I don't want Filch interrupting us every time there's a student out of bed just because you want to make Harry's life miserable." Severus hesitated. She knew he wasn't thinking about the possibility of their having sex when Filch would report such things. He'd probably expected her to have taken her potion before any such visit, so she would be out, and not wake. "We…will see," he said slowly. She sighed, figuring it was the best she could get for the moment. He suggested she take her potion, and she couldn't really argue. The mood had gone for another go, anyway, and she wrapped herself more tightly in the blanket as he pulled the potion out of his bedside table, offering her vial. Lydia took it was a small murmur of thanks, more of habit than of actual gratitude. She downed the potion in one, handing back the vial, which he put in a little bowl of empty vials for cleaning at his next opportunity. He waited for her to settle on her side of the bed before he turned over, wrapping his arms around her. "Good night," she whispered, letting her eyelids grow heavy without any complaint. He murmured her words back to her, and she was aware of him saying something else, but her mind didn't register what it was as sleep took over. She tried to hold onto consciousness long enough to process the words, but it was too late. She slipped into a dreamless unconscious for eight hours, enveloped in the warmth of blankets and Severus's body. A/N: This chapter is dedicated to relatively new reader, ncisgirl96. Yes, I'm well behind on reviews on this story. I'm working on a new system that allows me to get more done at a time. Fingers crossed that it works. Hope you're all enjoying, and I'm going to TRY to get you two chapters this week. We'll see. If not, expect a chapter next week, and I pray your patience. OH, and they have a couple name thanks to my dear friend. We're calling them Sevia now. Only took almost 200 chapters, but there you go. ;) Review Prompt: Do you think there's any truth in Severus's belief that James took advantage of/underestimated/used Lydia? Or do you think he's overstating things because of his hatred of James? Or is it more nuanced than that? Q&A: Q: Is Albus mind-controlling Lydia to keep her from talking to Harry? (vampirela69) A: An interesting question. I suppose that really depends on what you consider mind control. This is a bit of a fascination of mine, so I'll break it down. Is he drugging or controlling her with substances? No. I don't think that's the kind of thing Albus would do anyway, but especially given all of Lydia's various issues with Dalia and now her potion for her nightmares, it'd be WAY too risky. Is he using hypnosis or some kind of Legilimency? No. She's had enough experience with both things now, that she would notice, especially given her Occlumency training. She's not an expert like Albus or Severus, but she's proficient enough to recognize an attack and at least attempt to reroute or deflect. Is he using a spell or compulsion like messing with her memory or using an Unforgivable? No. I'm not sure I buy into him using these kinds of things, where I could totally buy Severus doing it… And again, I do think that Lydia has enough strength to at least recognize something was wrong, and Severus would DEFINITELY notice those kinds of side effects, given his work in the war. Is he brainwashing her? This, I think, is where we get closest to mind control with Lydia. It's not so much that Albus is brainwashing her as he is taking advantage of the social programming she's undergone pretty much her whole life. She would have been trained both consciously and unconsciously by her parents to be submissive and compliant and obedient, and even a bit inactive, hence her not calling the police the many times she should have done, growing up. She had forceful, dominant friends, has dated forceful and dominant men, and while she does sometimes assert herself, she's very easy to talk around to inaction, as it's her default setting, as it were. She's gotten better about this, but between this and the guilt Albus knows she harbors (misguided though it be) from everything to the deaths of her friends to Harry's horrible childhood, it's very simple for him to convince her that it's in everybody's best interest for her to avoid talking to Harry. So, not exactly mind control, but more taking advantage of the way her mind already works. Some might call that mind control in the sense of it being highly sophisticated mental manipulation, but I think in most senses we would say no, not really. Cheers! C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader ThisIsAGuest. Also, a reminder to everyone that we're coming up on Chapter 200. What to expect in that landmark chapter? The beginning of the month of November, a reprise of Lydia's nightmares, and someone gets a…library book confiscated? I meant seriously, who does that? *cough* Are you excited? I'm excited. Anyway, enjoy this nugget as we work toward all that excitement, and the excitement in between! -C Lydia picked at her fingernails, wishing staff meetings weren't all considered necessary. She didn't have anything particular to say, she knew Albus had nothing particular to ask her, and she really would have wished to avoid the war of words they all knew was coming. In a way, it was inevitable that Severus would be the first to erupt. Ever since the knowledge came out the day before that Harry Potter was going to get a broomstick, and perhaps more specifically that he got it by braking rules specifically laid out by Rolanda, Severus had been quietly fuming, building up to his boiling point. It had to boil over, and the staff meeting was as good of a place as any. "It's a completely flippant disregard of all that we hope to accomplish at this school," Severus snarled. "That boy already believes he's a god, the way people treat him like he's some kind of novelty." "He is," Lydia said softly, and at once she wished she hadn't said it. Every head in the room turned to her with wide eyes, most of them stunned that she'd spoken out against Severus on anything. Albus seemed amused, and Severus seemed almost…betrayed. But she couldn't take it back now. "What?" Severus hissed. Lydia thought of shrinking into her chair and saying never mind, but she couldn't do that. If she couldn't build a relationship with Harry, the least she could do was stand up for him a little behind closed doors. Lily and James would have wanted that. She sat up straighter, holding her head up high, but not meeting Severus's eyes. "Harry Potter is, whatever you think of him, a novelty. He wouldn't be written into every history of the war, or every modern study of curses if he weren't a novelty. He's survived something no one else has, and no one knows why. He defeated someone no one else could, and no one knows why. Unless you're using a different definition of novelty, there's very few words that suit him better." His nostrils flared, and Lydia knew he was gearing up for a rebuttal, but she couldn't let him strike down her statement. She said quickly, "Anyway, it's not as though first years have never been given a dispensation to play. There is precedent, when no other players of the House or position can be found, and a suitable player is presented from the first year, before the start of the season, there's precedent." "It's been over a hundred years," Severus said, as though this made the ruling irrelevant. "But it's been done," Minerva said sharply, pulling herself back into it. "Which means it can be done again, under the right circumstances." Albus cleared his throat just as Severus was about to make another argument, and he said, "Your objection is certainly noted, of course, Severus. However, Lydia and Minerva are quite correct. Under the appropriate circumstances, a first year may be selected for a team, and I am quite inclined to give Harry the opportunity. Lydia, Minerva said a Nimbus would be your recommendation?" "Yes," Lydia said softly, wishing she'd not drawn too much attention to herself now. "Very well, Madam Hooch is in agreement. I believe that will be all. Oh, Filius, you have full approval for that detention. Now, let's get to breakfast, shall we?" Lydia lingered as other professors left, glancing at Severus, who was still fuming. She wanted him to speak first, but he wasn't showing any signs of saying a word. Instead, he worked his knuckles against the wood of the table, avoiding looking at her. "Sev, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said it like that, but you know I'm right." "Do I?" he said softly. She sighed, rubbing her temple. "I don't want to fight with you for seven years over this sort of thing," she said, trying to keep her voice calm when she felt so frustrated. His nostrils flared again. "It's entirely your choice," he said. "I see no reason for us to fight about anything at all." "Forget it," she said, unable to contain her frustration. "Forget it. We can't talk if you're going to sulk like this. I'm going to breakfast." She stood swiftly, and his head snapped up. "Lydia," he said, slightly anxious. "Lydia." She didn't stop. She went to breakfast, just as she said, and she wasn't terribly surprised when he didn't follow her down. They would talk later, when they both had time to calm down and be a bit more reasonable and tactful. A long day of teaching without speaking wasn't ideal, but it would at least remind Severus that it wasn't simply her choices that would keep them from fighting. His choices, too, had consequences. "I'm proud of you," Minerva said as they ate their breakfast. "Makes one of us," Lydia said softly, more to herself than Minerva. The older woman's eyebrow raised, perhaps questioning, perhaps out of disapproval. "He needs to know he doesn't always have your support," Minerva said with a sniff. "Especially when he's being unreasonable." Perhaps it was her current state of mind, but Lydia couldn't stand those words. Perhaps they were true, but at that moment, it didn't matter. Very softly, Lydia said, "Actually, Minerva, Severus always does have my sport. He doesn't always have my approval, but he knows that he will always, always have my support." Lydia felt a weight in her chest as she said those words, as though something inside of her knew things she didn't about the future and objected to that promise, but Lydia merely hoped that Severus truly did know. She taught her classes, as usual. She felt irritation all day, trying to decide what to do. She didn't want to deal with the likes of Percy Weasley, but she had to anyway. And worst of all, he lingered after class, and she only wanted to go back to Severus's quarters and grade essays until his day finished. "Percy," she said politely. "Was there something you needed? Only I imagine you have places to be now, haven't you?" "No, I have a free period," he said, pushing his glasses up his nose slightly. "I actually was hoping for some advice on…on leadership." "Oh," she said, feeling immediately uncomfortable. "I would think you'd want to talk with Professor McGonagall about that sort of thing." "Well, I don't want her to think I'm not up to the task of being a Prefect," he said, eyes widening, shoulders straightening. "Because I am. And you…are a teacher everyone respects. I've never seen you have a discipline problem, or have a student not turn in a piece of homework. How…how do you do it? How do you get people to do what you say, and yet they still like you?" At once, all her frustrations with Percy melted away, and she saw him as a confused teenager. He was someone desperate to be someone and slough off a life he felt mildly ashamed of. She thought his life was idyllic compared with her youth, but of course he didn't know that. And just because someone else's pain was worse, didn't make his any less painful. "Ah," she said, wincing slightly. "Well, there's a bit of a trick in what you're saying there, Percy. You said, how do people do what I say, and they still like me. Students don't do what I say, they do what I ask." "What do you mean?" he asked, his face scrunched slightly as he tried to parse the semantic difference. "I can say something like, have this paper done by Tuesday or you'll have detention. And you'd probably not be very pleased about having to do a paper to avoid detention. On the other hand, if I say something like, please have this paper done by Tuesday so we can use the concepts to build onto our next idea, you're going to feel motivated to do the paper, because you know it's going to help you prepare for what you're doing next, and you've not been told, you've been asked." Percy pursed his lips, and it was obvious that this message was either too subtle for him, or too against everything he believed about law and order. She was hoping it was more the first. "Let's look at an example from your line of work," she said softly. "I had two friends, they were Head Boy and Girl when we were in school. One of them told an underage student to hand over the firewhiskey because they didn't want them to waste their time on a poor brand. The other told an underage student to hand over the firewhiskey or they'd double their detention time. Which do you think got a better result?" "Nobody wants double detention," Percy said, puzzled. Lydia laughed, thinking of Sirius and how he bragged about how many hours of detention he gathered up over seven years. "Actually, as difficult as this might be for you to understand, there are people who are proud of how much detention they can earn, as long as it's done creatively. I suspect your brothers, Fred and George, are of that type." Percy winced at the mention of his brothers, and she knew she'd it a raw point. "Let's take them as an example," she said, figuring that he probably was coming to her because of them. "Let's think about what they would say, if you gave them that second option." His face contorted this time, not a wince, but pain. He almost looked pitiful as he thought of how they would respond, and she suspected the memory of some past teasing was haunting him. "They'd laugh at me," he said softly. "They don't have any respect for authority." Lydia chewed on the inside of her lip, trying to remember what it was Remus had told Lily when they were young. Lily had been terribly upset that James could get results where she couldn't, where fear didn't work. "I'm going to tell you a secret, Percy," she said gently. "Authority doesn't earn respect. It's earning respect that affords authority. The badge on your chest doesn't give you a right to respect any more than the word professor tacked in front of my surname. The only way to really get results is to earn people's respect. Not their fear. Their respect." Perhaps she didn't have Remus's eloquence, or gravity, or ageless wisdom. But she supposed that she would need those things less, being someone Percy respected. He clearly didn't understand as he thanked her and left her classroom, but Lydia hoped that he turned her words over and had a breakthrough, if only for his own sanity. She then packed up her things and left the classroom. She'd only just locked the door when she bumped right into Quirrell. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry," she said, smiling weakly. "Th-th-that's alright," he said, giving a very weak smile back. "D-d-done for the d-day?" "Yes," she said, frowning slightly. "You look tired. Sleeping well?" "N-n-nightmares," he said tightly, not offering up anything else. Lydia nodded, understanding. She supposed it had something to do with whatever had caused his stutter. Something that would cause such a profound psychological shift would almost certainly cause nightmares. "Severus is working on some changes to the traditional sleeping potions, if you're interested," she said. "It might be helpful for him to have more subjects." "N-n-no, thank you." He then walked away without a single word of parting, and Lydia felt that sensation of ice in her chest again, frowning. She knew that Severus and Quirinus didn't get along, but that was a bit cold and sharp, even for his new countenance. Still, she wanted to get some work done before Severus was done, so she returned to their quarters and made herself some tea, not giving Quirrell another thought. Marking essays was usually a dreary part of her day, but she found she greatly enjoyed Penelope's work, and she saved it for last, as a kind of incentive for drudging through the unimaginative and derivative pieces she read every day. It wasn't really the fault of the students – so much of scholarship was the same – but she always felt she wasn't doing her job properly when she finished a stack of such papers and realized they weren't taking her notes. Or perhaps, she reasoned, they just didn't understand her notes. She made a quick note to herself in her planner to add lessons or out-of-class extras on how to write a quality essay. Surely that would help students in all their courses, might increase the pleasure teachers at the school got out of their jobs, and perhaps would even improve the level of scholarly output in Britain, someday. Maybe that was thinking a little too big, but she needed a lofty goal to work toward, or it wouldn't feel worthwhile to start. When Severus returned at the end of the day, she was just finishing up with Penelope Clearwater's essay, and she raised her hand to stop him from speaking, holding up her forefinger to signal that she'd hear him out when she finished what she was doing. He sighed and put the kettle on, kicking off his shoes while she finished her marking. Once she made a few glowing notes, put a grade on the paper, and put it aside, she turned her attention to Severus, stretching out her legs and raising an eyebrow to prompt him to say what he meant to say. "I was an ass to you this morning," he said softly. "Yes," she said, folding her hands in her lap. "And I shouldn't have spoken out like that so publicly. I could have had that discussion behind closed doors." "It was probably for the best," he said, frowning. "It would have become a bigger fight if we hadn't had it in front of everyone else. We do have that…tendency." "I just want you to know," she blurted out, "that even when I don't agree with you, Sev, I'm always going to support you." He stood abruptly, his shoulders tight, his nostrils flared, almost panicked. Her eyes widened as he began to pace, like a cat that had missed its pray after a pounce and was trying to pace off the energy and adrenaline. "No," he said, softly. "Don't say that, Lydia. Don't make sweeping statements." "Sev." "No," he said, more firmly, still pacing. "Lydia, you can't possibly…." He shook his head and went through to their bedroom, then the bathroom, and she heard the sink running. She had half a mind to check on him, but she knew that whatever he was doing, he didn't want her to be there. She just sighed and put away the essays she'd marked, trying to decide if she was going to bother going down for dinner or not. She decided not and went into the bedroom, changing into a looser dress and fishing around for a book worth reading. When Severus came out, she was going to ask him to read to her, change the tone of the evening, but he looked a bit pale – even for him – and he frowned at her. "I need to go to Hogsmeade," he said sharply. "I'll eat in the village. I'll be back in some time. Don't bother waiting around; I don't know how long I'll be gone." For a small moment, she was standing in a place she used to live, in London, and Sirius was telling her not to wait up, because he didn't know how long he'd be away at a raid. She felt dizzy and mildly nauseous and said, "Why now?" "Lydia?" "You'll be back tonight?" "Of course," he said, his face softening, arranging in a puzzled expression. "Why would I not?" "I don't know," she said quickly, turning away and setting down the book. She sat down, still dizzy. "I just thought…perhaps you would…. Why are you going to Hogsmeade?" "I have mail I have to deal with." "Is it urgent?" "I don't like letting it stack up," he said slowly. "And sometimes it…it releases stress, to deal with a certain kind of mail." "What kind of mail?" she asked, looking up, frowning. She knew his bills came to Spinner's End once a year on special arrangement through the Ministry, and all things necessary for work came to the castle. "Why do you have that box in the village?" She watched his neck shift as he swallowed, his eyes wide, and his jaw twitched. Severus took her hands in his, kissing them gently. "Please don't ask," he whispered. "Someday, I may have to tell you, but right now I just…can't." "Why?" He said nothing for a long moment, looking at her hands, his jaw twitching every few seconds. Lydia almost prompted him again, when he very softly said, "Someday, Lydia, you're going to leave. No, don't argue. Someday you will, because you must. And I…can't have that be now. I'm not like your precious Gryffindors, Lydia. You know I'm selfish. Someday, you won't be able to support me, because you won't be able to forgive me, and that cannot be today." If she told him he was wrong, he would only tell her she only said it because she didn't know…whatever it was she didn't know. If she tried to coax it out of him, he would either start a fight or break down, and she didn't know which was worse. So Lydia just caressed his cheek, watching with a kind of pained curiosity as his eyes flickered closed and he leaned into her touch. "Do you have to go tonight?" she asked, feeling his cool skin beneath her fingertips as she traced his cheek lightly. She watched him swallow again and waited, not realizing she was holding her breath. "Not if you don't want me to," he finally said, and she exhaled, leaning in and pressing a kiss to his lips. She wasn't sure what she was afraid of, but she felt as though she'd dodged some kind of bullet. A/N: I'm itching for the reveal, but it's going to be awhile yet. You have no idea how it pains me. Like, all the agony that all of you go through, waiting for that set of three beautiful chapters where, like, all the plotlines will come together and set us rolling into a new phase of the story (if you think really hard, you'll know what I'm talking about), what I feel waiting to write that is TEN TIMES all of y'all put together. I promise. It's horrible. But art can't be rushed. Review Prompt: Pick five people you want to slap in this story. Rank them (1 is most like to slap), and then tell me how many times more you want to slap your number 1 from your number five. Example: Mine is 1. Albus, 2. Lydia, 3. Minerva, 4. Remus, 5. Percy. And I'd like to slap Albus about six hundred times more than I'd like to slap Percy. Mostly because right now, Percy's still a child. So, kind of a free pass. Q&A: Q: What business is Severus doing in Hogsmeade? Lucius? Another woman? Prostitute? (vampirela69) A: SPOILER ALERT. Mildly. I'm not giving away the exact details, because honestly, where's the incentive if I just tell y'all EVERYTHING? You need to work some things out. I will say, though, that the mailbox he's been using to conduct business serves two purpose. The first is that he doesn't have to accept packages at school, so he doesn't have to open things for work at breakfast, because seriously, think how awkward that would be if you were a Potions Master. However, the paper-mail is…legally not his. Albus and Severus are…exercising some legal loopholes and good old-fashioned bribery to reroute and destroy some mail. And that's all I'm saying on that, so go ahead and speculate and I'll give virtual lollies to whoever gets it first. Cheers C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to one of my most regular reader/reviewers, vampirela69. I know Lydia sometimes drives you crazy, but it means a lot to me when you stick around anyway. :D -C It didn't take a genius to know what the long, thin package that was delivered to Harry at breakfast was, and Lydia didn't miss the way Minerva perked up and Severus tensed at the sight of Harry reading the note that came with it – a note which presumably told him not to open it at breakfast. The sort of note James would have certainly ignored, but Lydia was impressed to find that Harry took the note seriously, and did not open it. "Well," Minerva said, smirking at Severus, "that was promising. I'm telling you, Severus, you're wrong about that boy." Severus was clearly about to say something snarky in return, but Lydia stamped her heel down on his foot and he just scowled, eating his toast. She glanced around the room to see if anyone else had noticed, and she saw one person had – one person who created the whole mess in the first place. "Damn," she hissed, frowning at the Slytherin table. "What?" "Draco. He looks far too pleased with himself." Severus looked at Draco and hummed, but did nothing. When Harry and Ron stood a few minutes later, and spoke excitedly over the parcel, Draco stood with his two very large, thuggish friends to follow them, and Lydia glanced nervously down the table. Severus was pretending it wasn't happening, and Albus was looking at her, obviously hoping to remind her that she was not to approach Harry. But something had to be done. She'd seen that look Draco had, and she'd seen it on Organza's face. If Organza Oldington had procured thugs to do her bidding, Lydia probably wouldn't have survived her seven years at Hogwarts. Lydia was about to say sod it and follow them out when Filius finished his breakfast and left the Great Hall, and Lydia relaxed, satisfied that his presence would diffuse whatever might be brewing in the entrance hall. Severus surprised her by placing his hand on her thigh, perhaps a way of saying she did the right thing by not getting up, or perhaps trying to help soothe her nerves. Whatever his purpose, she put her hand over his, letting her thumb caress his skin. "Lydia," Albus said brightly, "if I could have a moment of your time this morning, during your free period, I would be much obliged." "Of course," she said, but she felt her insides squirm and tingle and twist over themselves. Was he going to scold her for her obvious desire to intervene? Was he going to say that this wasn't working, and that perhaps he was going to force a sabbatical, even just for a year while Harry got used to the magical world and she got used to the idea of her lack of role in his life? She didn't know, but it was terrifying to consider. Lydia focused on her breakfast, giving up after a brief attempt to carry a conversation with Quirinus, who didn't seem eager to speak with her, especially in front of Severus. She certainly wasn't in the mood to work at drawing him out, so she ate more toast than she usually would, and she watched the other teachers and the students file out to go to the first round of classes. Albus gestured to Lydia, and she followed him out of the Great Hall, to his office. On the way, they spoke softly. "I saw two great acts of restraint this morning," he said brightly. "It does make one pleased to be human, to know mankind is capable of such things." Lydia didn't know if he was being facetious or not, so she said nothing, following him up the steps behind the gargoyle, and into his office. She sat when he gestured for her to sit, and she declined the licorice snaps he offered her. "I've done something to offend you, Albus?" she asked smoothly. He blinked at her, surprised. "Offend me?" he said, saying the word as though it felt strange on his tongue. "Why no, my dear. Why ever would you think that?" Lydia shrugged, glancing around at all the glittering trinkets on his desk. Some of them were useful, some of them she didn't recognize to know whether they were useful or not. She supposed he was gifted a great number of things throughout his life, and probably particularly in his time as Headmaster. It was astonishing, she mused, that in her life, she'd gathered a relatively few things she treasured enough to keep, and none she felt comfortable displaying. "No, I wanted to check in with you, see how you felt things were going." "My work is progressing as it does every year, sir." "No, not your work," he said, frowning slightly. "I wanted to talk with you about Harry." She felt her shoulders tighten, but she said nothing, frowning at a small knot in the wood of his desk. "Lydia, just because I do not think it is wise for you to discuss the past with Harry does not mean I do not value your opinion greatly, both of Harry and of how Severus is…managing." She sighed, glancing at the Sorting Hat, then looking down at her hands. She didn't know what to say, but she knew she had to say something. "Harry seems to be a wonderful child," she said, feeling her eyes sting as she stared pointedly at the same knot on his desk. "A credit to his parents, despite his aunt and uncle. He asked me for directions once. He was frantic, the way first years so often are, but he was so terribly polite. It's very difficult, Albus." "I'm sure it is," he said, frowning. "I've already begun to develop a soft spot for the boy. Very polite, spitting image of his father, but when I look at even the way he carries himself, he's so much his mother's son." Lydia smiled sadly and said, "Yes, but try telling Sev that. He's determined to see James in him." "I do worry about that," Albus said, nodding. "The hatred Severus feels toward James, even now is like a poison he can't draw out. I had hoped, once upon a time, that the distance and time and your constant and positive presence would help him to heal. I gave up that hope a very long time ago, however. I'm not certain he can." She inhaled and exhaled deeply, closing her eyes. The weight of her own pain and wounds was still very raw, just beneath the surface, and she could understand why those things did not heal Severus. They didn't heal her, and she some days felt she had far less right to hurt than he did. "Time doesn't heal, Albus," she said softly. "The person who said that lied. It just gives us space to get used to how the pain feels. It's always right there, waiting to be exacerbated." Half-expecting him to argue why she was wrong, to tell her why time healing all was the most poignant thing man ever said, she was stunned to hear him whisper, "I know." They sat in silence for several minutes before Albus spoke again, this time saying, "I have seen small changes in him this year, and it concerns me. I have not always been open with you, Lydia. I doubt I will ever manage to be fully open with you, and I hope that does not insult you or hurt you. There are many things I must balance, and you are one consideration in a hundred. I value you greatly, but…" "As important as I may be," she said, opening her eyes, "I will never be the most important thing." He bowed his head slightly in agreement. "I understand that. I won't say I'll always approve, but I do understand, Albus." "I have struggled greatly," he said softly, "with how things are with you and Severus and Remus and…." He trailed off, frowning. "I make mistakes like any man. Somewhat more catastrophically than most men, I'll grant you, but I do make mistakes. Sometimes I look back on my life and I wonder whether I made the best choice…. But that's a talk for another time, I think. What I mean to say is, you balance both men so well, and they each bring out the best in you. And I suppose you all bring out a great deal of negatives in each other. "I truly believe Remus would be lost right now without you. And I strongly suspect Severus would live under a perpetual dark cloud. And…you recall how you were when the war ended. And yet…this triangle, it's not healthy, Lydia. Someday, I do want you to be able to sit down and talk to Harry, when he's ready and when you're ready. But I can't see that being possible at the moment. Do you see?" She let out a hollow laugh. She did see. She could see the sort of puppet-master he was, attempting to gracefully twitch the strings between her and the men in her life, attempting to balance the mess until he could decide who he needed more – Remus or Severus. She suspected it would end up being Severus, either because of convenience or because of Severus's connections and talents. But then, one never knew when one needed a werewolf. It wasn't necessarily about her, but about how to maximize her with whomever he most required, preferably without losing whomever he needed less. It wasn't easy, not to take it personally. Albus was a master of making comments that stung. But she knew he was right about the way things were balanced not being healthy. But just as he couldn't figure out the way to fix it, Lydia had no idea how she was supposed to clean it up. She couldn't let Remus go, not when he did still love her, and she couldn't leave Severus, particularly after the way he'd melted down when she asked him what his post box in Hogsmeade was for. And while she couldn't imagine saying no if Remus did ask her to be with him, she couldn't imagine life without Severus, either. She felt stuck. She said nothing, however, and looked up at the portraits of former headmasters on the walls. Mostly, they pretended to sleep when guests were in the room, perhaps out of politeness, likely to lull the visitor into false security, getting them to say something they may not if they thought portraits were watching. The only one with eyes open now was Phineas Nigellus Black, an ancestor of Sirius's who often frowned at her like he was trying to figure her out. "I'm not sure," she said softly, "if there's much we can accomplish during this meeting. You don't have anything you want of me with Harry…. You see everything, Albus." "Not everything," he said sadly, sighing. "I have to confess, Lydia, I failed you greatly when it came to Sirius Black. I should have seen what he was long before…. And I know that there are larger implications, and he destroyed a great many lives, but after Harry, my greatest regret in that mess is how…how things have worked out for you." The wideness in his blue eyes held a sincerity she'd never seen in them before, almost pleading her to understand. Lydia wondered how much this had plagued him lately, if it was perhaps painful for him to have her and Harry in one place like this, a daily reminder of that failure and the two people affected most by it. She couldn't imagine what it would be like if Remus were there, too, whose life might never be fully happy again. The guilt would be enormous, even if it wasn't his guilt to bear. They all should have seen. "Sirius was a very good liar," she said softly, standing. "And as you said, you make mistakes." She showed herself out without waiting to be dismissed. Very little work needed to be done to set up for her class, but she liked having a few minutes to relax before students began to trickle in. She prepared the essays to be handed back while they did their work, and she had a few Potions essays she'd pre-read for some students who were getting extra help from her that she tucked under their Arithmancy essays. She'd already taught them how to remove her notes so that Severus wouldn't see them once they made their changes, as she was using a particular kind of ink that was easier to permanently remove with magic. Angelina Johnson was first in, and she dropped her bag, marching right up to Lydia's desk without getting out a thing. "Professor Rowe, you played Quidditch, didn't you?" "Yes, I did," Lydia said, smiling to herself at the boldness and take-charge attitude of Angelina. The girl would make a good captain someday. She was so much like James. "Did you hear that Wood's made Potter or Seeker?" "I did," Lydia said slowly, hoping this girl hadn't gone looking through old school records or something. The last thing she needed was it becoming common knowledge that she'd played with Harry's father. Angelina drew herself up and said, "I've not seen him fly yet, but I imagine you've heard about how he was discovered. It's quite rampant gossip." Lydia hummed her acknowledgement. "I wonder if you think he might be anywhere near as good as Charlie. Wood thinks he might be, but I've my doubts." Lydia's lips twitched, and she turned to write on the board, preparing the last of the equations for their work. "In truth," Lydia said, "I was a Chaser, like you so my knowledge of Seekers is limited to observation. However, from what I know…" She paused, careful not to imply that she knew more about Harry or his flying than what she'd heard from others. "I would say it's very likely he's as good as Charlie or better. Do you want your essay now, or do you want to get a start on the equations first?" This abrupt shift in conversation startled Angelina, but she recovered quickly and said she'd take the essay now, but she didn't need to read it right away. Lydia put the essay down as Angelina took her things out of her bag and got to work. Angelina, unfortunately, was an expert multitasker. As soon as she started copying down the first equation, she said, "Do you think it will be a disadvantage, having a Seeker who's so small?" "He's built for the role," Lydia said, trying to keep things general. "And you have to remember, lots of Seekers, even in the professional game, are female. You want to be light and speedy, don't you? Allows for swift and sharp changes in direction. Yeah, they're not necessarily as hardy, but those twins of yours are great with the Bludgers." "Oh, sure, but the Slytherins are hell," she said, shrugging. "I know from personal experience that Bludgers are the least of your worries with Flint and his thugs. Professor, I heard that you are signed up to be a back-up ref if Madam Hooch isn't able to do the job." Lydia smiled wryly and said, "Where do you get your information, Angelina? It's impeccable. Are you sure you don't just sit outside the door during staff meetings and take down shorthand?" "No," the girl said, looking up with wide eyes. "I would have thought you'd put charms on the door." "There's a standing charm," Lydia said with a laugh. "It was a joke, Angelina." The girl relaxed, her dark cheeks flushing slightly. "Yes, I've been put down. I have a knowledge of the rules and a good memory. I doubt it will ever come to that. I could count on one hand the number of times it ever became a question of a substitute in all my years at this school. And if I weren't available, there are other teachers with the knowledge to referee." Lydia wasn't foolish enough to give examples when Angelina gave her a curious look. Severus had the knowledge, but even Angelina would know that he couldn't exactly be trusted with the concept of parity and just treatment. Lydia knew he had his reasons for this, and while she didn't agree with them, she certainly wasn't foolish enough to hold him to a standard different than the one he held himself to. She understood better than most the demands on him from all quarters. Instead, she focused her attention on greeting students as they began to enter, and handing back essays, preparing to go over the particularly difficult questions on the board, when the time came. She settled into the routine of the day, clinging to the normality of it. Lydia rarely thought to revel in the routine things, but when she did, she savored them, recalling all the uncertainties she'd suffered in the past and appreciating that while working at Hogwarts wasn't always easy or ideal, it held a great many charms her other options could never give her, namely stability and Severus. "Right," she said, once the students had been given enough time to work on the assignments. "Let's see if any of us got this right." She was greeted with nervous laughter that told her she was not wrong in thinking they were unlikely to have accomplished any of it. She took the front of the room and asked one of her Slytherin students for his thoughts on the first equation, hoping that in spite of Harry's presence, she could have a relatively peaceful year. She and Severus had had enough difficulty without dealing with more chaos. "Alright," she said when he gave his simplistic answer. "That's a good start. Can anyone think of a different way to approach it?" A few nervous hands went up, and they were off. A/N: Alright, I was going to hold on to this one until next week, but it was ready to go, and I couldn't resist. SO, bonus chapter! :D Three in one day, aren't you so pleased? Harry gets a broomstick, Lydia and Albus try to find an understanding for Severus's sake, and Angelina Johnson is an information queen. Review Prompt: Scale of one to five, where one is "I want to boil him until his skin falls off" and five is "I just kind of want to flick his nose until I feel better", how are we feeling about Albus right now? Q&A: Don't forget to ask questions, dears! -C
A steady thrum of energy pulsed through Lydia as she watched her seventh-year students work. She enjoyed watching this highest caliber of student work through their passion projects, only pausing when they became too stuck to move forward on their own. She was pleased to see that most of her students did not resort to asking for her help often, which meant she'd instilled in them the proper sense of critical thinking. She paced through the room, pausing to look at a few of the more difficult projects, thinking about the way Severus had almost-casually suggested they spend the afternoon working on their research as he traced his fingers up her thighs. She wondered whether they would accomplish anything, but she'd prepped her star chart measurements, just in case. Lydia glanced at her watch, trying not to smile at the growl of frustration from the back of the room. These students were only truly beginning to understand just how difficult their final year of her course would be, and Lydia knew that almost no one too her course to this point without needing it for some career or another. They felt the need to do well, not just a desire to do well. "I've seen a few of you, you'll know who you are, who are using the Rowe Theorem for Event Prediction, and you're not using the proper inversion forms. Don't be lazy simply because you're focused on the most advanced portions. The way we separate wheat from chaff at this level is the ability to balance simplicity with advancement. Arithmancy is a very precise art." A few students sighed with disappointment, and one by the window paled. Lydia took some time out of one of her evenings where she was meant to be marking, and she snuck out to watch part of a Gryffindor Quidditch practice, and she watched Harry fly. He was not exactly like his father, but she'd been awed with how naturally the maneuvering of a broomstick came to him. Lydia was jealous, thinking how hard James made her practice to meet his standard, and here Harry was, picking it up within his first month of learning magic and wizardry. Lydia saw a hand up and she was pulled from her reverie, and she took a deep breath and crossed to the student, looking at his work. "Professor," he said softly, "I can't decide where to go next with this." The project in question was a study of the numerological symbology of ancient Icelandic runic texts on file, which was a bit beyond Lydia's ken, but was something her student was wholly impassioned by. She knelt next to his desk and nodded, looking at how his work was coming thus far. "Did you decide on translation, or the assignation of numbers to symbols?" "I haven't decided," he said, almost guiltily. "I'm carrying forward both methods until one provides itself as the better option. Unless you can see a benefit to one or the other." He spread out the pages for her to see the differences developing between the two. She asked for scratch paper, and he quickly provided his own, where she found enough space to do a quick standard deviation for each format, to see what would give him the most precise results. He seemed awed when she told him it would be best not to translate the runes, and he asked how she'd learned to do that. "Muggle statistics," she said with a weak smile. "Whatever society tells you, there is great benefit to acquainting yourself with Muggle learning, in any academic field." "Even Potions?" he asked in a clear attempt at humor. "Especially Potions," Lydia said seriously. "Professor Snape's job would be much more difficult if he didn't have such a high level of understanding of Muggle chemistry. Now, is there anything else you need?" "Yeah," he said, frowning and showing her a line he was working on. "I can't figure out how to make this work. It's the original, but I also know it's an error, and I'm not aware of a way to manage that anomaly." "Ah," Lydia said, smiling. "Yes, you wouldn't be. I'm going to loan you a book. For the moment, work on the previous lines more closely, see if you can get some polished product, and drop by my office this week. This is beyond NEWT level, but I don't see that you'll be able to do without it." "Yes, Professor," he said, a mix of nervous and relieved. "I can drop by tomorrow." "Very well," she said, nodding to him. She moved through to the other side of the room, mentally searching her office, trying to remember where she'd put the book in question, and considering adding a few notes of her own tucked into it, to help him make sense of some of the more complex points. She supposed she could run through it with him and still give him the notes, just in case the teaching needed reinforcement. She'd had plenty of times when she'd practiced something with Lily, and then ten minutes later, when she had to do whatever it was on her own, she'd forgotten everything. The students were predictably average in the remainder of their attempts, and when the hour ran down, she gave them a few typical reminders, fielded several more specific questions, and reminded her runic student that she'd have that book ready for him the next day. When the students filed out, she went to Severus's lab and waited, pulling out the star charts and spreading them over the workbench. She rubbed her eyes, taking out her calipers and sighing. For some reason, she felt especially old today, like she'd somehow be doing this job for decades, not simply years. She started slightly when Severus swept into the room, and he gave her a thoughtful look before crossing to see what she was doing. "I thought you'd already done these measurements," he said, looking over her shoulder, his lips near her ear. Lydia smiled, playfully swatting at him, but he didn't take the hint, moving closer to her, placing his hands at her waist. "Always double check," she said, trying not to react too strongly as he kissed her neck. She didn't know what had him in such a good mood, and she wasn't sure she wanted to know, but she planned to tack advantage of it when she finished with her measurements. "You did double check," he murmured against her skin. "Lydia, you're going overkill on this research, circling back over things you established. What's the point?" Lydia wanted to argue with him, but she knew he was mostly right. She was avoiding wrapping up the research, as she'd already sworn to drop things where the Killing Curse was concerned. She wasn't allowed to interview Harry. And even though she knew she could get interesting and perhaps important insights by mapping out the wider proximity, it would be a great amount of effort for marginal result, at best. "What do you suggest?" she asked, standing straight, turning to look at him, to carry on a conversation when he wasn't nibbling at her neck. "A different avenue?" "In a way," he said, frowning slightly as he traced the muscles in her neck. "What is keeping you from drafting the essay?" "Because I don't know how it ends," she said, rubbing the back of her neck. Severus's eyes narrowed, and she knew he was struggling with the questions she wasn't allowed to pursue. Severus kissed her, an old tactic of hers, one she hadn't used to full effect in years, attempting to distract the conversation away from some undesired path, using physical action to smooth over rough edges. Lydia gave in for a moment, allowing herself to enjoy the lazy, easy way they kissed. She could give in, allow the topic be changed to a more physical arrangement, take full advantage of his desire to kiss her, maybe even seduce him. They wouldn't have to talk about the things that were bothering them for some time, maybe even months, but Lydia knew there was no good in that. They weren't young anymore, and she couldn't keep pretending procrastination was a viable method of dealing with her problems. Lydia pulled away from the kiss, ignoring the rush she got when he tried to lean in and keep the kiss going as long as possible. When their eyes met, she knew he recognized being caught out, but his face was as neutral and impassive as usual. Lydia traced her fingers along his jaw and said softly, "I just don't like leaving a thing unfinished, Sev." "Not everything in life is neat," he said. "You can't plan for every angle, every contingency, before you leap. Sometimes, you have to do your best and lay it out as complete." She knew he would never do that with his own work, but she did take perfectionism to extremes in her academic life. It was what made her so good at measurements. It was why she was completely ready to moveout when everything came out about Sirius. Complete enough was never enough. "It's hard for me to think that way," she said, frowning. "I don't like letting go." "I know," he said, pressing his forehead to hers. "I know. Let's start a draft, though. If you want to keep running over your measurements in your own time, well, that's your prerogative. But we need to put this to bed." Lydia hummed, unable to find an argument. She was about to say something cheesy about how they were speaking about beds, but Severus obviously preempted her intent. He kissed her forcefully, pressing her back into the work bench. She felt the star chart shift behind her, heard her calipers hit the floor, but it seemed so unimportant as his fingers undid the robe, then quickly moving to her legs, fumbling for the hem of her skirt. She reached behind her, working to shift over the star chart while she still had coherent thought. Severus's lips went to her neck and he nibbled gently. She arched her neck, shifting to give him easier access, but she said, "I have tea with Albus this evening, so try not to leave anything too obvious." He groaned against her skin, but she knew he would respect her request. His long fingers traced up her thighs, and she closed her eyes, enjoying the way he touched her. She pulled him into a kiss as he entered her, and she traced her fingers up to his neck, trying not to dig her nails in as he moved inside of her. No avail. By the time they were collapsed together, propped up by the work bench, she'd drawn a bit of blood, and she could feel a sore spot on her lip where he'd been worrying it. She laughed against his mouth as he kissed her gently, and she pulled away, checking her watch. "Damn," she sighed, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. "Don't go," he whispered against her lips, attempting to draw her into another hungry kiss. It was so tempting to ignore Albus, to stay here in Severus's lab, to succumb to his kisses and touches until she was nothing but a pile of sensual putty in his hands, she knew she had responsibilities beyond her fun with Severus. She pulled away despite the groan of disappointment, and she raised an eyebrow as he tried to pull her back. He relented, and she said, "You know I'd never ask it of you. Don't worry, it'll be quick, and I'll see you back in bed." At this, he perked up, and she knew he'd clean up and go straight back to their quarters to be ready and waiting when she was done with her meeting. She tried not to smirk as she left his lab, but she felt terribly satisfied, and she didn't even care of Albus had some inkling of what she'd been up to. Albus had tea ready when she arrived, hers cooling and waiting for her. She sat and ignored the greeting he gave her. "Before you lecture me," she said, smiling because she had to smile or she'd be furious, "yes, I went to the practice to watch Harry fly. But he didn't see me, and I didn't speak to him. So, I haven't violated our arrangement." "I never suggested you had, my dear," Albus said, amused. "Minerva insists he flies like his father. Do you agree?" Lydia sighed, pressing the pads of her fingers against the warm wall of the teacup, feeling a slightly uncomfortable burn. "It's so difficult to say," she said, frowning. "I had the sensation, the whole time, that I was watching James fly. Different type of movement, obviously, but…that instinct was something James always had. And he does look so like his father, especially from a distance. I can see why Severus finds him so offensive." "He's hardly offensive," Albus said with a small smile. "A very polite boy, much like his mother in that respect." Lydia said nothing, looking down at her teacup. That was hardly the point. No matter how Harry behaved, no matter what his strengths and weaknesses, he would always have the face of Severus's childhood enemy – an offense Harry could never atone for. "I'm not saying it's right," Lydia finally muttered. "I'm just saying I understand. But if you want me to help him see Lily in Harry, I'm afraid this hasn't helped. Quidditch was always very much James's thing, and something everyone at Hogwarts associated with him, even when he wasn't playing. By letting Harry play Quidditch early, it also ties that skill to entitlement, which was always one of James's cardinal sins, where Severus is concerned." "There was little option," Albus said with a frown as Lydia pressed the cup to her lips experimentally. Too warm, still. "As you so eloquently pointed out at the meeting, there was little that could be done once he proved himself capable of the position. I could not punish Harry, or Gryffindor, because it would cause Severus to suffer further." Lydia nodded, breathing in the steamy, warm tea, thinking of the good mood Severus had been in that afternoon, and hoping she hadn't benefited from him terrorizing students – specifically, Harry. She pressed the cup more firmly against her lip, feeling the uncomfortable burn of the too-hot porcelain. Presumably, Albus wanted more from her than her thoughts on Harry's flying, but she had carefully not formed too many opinions. She and Severus cautiously avoided him as a topic of conversation. She'd purposefully avoided his path to classes, to avoid the temptation of speaking to him. Lydia walked on the Slytherin side of the Great Hall to keep from running into him at meals. "You are a highly perceptive woman, Lydia," Albus said softly. "You always saw more than those around you, without saying a word. Perhaps from being used to watching on the sidelines of someone else's struggle." Her nostrils flared, and ignoring the subtle reminder of her parents, she said, "Yes, perhaps, Albus. But we both know my perception has its flaws. And the things I didn't see were very serious." Albus's eyes narrowed in a twitch at the purposeful double entendre, and he said nothing as she set down the tea, unconsumed, and stood. "I'm sure there's much more to discuss," he said softly, but Lydia shook her head and turned away. "Lydia, do not allow this opportunity to pass you by." Lydia curled her nails into her palms and tried not to scream with frustration. She wanted to throw something, not necessarily at Albus, but just to feel something leave her hands and hear it break against a more solid, immovable object. She wanted to let him feel the full force of her anger and hurt and insignificance. But as usual, she could not bring herself to do what she felt needed to be done. Or perhaps she could not bring herself to do what she wanted. They were not always the same. Lydia couldn't be sure, in this moment. Instead, she walked out of the office before he could say something to infuriate her further, and she went straight to her office. She wanted to cool herself down before going to Severus, so she took the opportunity to find the book she would be loaning to her student. She found and re-read the passage she wanted him to consider, and kept careful notes while she read of how he could best implement these strategies in his work. Lydia did an example piece by piece on the notes, just to be certain. Then she folded her notes in half and slipped them into the front of the section he would have to read. Lydia set the book on the corner of her desk, took a few deep breaths, and made her way down to Severus's quarters. He was not in their bed when she arrived – unsurprisingly, but on the sofa with a book and a cup of tea. He looked up, frowned, and said, "I thought you were going to be back much sooner." "Sorry," she sighed. "I had to take care of an errand in my office before I came back. While it was still fresh in my mind. Anything interesting?" She tried to get a look at his book, but he snapped it shut and tossed it aside, pulling her into a kiss. "Not half as interesting as you," he said in a low, dangerous voice that made her shiver. She carefully took his tea from his hand and set it on the side table before allowing him to pull her onto his lap, his black eyes fluid and warm as he stared directly into her eyes. "Remind me where we were." Lydia hummed and pressed a kiss to his jaw, feeling his hands reach around to trace up her back and pull her closer as she tried to pretend no time had passed since he was pressing her against his workbench. A/N: Lydia's working on her teaching, Severus makes good points, and Albus stretches her thin. Review Prompt: Is Lydia's perfectionism something positive, or negative? Q&A: Please ask me questions! -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new reader Kylria. I hope you enjoy, and welcome to the family! Sincere apologies for the delay. I know it's been ages. I've had multiple family emergencies, some protracted, plus work, plus school, plus trying to become organized (which involves an insane amount of disorganization before the result is achieved), and this chapter was sitting in my flash drive mostly finished but not quite for ages. I'll try to do better. I'm not including any reader questions because that notebook is in a box somewhere, but if there are any, I'll dig them out. Please keep submitting them, and they'll be back as soon as I have a chance to organize them. -C Lydia threw herself into her work. The closer Halloween crept, the harder it was to see Harry and not think of James, what he'd looked like the last time she saw him, what he looked like in her nightmares, dead on the floor of his home. A shiver ran through her, and she stared at the faces of her students, almost hoping Harry wouldn't take her class. She couldn't imagine this sensation would become any easier as he grew older, became more like James as he was when he died. "Yes?" she said to one of the Ravenclaw girls in the front, who was eager to give the answer. "Completeness," the girl said, and a boy in the back raised his hand abruptly, without a question to answer. Lydia blinked, startled, but she called on him after she gave Ravenclaw a few points. "Professor," he said eagerly, "I was wondering, you've written about event prediction and the war. Were you ever able to predict the end of it? I mean, the time, or the date, or the place, or anything?" Lydia felt a wave of nausea. She thought of her equations, drawn in the laundry soap, transferred to parchment, the sense of infinity, of the war never ending…. Even now, she wasn't sure it was really over. The things Albus had said about the Dark Lord not actually being dead…. "Not really, no," she said, smiling weakly. "But something of that scale, there are always components that one person cannot know. One would have to be on both sides, to know the secrets of all parties involved, to have details that it's almost impossible for one person to know." Two people, though, she thought bitterly, thinking how she and Severus had enough knowledge between them to do a more complete job. But after all the things he didn't want her to see, to know, where the research into Harry was concerned…. Severus certainly wouldn't want to explore the depths of the war with her, to find the errors in her previous calculations. Because there had to be an end. Nothing lasted forever, no war and no regime. Somewhere, there would be an end. But Lydia was almost afraid to find it now. "Have you thought about doing more extensive research?" he said eagerly. "I think it would be a good thing to publish." "Perhaps someday," she said with a tight smile, "that can be your contribution to the field. Many things catch my interest, and I think living through the war has spoiled the research for me a bit. Better to look with fresh eyes, anyway." She clapped her hands together and said, "Now, we were talking about the number three. Let's get back to that, shall we? Now – yes, Carlisle?" The same boy was raising his hand again, and she had a feeling it didn't have to do with the number three. He sat forward, obviously encouraged by her continuing to call on him. "Professor, what was it like, living in the war?" Her breath caught and she stared at him, and she saw other students sitting up a bit straighter, their attention fully on her. "You have History of Magic for this," she said weakly, but she knew what their answer would be before she said the words. "Professor Binns is useless," Alicia Spinnet said with a frown. "We memorize names and dates, but there's nothing about what it was actually like." "You even make numbers interesting," Cecelia Wright of Slytherin said eagerly. "We'd rather hear from you." She took a deep breath, sitting on the edge of her desk, staring at a point on the wall that was just above the heads of her students, without really seeing it. She was seeing Harry's birth, Sirius dying on their sofa, Albus's blue eyes full of urgency as he demanded to know where Sirius had gone. The class had gone still and silent, as though every third year student held their breath, expecting her to tell them all the secret things no one thought them old enough to hear, mature enough to know. She supposed she'd have wanted the same, had she been sitting in their place. It would have been so useful, having a teacher willing to lay out everything plainly and dispassionately. And what with Harry starting, students were bound to have renewed curiosity. "When I was a student," she said softly, still not looking, but knowing they were all sitting up straight and on the edges of their seats, "the war was going on outside the walls. Not when I first arrived, but…it only took a few years for things to pick up. By your age, it was undeniable. When I was…fifteen, the war entered the school." A couple of girls to her left gasped, but she didn't bother looking to see which ones. She closed her eyes, thinking of Mary, of how horrified they'd all been when she was first attacked. "I know you have fights in the corridors sometimes, especially before the Gryffindor Slytherin Quidditch match. But…not like what we had. Some of the older students were already thinking in terms of the war, people's family members would disappear or die, and some of the students my age were already trying to impress the Dark Lord." "Why do you call him that?" Alicia asked quickly, and Lydia held her breath, wondering what to say. She couldn't tell them it had become habit since she started sleeping with Severus, but she had to say something. "Because I'm brave enough not to be vague," she said, smiling weakly as she opened her eyes, "but too much a coward to use his name, I suppose. I've not given it much thought, to be honest. Anyway, one of my friends was killed when we were…seventeen. She'd been targeted before, Muggle-born. And from there, almost everyone I knew picked a side or ran away." "Did you?" one of the boys said eagerly. "Did you pick a side?" Lydia looked at her fingernails, frowning. In a sense, by living with Sirius, by only publically being seeing with the Order members, attending all those funerals for Order members and their families, she did pick a side. But she never wanted to, and she never fought, and the only thing she did for one side or the other was healing. And since she healed Sirius more than a time or two, she'd probably come out pretty even for whom she helped, truly. "Not really," she said, frowning. "The thing is, even if you don't pick a side in a war, your actions are going to place you more on one side than another. Because my friends were all fighting on one side, every time I put someone up, or healed a wound, or brewed a potion, I might have been helping a war effort. Just because you don't declare yourself doesn't mean you haven't essentially picked a side. But it's always more complicated than we realize." The students looked up at her, awed, and she thought of Ludo Bagman's trial, brought before Crouch for passing information to Rookwood. He was guilty of being a naïve, gullible man and nothing else, as Rookwood had been a family friend, and he'd been promised a career once he was too old for sport. Lydia couldn't blame him for not realizing he was being used. The same could be said for her. She trusted Sirius because she'd known him since eleven, because his friends were her friends, because he shared her bed. She couldn't fathom what she would have said had she been called before the courts for her part in healing him, perhaps inadvertently helping him with things. Mercifully, he never seemed to want her to be involved in the war, perhaps because he couldn't see a way to involve her without showing his true colors. "Here's something related to Arithmancy," she said, sitting on her desk. "Logic. How many of you have studied any logic?" A few Muggle-born students raised their hands slowly, looking around to see there were only a small number of people raising their hands. She smiled. "There are benefits, at times, to studying Muggle methods," she said, winking at them. They'd heard her say it before, but they had no idea that she'd used a logic puzzle to aid hiding Nicolas Flamel's precious stone. "Logic is a way of thinking that helps you take what you know, whatever that information is, and use a series of premises to determine what you don't know. It can be very useful in Arithmancy, and in life, generally. So, let's say I come to your house over the summer holiday. I've known you for a while now. I'm a teacher. I would like to think you lot like me alright." A few chuckles. "Would you invite me into your home?" Most students were nodding slowly, shrugging. "Well, sure," one student said, frowning as though the question were strange. Lydia smiled and said, "Alright, what if I tell you that there's a rise of imposters in home robberies. People are using complex transfiguration and complicated, dangerous potions to impersonate respected members of society and people's loved ones. How do you know it's me?" Several of them blinked, stunned at this suggestion. Alicia raised her hand and said, "Well, even if they change appearance with Transfiguration, they wouldn't necessarily have your voice." "Let's say they sound enough alike, you couldn't be sure," she said, nodding. "Polyjuice Potion, which is well beyond student capacity, but a common use during the war, changes vocal chords with the rest of it, so they'll sound like the person they impersonate." Students began to suggest patterns of speech, mannerisms, knowledge base. She was pleased that they were beginning to think along the right track. "If someone were pretending to be me, but they didn't know my food preferences, Professor Snape would notice in a second," she said. "For example, I never drink my tea when it's hot. If there's steam, it's too hot. Or if someone were trying to be me, they would have to walk like me, wouldn't they? If they had a stiff posture like Professor McGonagall, that would be unusual. And you'd think, wouldn't you, that someone trying to impersonate me would take the time to familiarize themselves with my work enough to carry on a conversation about it. But if they've learned the basic things, observable things, things you would need to be in the house to notice, anyway, how do you know when you're at the door whether it's me or not me?" "You'd have to have a secret," Angelina said softly. "Something…something only that person could answer, or something agreed beforehand, wouldn't you?" "That's generally what people did, yes," Lydia said. "It's not fool-proof, obviously, but it's about as close as one can get. And people have all kinds of secrets, so there were usually lots of possibilities. There is one way, of course, to go around that," Lydia said, looking around at them. "Imposters weren't the only trouble. Can anyone think of other ways?" "Imperius Curse?" a nervous voice said from the back. Lydia closed her eyes and nodded. She thought of Mary, poor Mary. It was too easy to forget some things from the war, but she never forgot how it felt to see her friend hanging from a rope with a puddle of blood beneath her. "It's a workaround for that particular drawback for imposters," Lydia said, "because in most cases, it doesn't affect the knowledge base or memories of the victim. There are always outliers, of course." "How does one account for outliers with logic?" Alicia Spinnet asked. "I know that Arithmancy has margins of error, but logic isn't really number-based, is it? So how do you account for outliers?" "By being very careful," Lydia said with a grin, and the students laughed nervously. "No, honestly, it's easy when you get going to start mistaking assumptions for facts. Even I do it," she said, and the students laughed again. "No, really, I do it from time to time. Sometimes you must make small assumptions when you don't have all the facts just to keep the gears turning, but you have to think about the way that small assumptions add up and can become big ones. Suddenly, you end up in an area you would never have gone had you truly possessed the facts." Alicia nodded, and a few other students nodded too. Lydia checked the time and said, "The thing is, a lot of this course is theoretical, but its potential is endless. You need to know your variables, but once you have those, there's really no limit to what you can do." "But there's things in magic that aren't possible," one of the boys said, horrified by her suggestion that anything was possible. "You can't bring back the dead. You can't break Gamp's Laws. You can't fly unaided—" "There are things that aren't possible yet," Lydia said slowly, "but I think we need to be careful how we define things. All attempts and consideration with necromancy suggest that reanimation of the body is possible—we've seen Inferi during the war, horrible though it is. We also have at least anecdotal evidence that it is possible to reach out to the soul, although not to reunite it with the physical. In theory, anyway. I do doubt that there is any way to break that mystery of life to reunite the two pieces, but either would count, by some measures, as bringing back the dead, would they not? It depends whether you believe the body or the soul counts as the person." The debate that came out of that was remarkable. Lydia and the Arithmancy class cleared the blackboard and began outlining the basic philosophical arguments about what constituted a person, a being, and they started to consider the merits of each option, and what that meant for the supposedly impossible concept of bringing back the dead. The students were deeply involved in the debate, each angle developing its supporters organically, and when the class period ended, Lydia promised the students that she would allow the debate to be continued at another meeting. It wasn't strictly Arithmancy, but it was, in her mind, a related field, and she doubted Dumbledore would be too put out by her encouraging philosophical debate and the practical use of subject matter. Not that philosophy was explicitly practical, but she liked to think it was. "I want you to do the assigned reading," Lydia said at the end of the period while students packed up their things, "as I said in the syllabus, but I also would like it if each of you wrote, say, six inches to a foot on this debate, any aspect of it you'd like. I want you to wait at least a day before starting so you have some time to think about it. And if you have time—don't feel you have to, it's just supplementary—there's the chapter at the end of your books on applications in spell creation I think you might find interesting. It's just an overview, it's not something I typically cover until N.E.W.T. level, but it would give you a good idea on where this course of study can take you." The students eagerly jotted down the extra reading in their planners, notes, and a few very carefully wrote it on their hands. Lydia tried not to wince as she watched students scratch the information on skin using sharp quills and a healthy dose of ink. If only this were Muggle Studies, she could introduce those students to the wonderful invention of the ballpoint pen. She went to the staff room directly after, sitting near the fireplace and stretching out with a book. She felt strangely satisfied, talking about the war. She almost never wanted to discuss it, not even with Severus or Remus or Albus, but telling a room full of thirteen-year-old students…somehow that was different. Lydia exhaled, using her wand to make a cup of tea—something else she almost never did. Severus came in when she was steeping her tea, looking haggard and annoyed. She didn't dare ask what was on his mind. No doubt he was frustrated with some group of students or other, and she didn't want to hear he was being unreasonable with Harry had have to start a fight. He made himself some tea, grunting a greeting to her, and she sat up, reaching up for him as he moved to find a seat near her. "Hey," she said, annoyed. He turned to her, surprised. Lydia reached up for his face and he leaned closer, letting her sit up to kiss him. He was surprised, but he didn't pull away. Lydia could see the calculation in his eyes as he tried to decide what the kiss meant, as if it needed to mean something else, something more than wanting to kiss him. "We're in the staff room," he said when she relaxed into her seat again. She pulled the teacup to her lips watching him puzzle her behavior. "I know," she said casually. "Anyone might have walked in." "Quite." He tilted his head, still not sure why she'd done it. She liked to see him wrongfooted like this, especially when it was her doing. There was something satisfying about catching Severus Snape off guard. He quickly locked the door and moved closer to her, wrapping his arm around her waist. Lydia grinned, leaning her head against his shoulder as she sipped her tea. "You know the other teachers will be upset if they can't get in," she whispered as he pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Don't care," he whispered against her skin. Lydia closed her eyes, letting herself float away to a fictional place where they were always like this, where their pasts were nothing, and all that mattered was the present. She only wished she never had to leave that place. A/N: So, Lydia reminisces, we see an unusual Arithmancy course, and Snape gets a pleasant surprise. I've had a lot of fun writing Lydia as a teacher, and you'll definitely see more of it. I'm curious to know what y'all think of her as a teacher, as she follows pretty closely to how I teach. Review Prompt: Do you think Snape would ever agree to work with Lydia on the history of the war, or not? Why or why not? Cheers, C
A/N: *clears throat awkwardly* Okay, so…explanation time. Yes, I haven't updated in over a year. On anything. No, I don't plan to make a full and furious comeback to this site. Here's what my life looks like right now: I'm whipping a novel into shape with the hope of querying agents this time next year. I'm also working on other novels in that universe for after this novel gets published. I'm the new administrative coordinator for our church's youth group. So…that's fifteen hours a week unpaid. I'm substitute teaching (still) while looking for a full time teaching position. I'm studying up to take more test to get more teaching certifications so I can be eligible for more jobs. So far, I've got English (the one I had from day one) and I just qualified for Social Studies. I'm currently cramming for Middle School Science, so wish me luck. My family life, while less chaotic than when last I wrote, is still messy and requires a lot of time and attention. So am I giving up fan fiction altogether? No. I'm currently working on two MASSIVE projects (possibly followed by a third HP project, when I finish this) in Marvel and Star Trek universes of my own devising. These are multi-generational, dozen-plus story mega-projects, and while I've got a completed draft for the first part of the Marvel universe, it's not ready for posting; and I've got an outline for the Star Trek. Why am I back? Apart from having really missed this story, part of my new adulting-style life is having a morning routine. Part of that routine is to write at least 1200 words per day. Not a big deal, but right now I'm working on character sheets and research for my novel so…not likely to get it in there. Or at least, I can count on it. So it seemed like the perfect opportunity to pick up a project where I (admittedly) did next-to-no editing. This story is just about getting it all down on paper, and then once it's all out in the ether, I can think about if I want to edit and tighten and make it really sparkle. But we're only in Harry's first year, guys. Priorities. I've reviewed the outline, and if I do NO MORE than 1200 words a day, I'm still finishing this story in a little over two years, so…let's get trucking. Shoot for two and a half and see where it takes us, shall we? Also, side note, I realized yesterday while reviewing the piece that I had Cho in the same year as the Weasley twins. She's not. She's between the twins and Harry, so for future reference, smack me on the wrist if you see that error again. -C Lydia wrote, in large chalk writing on the board, the topic of the day: the number seven. When she turned to the third-year students, each was frantically copying the heading into their notes. The autumn chill settled over the castle that morning with a vengeance, and Lydia had opted to wear her Gryffindor scarf, something she rarely did. It wasn't so much a wish not to upset Severus as it was to avoid professing favoritism. When the scratch of quills died down, she cleared her throat. "Bridget Wenlock is largely the one to thank for what we know about this number," she said, leaning against her desk. She flicked her wand and the list of properties appeared below the heading. Students continued to scritch-scratch write as she spoke. "Who remembers something about Bridget Wenlock?" "She wrote in the thirteenth century," Alicia Spinnet said. "Good, and what else?" A boy in the back, rather boastfully, said that Bridget Wenlock was a Ravenclaw. Cedric Diggory raised his hand immediately, and Lydia couldn't help smiling. She never required students to raise their hands, and usually when they did, it was because they were worried that she wouldn't like what they had to say, or because it was habit. Cedric only raised his hand, she suspected, for politeness' sake. She nodded for him to speak. "Actually," Cedric said, "I believe that Bridget Wenlock attended as a Hufflepuff, Professor Rowe." The boy in the back rolled his eyes, but Lydia just smiled and said, "Cedric is correct. Bridget Wenlock, contrary to erroneous popular belief, was indeed a Hufflepuff. Brilliance, I think you'll find, is not limited to Ravenclaw." A small chuckle rumbled through the class, and Angelina cat-called. "What else do we know about either the number seven or Bridget Wenlock?" "Professor," Angelina said, "I don't recognize half of those uses. Some of them are potions, and some are basic magical theory, but the whole second column is—" "Alchemy, yes," Lydia said, frowning. "You wouldn't recognize them. It's a bit of a lost art in European magic. We only have enough qualified students to teach it every ten or fifteen years. There are other wizarding schools that place it in high importance and give prep courses young. It's a…cultural norm in those places." Cedric, curious, raised his hand again, and Lydia nodded. "What qualifies a student to take Alchemy, professor?" "A student needs," she said, thinking back to Lily's desperate wish that it would be offered (it wasn't), "Outstanding O.W.L. qualifications in Potions, Transfiguration, Arithmancy, and at least an Exceeds Expectations in Herbology. And there need to be a minimum of six students qualified, which is fairly rare." The students buzzed with excitement, perhaps thinking they would be sufficiently good as a class to get the qualification. Lydia didn't have the heart to tell them that she could already tell between her own work with them and the arguments between Severus and Minerva, there was no way they'd have enough students qualify. She crossed the long floor of the classroom to the back where she could look at the board with the students. She asked them to talk her through the properties they did know something about, and hands darted up. She started with her Hufflepuffs—it was the one day she gave them a little preferential treatment, as they were always picked on by Ravenclaw on Number Seven day—and worked around the room from there. Some students had clearly done the reading, namely Alicia and Cedric. When she dismissed them for their next period, Lydia reminded them to have ten inches on the practical uses of the properties for other courses, ready for her by the next class period. Lydia was about to erase the board when she heard a light chuckle in the back of the room. "I do appreciate Number Seven day," Albus said when Lydia turned. "The Hufflepuffs always look so cheerful leaving your classroom." "What can I do for you, Albus?" Lydia asked, a bit suspicious. "The logic puzzle is in place, is it not?" "Yes, quite," Albus said, bowing his head slightly. "I actually wanted to ask you to prepare yourself for a possible opportunity, in the next, oh, five or six years." "And this opportunity is—?" Albus sat on one of the desks and said, "I'm not certain how much unbiased information you'll have gotten on this year's first year students, but they are a formidable group, much like…the one you went through with. Except perhaps the students at the top are more rounded, and there are fewer of them." Lydia nodded him on. She didn't want to start comparing the years, not that she knew this new crop well enough to judge. She wasn't sure how Albus could judge them so soon, either, but he'd been doing this long enough, he probably knew what everyone would be in fifty years when he watched them walk up to the Sorting Hat. "I believe when they reach N.E.W.T. level, we will be able to offer Alchemy for the first time in nearly twenty years, and that means we will need an instructor." "Don't you usually instruct Alchemy?" she asked. Albus's face darkened in a way Lydia didn't think she'd ever seen, even during the war. He took a deep breath and looked over her shoulder, like he was looking through the wall at some distant, dark gathering cloud. "I believe there are many reasons I might not be able to teach Alchemy in six years' time," he said. "Age not least of all." "You've got at least another hundred years in you," she said, and he laughed. "Perhaps, Lydia, but you and I both know that there is more than old age and illness that can take a life." She shivered, thinking of Mary, of Artemis, of Lily and James and Peter. She understood what he meant. Some days, she felt that she, too, was living on borrowed time, with nearly everyone she cared about dead. "That said," he continued, "I believe things are…awakening. And perhaps you're right, perhaps I will be able to teach Alchemy when the time comes. But even if that is the case this time, there will be another group perhaps another twenty years down the line, and I am afraid your assessment of another one hundred years of life flatters me. Someday, sooner than later, someone will have to take the course who isn't me, and although you never took the course, I believe you are well-qualified to learn the discipline, and that you have the perfect temperament to teach it." Lydia chewed on the inside of her cheeks and considered the proposition. It was only a two-year commitment at a time, as they almost never had enough qualified students. And there was no denying that a study of Alchemy would make her own work easier, more fruitful, deeper. There was a certain allure to learning the one thing that was, in essence, unlocking the mysteries of the universe. But she harbored no illusions that it would take quite a bit of study over the next six years before she was ready to teach the subject, and that she didn't have unlimited time in her life to spare. "Think it over," Albus said. "I imagine you'll want to…discuss it with Severus. The sooner I have an answer, the sooner I can begin your lessons." Lydia promised she would consider it, and before Albus left the room, she said, "What exactly did happen to Quirrell in Albania?" Albus hesitated, and then he said, "He hasn't said, but I suspect he bit of more than he could chew in some encounter or other. The dangerous thing, Lydia, in increasing one's confidence is that the common mistake of confidence overshooting ability can be disastrous, or even deadly. Has he…confided in you?" "No," Lydia said. "No, he…has just been very different." She wondered whether she ought to mention the cold sinking feeling she sometimes had in his presence, but she thought Albus had enough to worry about without letting her imagination get ahead of her. Albus left her to her free period, and the rest of her classes melted together without event. She barely noticed her dinner, looking around the room, watching the first year students interact with each other and wondering which Albus thought would qualify. Hermione Granger, she supposed. Perhaps Draco, given Severus's almost begrudging assessment of him. Almost certainly a handful of Ravenclaws. Not Neville Longbottom, whom everyone agreed was a disappointing let-down from his parents' brilliance. Would Harry? Lydia watched him talking to the youngest Weasley brother, laughing about something, and it was so like watching James it almost made her shiver. James hadn't qualified for Alchemy—his Potions grade was too low. But if he took after Lily in Potions, perhaps he might make the cut. She must have been staring a bit too long, because Severus cleared his throat, and she quickly finished her food. Heat crept up her neck, and she made excuses to leave dinner early. She wasn't a bit surprised when Severus followed her to his quarters several minutes later, frowning. "You're acting oddly," he said. "Sorry," she said. "Sorry, I just had an…unexpected conversation with Albus today, and I suppose it has me pensive." Severus put the kettle on and rolled his eyes. "What did he say this time?" Lydia carefully explained Albus's suggestion of the talent of the first year students, which Severus sniffed at but did not refute. Then she explained his belief that they would need an Alchemy teacher, and that Albus felt it important that someone else be prepared to teach it. "And he suggested you, naturally," Severus said. "Yes, but…I don't see why me." "Well, one reason is that I haven't the room in my schedule," Severus teased. She smacked his shoulder when he handed her a peppermint tisane. "You are the only logical option, Lydia. Yes, I suppose Minerva or I could teach it in a pinch, but you forget I never took Arithmancy, and although Minerva has the capability in Potions, I don't believe she's kept up in the subject the way you have." "So you think I should do it." "I didn't say that." "So you think I shouldn't?" Severus moved close to her and wrapped an arm around her waist. Lydia relaxed, resting her head on his shoulder. He smelled a little of something pickled, but it wasn't unpleasant. "I think," he whispered, "that you should do whatever you wish to do." "That isn't helpful." He hummed, but he didn't elaborate. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. She thought of what Albus said about Quirrell, about confidence outstripping ability. Lydia didn't think she would ever be in danger of that, not being a confident person by nature. She did believe all things were possible, just not necessarily possible for her. But Severus wouldn't give her an answer, and she supposed that was as much of an approval as she would get out of him. They finished their tea and went to bed, and Lydia reluctantly took her potion, sinking into a dreamless sleep in Severus's arms. When she woke the next morning, she pulled out of his grip, ignoring his groaning, and decided she'd better not waste time. Sometimes she thought her whole life had been a saga of wasting time, and she ought not keep up the streak. She showered, dressed, and went up to Albus's office first thing, not at all surprised to find him at his desk, considering some complicated instrument she didn't know the name or function of. "Good morning, Lydia," he said, not looking up. "I suppose you've discussed with Severus." "What would training entail?" she asked. Albus smiled, still not looking up. She couldn't imagine that he was thrilled with her pushing him, but perhaps he'd won some internal bet with himself on what she would say first. "Supplemental reading at first. Muggle and magical texts." "Muggle?" "You know as well as I the importance of understanding Muggle fields like chemistry, physics, biology, calculus, philosophy. I trust you are up to scratch in calculus and philosophy, but just to be sure." "And then?" "Then we move on to practical work. One evening every two weeks should be enough, but if you prefer to work more often, we could try to arrange that. I trust you with brewing on your own time, but some of the more complicated Transfiguration I would prefer to be under my tutelage, just in case we have some…sticky situations to undo." She said, "Did you have Minerva learn her Animagus form under your watchful eye?" "As a matter of fact, I did, although she requested as much. It is dangerous to learn such things without an experienced onlooker to help in an emergency." Lydia paused, wondering if he'd guessed what the boys had done in school. She supposed he did, as he knew everything. She recalled, with almost fondness, the sensation of Sirius's fur in her fingers, the wagging of his tail. She thought of James's antlers. She couldn't recall what Peter was, but she knew it was small. A hamster, perhaps. "I wouldn't worry, though. One can be an accomplished Alchemist without learning to be an Animagus. I never took the time to become an Animagus, myself. There were always…" "Bigger challenges?" Lydia said. He smiled. "More important things?" "Something like that, yes," he said. "That is…if you should choose to take on the challenge. I do think you've decided to do it?" Lydia sat in on of the chairs by his desk and rubbed her thumb into her temple. She knew, however minimal he tried to make it seem, that this would be a large and time-consuming commitment. She knew that it would take more than an evening a week of her time. Her publishing might suffer. Her time with Severus would certainly shrink. And that was nothing compared to time she could give to students, and marking, and time on her own in the village or simply sitting in her office for some peace. But Albus had probably millions of other things to spend his time on, and she knew he wouldn't suggest allotting her so much regular time were it not something he thought important. "Alright," she said. "Alright. What do I start reading first?" He opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out three textbooks, one on philosophy, one on Herbology, and one on biology. Lydia raised an eyebrow at him, but he didn't address the readiness of the books. "I will have more ready when you finish them," he said. "I expect they'll take you very little time. You were always a voracious reader." She read plenty, but Lily had been the voracious one. But Lydia just nodded, scooped the books in her arms, and said she would let him know when she was nearly finished. She didn't bother with pleasantries, sweeping out of the room again and hurrying to take the books back to Severus's quarters before breakfast began and students would see her. Severus sat on the sofa when she entered, sipping a cup of tea. He was not surprised to see her laden with books, which she dumped into her bookbag. He didn't ask about the meeting, or about her plans, and Lydia offered nothing up. Instead, she sat beside him, took his tea out of his hand, and took a long gulp of the just-too-warm tea. She handed him the cup again, and he rested an arm around her waist. A/N: So, now we're back rolling. I won't give a schedule, because idk how often I'll be able to upload, but I do hope to upload frequently. I'm still drafting Harry's Year One, but we're getting closer and closer to exam season and thus to the showdown. Excited! Review Prompt: What did you miss most about this story while I was away? Q&A: Life is crazy, so I'm suspending Q&A for now. That doesn't mean don't ask me things, but I probably won't answer in an author's note, but more likely in the responses I send to you individually. That means guest reviewers won't be likely to get questions answered for a while. I hope to have life together soon so I can restart this segment, but for now, apologies, and bear with my as I try to get some stability again. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to reader AlecLightwoodMagnusBane, who favorited after the last chapter. I sincerely hope you continue to enjoy the story! Here's Halloween, y'all! -C The night of Halloween was always difficult for Lydia. She took a calming draught at Severus's suggestion, and she couldn't fully argue. Dinner with Harry there was already difficult, but the night his parents died with him sitting right there? Of course, Harry didn't know Lydia's whole world had turned upside down that night, and there was no need to upset him further. The Great Hall was bedecked beautifully, with live bats fluttering and swooping through the hall in droves. The feast began as usual, although Severus was tense, and there was an empty chair at the staff table. "Where's Miss Granger?" Minerva asked the staff before Lydia could ask where Quirrell had got to. Lydia scanned the Gryffindor table, but there was no sign of the bushy-haired first year girl. Of course, there were dozens of reasons for a student to run late for a feast, but there was running late and there was running very late. Miss Granger didn't seem the type to skip the feast altogether unless she were ill, but Poppy was at her end of the table, which meant there was no one in the infirmary. Lydia wasn't worried, though. She struggled to feel worry with the calming draught, although she did have a low level of anxiety tickling at the back of her head. She helped herself to a bit of steak and potato and was just cutting into the steak when Quirrell burst into the hall with surprising vigor. His turban was off-kilter, and he sprinted up the aisle toward the staff table. Students stopped eating as he approached, but Lydia kept cutting her steak. She was chewing her first bite when he leaned against the table in front of Albus's seat. The hall was quiet enough that everyone could hear him say, "Troll—in the dungeons—thought you ought to know." He fainted, collapsing onto the floor, and the hall was in an uproar. Lydia took another bite of her steak as students squealed, screamed, and scrambled. Albus put a few shots of purple sparks into the air, and after about three or four, the students were quiet and alert again. Lydia took another bite of her steak and chewed. Severus squeezed her knee under the table. "Prefects," Albus said, "lead your houses back to the dormitories immediately!" Prefects began to organize the students, and everyone was eager to file out behind them. Lydia swallowed her steak and said, "What about the Slytherins?" "I trust my prefects to use Shield Charms as necessary," Severus said. Albus turned to the group, not sparing a glance for the still-unconscious Quirrell. "If you would follow me to the dungeons. Lydia, if you could make sure there are no stragglers remaining in the entrance hall. Once it's clear of students, please come back and see if you can revive Quirinus." "Of course," Lydia said. She set down her silverware, and Minerva raised an eyebrow. "Are you quite alright, my dear?" "I'll tell you later," Severus muttered to Minerva. "Right now, there's a troll." "Right," Minerva said. On the way out of the Great Hall, Severus muttered something in Albus's ear, and Albus nodded to him. Lydia watched Severus sweep off out of sight, and then she wiped at her lips. Quirinus was still motionless on the floor, so she stood and went to the entrance hall. A few of the older Ravenclaws were still trailing up the stairs, but when they saw her watching them, they picked up the pace. Lydia waited, silent, until she could hear no footsteps on the stair, and then she turned on her heel and walked back to the Great Hall. Lydia paused when she found the hall totally empty. Something wasn't right. It was not the fact that the hall was empty, as she had seen that many times now that she was a teacher. It wasn't even the full feast without anyone around to eat it, although that was a strange and unfamiliar sight. She stared at the staff table, where Quirinus had been passed out in front of the center. Lydia stood still for a moment, staring at the spot, trying to figure out what might have happened. She decided that since there was no blood or viscera on the floor of the Great Hall, it was unlikely to be anything sinister. Perhaps he revived while she was watching the staircase and went to help with the troll. She was about to go toward the dungeons herself when she recalled what Minerva had asked just before Quirinus had stormed into the Hall. Where was Miss Granger? It was possible that Miss Granger had gone to bed early, although Lydia still didn't think that was likely. But if the girl had gone to the toilet and had missed the announcement, the chaos…. It seemed unlikely that anyone would have thought to grab her on the way up to their dormitories. Lydia supposed she wouldn't be very helpful against a troll right at the moment, anyway, so she might as well check the toilets and the corridors for lingering students. She climbed the marble stair, paced the corridor, and was immediately aware of a horrible smell, like rotted eggs and a Quidditch locker room at the end of the season. Lydia hesitated. Wasn't the troll supposed to be in the dungeons? Why would she smell it up here? She pulled out her wand and crept toward the smell, fearing the worst when she realized it was leading her to the girls' toilet. But she was utterly unprepared for the scene she found when she slowly opened the creaking door. On the floor, facedown, was a mountain troll of at least twelve feet. Harry Potter stood by the far wall, trembling so hard he might collapse. The youngest Weasley brother had his wand out, his face red, panting. Lydia looked at the two boys, who looked at her with astonishment, and then she saw Miss Granger crouching in a corner, under a sink. The toilet looked like a war zone, which wasn't strictly surprising. "Professor," Harry began, but he didn't seem to know what to say next. "Is anyone injured?" Lydia said, also unsure quite what she was supposed to say. She'd never seen James next to an unconscious mountain troll that she could recall, but somehow this seemed quite appropriate. Before any of the children could answer, a loud slam and a pounding of footsteps startled them all. Lydia supposed there had probably been quite a ruckus caused when the troll went down, and she wondered why she hadn't heard it. Perhaps it was the part of the castle she had been in, or perhaps it was her dulled senses from the potion. Regardless, Minerva burst into the room, with Severus and a revived Quirinus following quickly after. Quirinus whimpered at the sight of the troll and sank onto a nearby toilet. Severus bent over the troll once he determined Lydia was alright. Minerva was furious, more furious than Lydia could recall since the time Sirius almost killed Severus when they were in school. "What happened here?" she asked Lydia. "I've only just arrived," Lydia said. "This is how I found them." Satisfied, Minerva turned on the boys. "What on earth were you thinking of?" she demanded. Harry and the Weasley boy exchanged a look too nervous to have been like James and Sirius. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?" Severus looked at Harry, who looked so nervous he might be sick, and Harry quickly looked at his own shoes, sopping from the flooding on the floor. Lydia thought perhaps she ought to take some blame, as she didn't go to the first floor. If she had, she might have been present when the troll arrived, and then the boys wouldn't have had to tackle the mess alone. At least, she thought that seemed reasonable. She wasn't sure what she would have done against a mountain troll by herself, but if a pair of eleven-year-old boys could do it, she probably could have come up with something. The small, nervous voice of Miss Granger said, "Please, Professor McGonagall—they were looking for me." "Miss Granger?" Hermione Granger pulled herself onto unsteady feet and braced herself on the wall. "I went looking for the troll because I—I thought I could deal with it on my own—you know, because I've read all about them." The Weasley boy dropped his wand. Minerva looked a little skeptical, and Lydia could spot a lie from miles away, especially after years and years of watching the same song-and-dance from the Marauders. This was Remus's role, and although Miss Granger appeared new to it, she had it down well. Lydia couldn't guess why the girl had been in the toilet to begin with, nor why the boys would think to go after her, but she strongly suspected that this was a case of letting the lie go. Again, she'd had a lot of practice in the area. Miss Granger continued, "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived." The boys tried quickly to look like they'd known this all along, with shoulders rolling back, heads held a little higher, looking at the teachers instead of at each other. Minerva still looked unsure, and Lydia thought perhaps she ought to lend a hand. "I think that was a very foolish, rash thing to do, Miss Granger," she said, and the girl hung her head. "Five points from Gryffindor, I think, for the misjudgment, Professor McGonagall?" Severus narrowed his eyes at Lydia, but Minerva agreed. "Yes, that's…. Yes, Professor Rowe is quite right. I'm very disappointed in you, Miss Granger. If you're unhurt, you should get off to Gryffindor Tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses." The girl left, sparing only a small glance at Lydia on her way by, perhaps of confusion, perhaps of gratitude. Severus was standing straighter, and Lydia knew she had to step in before he decided to argue for expelling Harry. "I think," Lydia said, "that you have been extremely lucky. I know I wouldn't feel fully confident taking on a full-grown mountain troll, and it's not…not precisely in the first year curriculum." Quirinus made a small sound of nervous astonishment. "Shall we say…five points each to Gryffindor?" Severus was about to argue the point, but Minerva said, "Yes, for luck. I will be informing Professor Dumbledore of this. Now go to Gryffindor Tower." The boys left quickly and silently, leaving the professors staring at the troll. "You shouldn't have done that, Lydia," Severus said softly. "Done what?" she said, attempting innocence. "Protecting the Potter boy—" "For what it's worth, Severus," Minerva said, "I do believe the boys went looking for Miss Granger. That portion of her story, at least, was not a lie. I do not believe that she would have gone looking for the troll, whatever she says, but I do appreciate the desire to protect her protectors." "Lucky thing Filius taught levitation today," Lydia whispered. No one could argue with that, and the four adults stared at the troll in silence. "I think Severus and Quirinus should keep an eye on the troll," Minerva said. "I need to inform Albus of this…event. Lydia, I think you must be quite…tired, yes?" So someone had told her about the Calming Draught. Lydia didn't disagree; she was tired. She told them all goodnight, allowed Severus to brush her hand as she passed him, and she went straight for his quarters, confident that there was no longer a troll in the dungeon. When she arrived, however, the potion was beginning to wear off. They'd timed it so she could take her sleeping potion without interaction that night, but with all the excitement, she must have metabolized the draught too quickly. With the new clarity and the adrenaline rush, Lydia found she couldn't sleep, so she decided to do something useful: she pulled out parchment and quill, and she drafted a letter to Narcissa. Narcissa, I hope you are well, and that you had a pleasant Halloween. I am sure, between Lucius's position as governor and Draco's writing home, that you will soon hear of our strange event this evening. We had a mountain troll in the dungeons tonight, although I haven't a clue yet how. I suspect Severus and Albus will find out. There was a bit of a palaver when it was discovered, and the feast was evacuated. Nothing to worry about, though. The troll is subdued, and no one was hurt, and Albus will take care of its removal. I just wanted you to know, nothing too terrible happened except some minor property damage, just in case Lucius or Draco tries to embellish. As to our next tea, I'm not quite certain when I will be available next. I am taking on some extra responsibilities. I'll tell you about them in person. Let me see what I have immediately upcoming, and I will write again with a better idea of my schedule. -Lydia She had only just finished sealing the letter when Severus's door banged open and he swept into the room, fuming. "What is it?" Lydia asked, not looking up. "I'm still upset with you," he said, "but there are more pressing matters." Lydia paused and set down the letter, curious. If something was more important to Severus than her supposedly bailing out Harry, then whatever it was, it was a very serious matter. "Those things would be…?" Severus tried to wave off the statement, but she wouldn't let him leave it there. She asked again, and with some irritation, he gave her as much of an answer as she supposed she would get for the night. "The real question is less why Potter ended up in the vicinity of the troll and more how a troll got in to begin with." "I did wonder that," she whispered. "They aren't precisely sneaky." "Or intelligent." "Or intelligent," she agreed. "On the grounds is one thing, unusual as that would be, but in the dungeons?" "It would have to have come in when we were already settled in the Great Hall," he said. He rubbed his temples. "I would have sensed it otherwise." "Smelled it, you mean." "That is a sense. And what was Quirinus doing in the dungeons?" "Looking for you, perhaps?" Severus snorted and said, "More likely looking for you." Lydia rolled her eyes. She didn't imagine Quirrell would go out of his way to talk to her, especially with how strange he'd been this year. It was more likely that he heard or smelled something on his way into the feast and went to investigate. "I told you to look to Quirrell after you saw off the students," he said finally. He pulled a vial out of a box, her sleeping potion. "Why were you in the toilets? Did you hear something?" "No," Lydia said. She frowned and tried to recall the order of events. "No, when I saw off the students, I did go back, but the Great Hall was empty." "Empty?" "Yes. I suppose he had revived and went to help." Severus hummed, frowning. "I recalled, then, what Minerva said about Miss Granger not being at her table, and—" She froze, and Severus's eyes widened. "So she couldn't have gone looking for the troll," he said softly. "No," Lydia said, smiling weakly. "No, I expect she'd stopped off at the toilet, or was running late and encountered it on her way down. I do believe the boys went looking for her—" "Ridiculous." "Why?" Severus tried to brush it off as the Weasley boy clearly not liking Miss Granger, which Lydia didn't think counted at all. The Granger girl was clearly very bright, and she remembered how Sirius didn't especially like Lily at first. That didn't mean he would have let a mountain troll get her. Or perhaps…. She shivered, not wanting to guess what he might have done, given the circumstances. But Harry, Harry would never. "Whatever you want to say about James," she said, and Severus flinched, "don't forget that he saved even your life." "How could I?" Snape spat. "And Lily certainly would let someone else get hurt if there were anything she could do." "Lily would never have gone running in after a mountain troll." "Of course she would have!" Lydia let out a hollow laugh. "If it were me trapped in there, or Mary, or Peter—" Severus flinched. "Oh, for pity's sake, Sev, let it go! The boys were children!" Severus said nothing, but the corners of his jaw twitched. What Lydia didn't have a chance to say, and didn't have the heart to press home, was that Lily was willing to throw herself into a war, into the fray, into battle against the Dark Lord himself, just to protect others. Lydia was suddenly exhausted. Severus held out her potion, and she took the vial with hesitation. They still hadn't made any ground on how the troll got in. She knew it wasn't really her job to sort that out, but her curiosity was burning. "Go to bed, Lydia," he said, weary. "This letter—" "Can be posted in the morning. Go on. Especially considering…. We don't need any nightmares tonight, do we?" Lydia couldn't argue. She took the potion and let Severus press a kiss to her cheek before she staggered into the bedroom and dressed for bed. Severus didn't come in right away. She tried to keep her eyes open long enough to tell him goodnight, but he didn't come, and he didn't come, and he didn't come, and she could no longer keep her eyes open. She let them blink, and blink, and blink, and then she could not open them anymore. A/N: So, the troll is defeated, Lydia covers for Harry and Ron and Hermione as best she can, and Severus is holding back something from Lydia. I had a BLAST writing this chapter. It's always nice to reimagine old favorite scenes, and thinking about how Lydia fits in without making any substantial changes is hard work! It's a lovely puzzle. Review Prompt: How do you think Albus feels that Lydia had this unexpected interaction with Harry? -C
A/N: Guys, guys, guys… IT'S HERE. Chapter 200. This is crazy. And what's crazier is we aren't even halfway done with the story. It's like we're barely beginning. This chapter is dedicated to new follower revelynn42! Enjoy! -C The day after Halloween, when Lydia was clearer of mind and had less to ponder, she noticed something Severus managed to hide the night before. "Why have you got a limp?" she said. "Nothing." Lydia wanted to insist, especially as whatever it was, likely, would have been a simple fix for Poppy, and he wouldn't need to limp. She didn't insist at first, though, deciding he probably did something like twist or jam something while walking, and he didn't want to talk about it. Most injuries that caused limps healed well enough on their own, given time, so she pretended she didn't notice. Again, Severus didn't come to bed right away, and Lydia waited up for him until she couldn't anymore. When she fell asleep, though, it was not darkness that waited for her. She was back in Sirius's London home, lying in their bed. His bed. Lydia tried to sit up and look around, but her chest seemed filled with lead bricks, and she couldn't lift herself. At first, the sensation was merely strange, curious, but after a few tries to sit up, the curiosity melted into irritation. The bedroom door swung open, and there was Sirius, smirking at her. Even in the nightmare, he was as beautiful as she remembered. Lydia swallowed, waiting for him to approach, wondering what horrible thing he would do this time. "Hello, lovely," he whispered. She tried again to sit up, but Sirius just laughed at her. That bark of a laugh was still a bit startling, but something about hearing it was a comfort, even if she knew it was at her expense. Something familiar. Something that was once a good sign. What it meant here, now, she didn't know. He walked toward her. His steps were slow, measured, and took too long in the approach, like the floor stretched with each step, but the walls never got further away. The anticipation was all the worse. He touched her face, but his hand felt wrong. Sirius's hands were always warm, slightly calloused, with long and thin fingers that would flutter across her skin. This Sirius, his hands were thicker, smaller, even though they looked the same. They felt terribly wrong. Callused, yes, but too callused, and with no warmth. Lydia could even feel the fingernails, too long and split in a few places. "It could have been so simple," he said. "What could have?" she asked, nervous. "Everything. You were supposed to believe me." His not-right hands trailed down her neck. "You were supposed to believe about Remus." Lydia shivered, thinking of when he tried to convince her Remus was the spy. Even with somewhat convincing arguments, he had to know she would never believe that. She supposed it was a ploy to isolate her, to make her worried about trusting anyone but him. "Everything would have been easy, then. I could have delivered you over, and if you caused trouble, I suppose I could have made it look like a…wolf attack." She was not surprised to feel him squeezing at her throat, and she started to fight, to thrash, but her chest was still too heavy, and his hand tightened. She coughed, choked, and tried to scream, but the more she struggled, the tighter he gripped. And then suddenly, the hand was gone, the pressure had stopped, and his face melted into blackness. Lydia woke with a gasp of breath and looked wildly around. She tried to sit up, but she became short of breath, and she saw Severus hurry across the room to her. "You forgot your potion again," he said. "I was bringing it in, but I heard you through the door, you were…. I don't know, choking, I suppose." Lydia's neck was sore, her chest hurt, and the room was spinning as she let him prop her up on the pillows. "I had another nightmare," she said. "What happened?" "Sirius was strangling me again," she said, and Severus frowned. He lit his wand and examined her neck. He gently touched a few spots, which were especially tender, and then he said, "It's not as bad as before, but there's definitely bruising. How is someone getting in and out so quickly without my seeing them?" Lydia shivered, and when she tried to speak, a splitting ache bloomed through her chest again. It must have shown on her face, because Severus asked what was wrong. She touched her chest, and he did a few quick diagnostic spells. "What in the name of Merlin…" he muttered. "It's a botched levitation spell, but it's like it was done that way…on purpose. Like they were trying to weigh you down. Just a bit more force, you'd have cracked a rib straight into your lungs." Lydia stayed still while he did a spell to heal some of the bruising and strain on her chest. She was comfortable enough to speak, but it still ached when she breathed deeply. "So someone's trying to kill me in my sleep," she said. "Either someone is trying and failing to kill you," Severus said, "or they are succeeding in torturing you. To what end, I don't know." He traced his fingers through her hair. "Lydia, I think it's time for you to take your potion." "If I must," she said. She took the potion, swallowing it quickly, trying to ignore the ache in her throat and chest with the effort. Severus continued to caress her face and hair, and Lydia found it comforting that his hands felt the way they were supposed to. He stayed beside her, watching her, until her eyelids grew heavy again, and she fell asleep. In the morning, Severus was already out of bed and dressed when she woke. He was fixated on the clasp of his robes, which seemed fine to Lydia, but for all his fussing one might think they were barely functioning. "You didn't want to stay in bed with me?" she asked, kissing his jaw. "I have brewing that has to be done this morning," he said, and it felt a bit like a lie. Again, she didn't press. But through the weekend, the pattern continued. Severus would give her the potion as soon as they got back after dinner. She would be asleep before Severus was even in the bedroom, and he would be halfway out the door when she woke in the morning. Come Monday, she was beginning to feel like perhaps she'd done something wrong and didn't know what it was. This wasn't about the troll incident, she was sure, but what else she could have done, she didn't know. Lydia tried not to take it personally. She tried to go through her normal day, her usual behaviors, and pretend nothing was wrong. The bruises were mostly healed, both on her chest and neck, but she was still wearing a scarf, even to class, just to be on the safe side. Albus said nothing about the choice, which suggested to Lydia that Severus told him of the most recent incident. Whenever someone else, like Minerva, commented on the scarf, Lydia suggested it was adjusting to the oncoming winter weather, which seemed to do the trick. Her student didn't seem to notice, although they were all still very caught up in the Halloween events. "I heard it was fifty feet," one of the Ravenclaw third years said. "With teeth the size of a person." "That would have been a giant, then," Cedric Diggory said calmly. "Mountain trolls don't get above about fifteen feet." "This one was only about twelve," Lydia said, clearing her throat. The class fell silent, staring at her, waiting for more information. She'd held off talking about it, knowing if she gave details, every student who knew her would come looking for more. But with all the misinformation…. "Twelve feet tall, and teeth significantly smaller than a person," she said. She smiled at the girl who had been gossiping. "Truly, there was minimal danger to students, once we knew it was there." "How did it get in, Professor?" Cedric asked. "Aren't trolls supposed to be…" "Stupid," one of his housemates said. Lydia laughed, and said, "Yes, I would say they're not the brightest of creatures. How did it get in? I quite honestly don't know. Not my area of expertise, is it? And if I knew all of Hogwarts's secrets, I certainly wouldn't share them with students." There was a ripple of chuckles through the students, and Cedric asked a question about the number twelve that got them back on track, but Lydia was thinking of the Marauders, of the stupid map they'd had in school, with all kinds of Hogwarts secrets on it. If she knew where it was, perhaps she could figure out how the troll had got in or could have Remus show her. Remus, there was a thought. He knew all kinds of ways to pull things off at the school. She'd have to talk to him about the troll eventually, although she didn't know when she'd have a moment to see him any time soon, and she didn't want to ask him such questions in writing. At the end of class, Cedric was lingering, and Lydia nodded that he could approach her desk while the others filed out. "Did you need something?" she asked. "I wondered what you might recommend for supplemental reading, professor," he said. "I'm particularly interested in the applications to spell creation, although I know I'm a ways off of it, and I want to solidify the basics now so I can build on them more efficiently later." "Of course," she said. She wrote out the titles of a few books he could check out of the library and handed him the list. He thanked her, and was about to leave for his next class, but he hesitated at the door. "Professor?" "Yes, Cedric?" "What are your thoughts on Professor Quirrell?" Lydia hesitated. Cedric would have had him before the sabbatical, so he was referring to the difference, not her general thoughts on Quirrell. It only solidified her concerns, that Cedric was voicing them. From what she'd seen, he was a very thoughtful, perceptive, and clever boy. "I think he must have had a very eventful time in Albania," she said, but Cedric didn't look convinced. "For what it's worth, I think we've probably had worse teachers just in the time I've been here. He hasn't tried to kill anyone." Cedric looked alarmed, then said, "I thought that was all rumors." "Probably a lot of it is, but you know how rumors are. Sooner or later, some of them end up close to the truth. You'll be late if you don't leave soon, Cedric." He thanked her, checked his watch, and hurried out of the classroom with a little wave. Lydia went to her office to get started on some marking, but she struggled to pay attention to it. The questions of the students, and Cedric's question, and her nightmare all felt like they were so important, right on the tip of her tongue, and that they needed to have attention on them. Her mind kept flitting from place to place, thought to thought, and even when she set aside the marking and turned to the chemistry book Albus had loaned her, she couldn't do more than reread the same paragraph over and over and over. With frustration, Lydia left her office and went to the staff lounge for some tea and, hopefully, distractions. Lydia was alone for a while, brewing her tea and scanning the various academic magazines people had left about the room. None of them were especially interesting, and she and Severus kept theirs in his quarters, away from potentially sticky fingers of other professors. She was thumbing through an issue of Creature Monthly when the door slammed open and she stared. Severus blinked at her and apologized for startling her, and he limped into the room, setting a book on the table and pouring himself some tea. "Reading up on Quidditch?" she asked, bemused. "No." Lydia raised an eyebrow and was reaching for the book when he snapped it out of her reach. He began drinking his tea in surprisingly large gulps. "Granger is now friendly with Potter and Weasley." "Well, surviving a mountain troll seems as good a bonding experience as any." "More fool her," he said. He set his cup down, half gone already, and frowned at the book. "They looked suspicious." "Doing what?" "Lingering in the courtyard." Lydia looked at the book, then at Severus, then back at the book. She still didn't understand what had happened, or why he looked so sour. "They looked suspicious," she repeated, "lingering in the courtyard. So you…" "Confiscated the book." "It's just Quidditch Through the Ages." She paused. "At least, I assume it's not disguised. I understand that Miss Granger is intelligent, but I can't imagine—" "It's a library book, and they had it outside." "And?" Severus said nothing. He took a few more gulps of his tea. Lydia clicked her tongue as she realized what he'd done. "You just made up a rule so you could confiscate a book from Harry, didn't you?" His silence was his guilt, and Lydia tried to grab the book again, but Severus's reflexes were too good for her. "You should really give it back," she said. "Absurd." "Sev, it's not about your pride. You can't just make up rules willy-nilly!" "Be lucky I didn't take away the precious points you gave him for breaking the rules," he said. "I have class in fifteen minutes. Is there anything you need?" "Give me the book," she said. "Lydia—" "I'll give it back to him, and you can—" "Absolutely not!" She was frustrated, but she did admit, silently, that it would be difficult to explain to Harry why she suddenly had the book Severus had confiscated. He kissed her head before he left the lounge, but Lydia still felt frustrated with him. She had half a mind to mention it to Albus, but she had a feeling he would just shrug it off as incidental, and perhaps tell her to be pleased Severus hadn't done much worse. Lydia was about to leave the lounge when the door opened, and Minerva came in. "Oh, Lydia! You're hardly ever in here these days. So busy." That wasn't wrong. The two women largely saw each other at meals and staff meetings, and with Lydia's new reading responsibilities, Lydia suspected that wasn't likely to change soon. "Couldn't focus on work," she said. "The students are still fixated on that stupid troll." "Understandable," Minerva said with a sigh. "I think I've seen everything at this school, and then something like that happens." "We've had worse than a troll in the school." "I meant a pair of eleven-year-old students knocking one out," Minerva said with a smirk. "While Harry Potter doesn't have his parents' brilliance, or doesn't display it in class, perhaps he has some skills after all." "From Miss Granger's description, I think it was Ron Weasley that did the final blow," Lydia said. "I don't suppose you sent a congratulatory letter home. I imagine his parents would love to hear that their youngest son is a hero. Especially after those twins." "I rather think Molly Weasley would faint at the idea of her child running off to fight a mountain troll," Minerva said, boiling the kettle. "Or she would explode with fury." Lydia hummed and sipped her tea. She thought of Harry, covered in debris and wide-eyed in the girls' toilet, a fallen mountain troll at his feet. He really had reminded her of James. "Sometimes," Minerva said, "I think about the war, and I wonder how any of you survived. I wasn't at all pleased, Dumbledore recruiting students still practically children to go off to war, but there wasn't much of anyone else, was there?" Lydia said nothing. She thought of Sirius's eagerness to fight, of James bleeding on the sofa, of poor Peter and his finger sent to his mother, of all the funerals they went to, the people Severus killed. "Both sides recruited children," Lydia whispered. "If he hadn't recruited them, it's not like they'd have been free to live carefree lives." Minerva poured herself some tea, and Lydia tried not to think about how Artemis died, or how Sirius's first house was exploded (had he still been good then, or was it all for show?), and then Mary's corpse with the blood dripping off her toes… When Minerva sat across from Lydia, the two women stared at each other over their teacups. Lydia tried to think of anything but the gore, and she wondered what Minerva was thinking. "I can't imagine what kind of hell Halloween is for you," Minerva finally said. Lydia said nothing, just sipped her tea. When Minerva realized Lydia wouldn't speak, she said, "You haven't had much contact with their son yet, have you?" "No," Lydia finally said, feeling her stomach twist and squirm as she thought of Albus's warnings. "From what Severus says, I don't much expect to soon." "Oh, what does Severus know?" Minerva said, and Lydia laughed. "Albus and Severus walk around like they already know what will happen in fifty years, but I will tell you, Lydia, even Albus Dumbledore can be surprised. He doesn't know everything. Neither of them does." Lydia knew it was meant to be comforting, but she thought of Albus's apology that he hadn't seen that Sirius was the spy, when he told her he should have known. Lydia felt mildly nauseous, and she finished her tea too quickly. "I suppose you're right," she said to Minerva, who looked curious about Lydia's sudden change of posture. "I promised to have open hours in my office this afternoon," she lied. "I would hate to be down here if I have students waiting for me." "Yes, of course," Minerva said. "You're very dedicated, Lydia." Dedicated. It was a word that was probably also meant to be a compliment, but Lydia knew better. Dedicated meant she held on to things long after she was meant to let go. A/N: So, Severus is hiding his limp, the promised book confiscation occurred, and Lydia feels a little bit stuck. Also, I'm dying of laughter because of some guest reviews for MUCH earlier chapters. Lydia is supposed to frustrate you guys. She's not exactly good at dealing with life (although really, who is?). Review Prompt: Scale of one to raging, how mad is Lydia going to be when she sees why Severus is limping? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to Dearmylovegrace, whose just favorited this story. I hope you continue to enjoy the ride! -C Lydia woke up early on the morning before the Gryffindor-Slytherin Quidditch match, the first match of the year. She was too excited to sleep, knowing James's little boy was about to start his first Quidditch match. The bed was cold beside her, and she pulled on her dressing gown and stumbled into the front room, trying to find Severus. She gasped when she saw him, laying on the sofa and changing bandages on his leg, which was bloodied and mangled. Small wonder he hadn't come to bed while she was awake: he didn't want her to see the real reason for his limp. "Oh, Lydia," he sighed. "I didn't want…." "You'd better tell me everything," she said. She sat across from him and took the bandaging from his hands. "Everything?" "How you got this, why you felt the need to hide it. Everything." Severus rubbed the bridge of his nose as Lydia affixed the bandages. He began to explain that on Halloween, he felt that the troll was a distraction. "It couldn't have got in without help," he said, "and the timeframe was too narrow. We do have something in the castle worth distracting us from, and the troll was found as far as possible from the third floor corridor." "That makes sense," she conceded. "I wanted to head them off, lie in wait, and determine who was the culprit." "And somehow, in the process, you were mangled by the three-headed dog," Lydia said. He made a grumbling sound. "Did you at least see anyone?" "Quirinus came, but before I could talk to him about it, we heard the crashing of the troll hitting the floor." "He must have had the same thought you did," Lydia said, frowning. "At least it's still there. The Stone." Severus hummed, then said, not meeting her eye, "He might have had the same thought." Lydia paused, about to tie off the bandaging. "Might have?" Severus rolled his eyes and said, "Lydia, whatever Quirinus Quirrell was before he left for Albania, he was not a coward. I do not believe he stumbled across something in Albania so terrible that it caused a complete personality shift. Not unless it was the devil himself." "You believe in the devil?" Lydia asked, trying to laugh. "I believe in the Dark Lord," Severus said softly. The room seemed several degrees cooler. What Severus was talking about was impossible. Even if Albus was correct and the Dark Lord wasn't dead, the odds of Quirinus stumbling across whatever form was left while wandering the wilds of Albania was absurd. "Have you discussed this theory with Albus?" Lydia asked. "Not in detail." "Sev—" "Albus believes he is in Albania, Lydia. There were rumors…" Severus frowned. "I can concede that I might be incomplete in this assessment, but all I ask is that you be aware, and that you keep your wits about you." "I try to do that anyway, considering." "Lydia," he said firmly, "forgive me, but Delia is nothing compared to the Dark Lord." Lydia froze, wondering just how powerful the Dark Lord was. If Severus was right, if it was as bad as she could imagine, there was nothing she could do against him. And if that was the case, she could be as careful as humanly possible, and it wouldn't make a difference. Still, there was little she would connect between Quirinus Quirrell and the Dark Lord. "What exactly do you propose happened to him, then?" Lydia asked. "Even if he's alive, like Albus suggested, he doesn't have a body. What could he even do to Quirrell, or anyone else for that matter?" "I don't know what might have been done, but whatever it is, you could not imagine how powerful it might be. Please," he said, taking her hands. "Be careful." Lydia agreed to be careful, but she was curious and concerned at the request. There was so much she didn't understand, and the last time she'd felt so out of the loop, James and Lily and Peter died, and Sirius was taken to prison. "Let's see if we can't get you walking a little better," she said, testing the strength of the knot on his bandages. "Go ahead, get up and try it out." Severus moved gingerly at first, but Lydia did a few subtle charms to dull the receptors in his leg so he didn't notice the pain. He walked a bit stiffly, but the limp was much less pronounced. "I can understand why you didn't see Poppy," Lydia said, "though I don't approve. But who exactly did you have help you before I found out? Because I know you didn't start the bandaging yourself." "Argus, actually," he said. Lydia snorted. "He knows how to keep his mouth shut, unlike so many others—" "And he's ardently loyal to you, because you always assign the most horrible detentions," Lydia said. "You know, he detests me." "He doesn't detest you," Severus said, rolling his eyes. "He thinks you're soft. Which you are. And I'm not sure he's forgiven you for certain…associates you kept in school who made his life miserable, but he doesn't detest you." Lydia very much begged to differ, but she doubted it mattered so much. She hardly ever crossed paths with Argus, as she hardly ever took points much less assigned detentions, so they didn't have much use for each other. "Are you feeling up to going to the match?" Lydia asked. She half-hoped he would say no, that she could go and cheer Harry on and enjoy his first match in peace, but she wasn't at all surprised when he snorted and said he was certainly well enough to sit in a Quidditch stand and watch his team pummel hers. Lydia bundled up, helped Severus clean up the bandages, and walked with him, a little slower than normal to hide the stiffness in his leg. "Thank you," he said as they neared the entrance hall. "I probably should have told you sooner, but…" "You didn't want to worry me," she said, smiling. "It's alright. I understand." The stands were virtually filled at eleven, as usual. Lydia and Severus took their seats in the staff box, a few seats back from Lee Jordan and Minerva. Quirinus settled behind them, and when Severus stiffened, Lydia felt the little hairs on the back of her neck raise. She'd felt this sensation before, but she couldn't put her finger on when. It felt dangerous, like electricity in the air before a storm. In the Gryffindor cheering section, some of the first year students had unfurled a large sheet banner that read "Potter for President," and Severus snorted. "Defacing school sheets," he said. "Let them live a little," Lydia said, smiling at the beautiful painted lion, and the charm someone—likely Miss Granger—had done to make the color of the paint flash from scarlet to gold and then back again. Lydia sat forward as the teams came out of the changing rooms. She watched the line of scarlet robes and held her breath, counting each player. Wood walked forward proudly, with the trio of girls following close behind him, Angelina Johnson at the front of them. The twins followed the girls, and there, at the very back, shorter and slighter than the rest but with an unmistakable mess of hair, was Harry Potter. He was so like James, she thought, feeling her eyes sting. She felt she ought to be out there with them, and she wished she had a right to talk to him about this experience later. The two teams met at Madam Hooch in the center of the pitch, Wood and Flint facing each other and shaking hands. Lydia knew they'd been exhorted to play fairly and cleanly, which was especially important where the Slytherin captain was concerned. The crowd was roaring already, before the players were even in the air, and Lydia wished she'd brought binoculars. The players mounted their brooms, and when the whistle blew, Lydia watched Harry rise into the air, and she didn't bother glancing at any of the other players as the game began. Lee Jordan could tell her anything else she wanted to know. "And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor—what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too—" "JORDAN!" "Sorry, Professor!" Lydia grinned, watching Harry as he scanned for the Snitch. He moved well, but he wasn't wasting energy. "And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year's only reserve—back to Johnson and—no, Slytherin have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes—Flint flying like an eagle up there—he's going to sc—no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and Gryffindor take the Quaffle—that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and—OUCH—that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger—Quaffle taken by Slytherin—that's Adrian Pucey speeding off towards the goalposts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger—sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which—nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes—she's really flying—dodges a speeding Bludger—the goalposts are ahead—come on, now, Angelina—Keeper Bletchley dives—misses—GRYFFINDOR SCORE!" Lydia's voice joined the Gryffindor shrieks of joy, and she didn't care that Severus was rolling his eyes beside her. She didn't look away from Harry, who was still gliding around the game, with a couple of loop-the-loops at Angelina's score. It was a good strategy, keeping the Seeker out of trouble, one that James had used many a time. "Slytherin in possession. Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, Chaser Bell and speeds towards the—wait a moment—was that the Snitch?" Lydia had seen it too, and a murmur went through the crowd. Other action seemed to stop as the Snitch passed Adrian and rushed past. Harry dived toward the gold streak, but Higgs was also going for it. The two boys were going at top speed, neck-and-neck. The rest of the game seemed to have stopped. Harry's broom was better, and Harry was a faster flyer, and he was starting to get a tiny advantage. Lydia watched him lower his body for an extra spurt, and she screamed as he was hurtled into by Marcus Flint, which was a clear and dangerous foul. Severus had to yank Lydia back into her seat, she was so furious, and she wasn't the only one. The screams of anger rippled not just through the Gryffindor section, but everywhere except the Slytherin quarter. As Harry's broom spun, he was clinging onto it, whirling dangerously. Lydia's heart was in her throat. "It's alright," Severus said into her ear. "He's alright. He's got a grip, see? He's steady again." "He could have died," Lydia whispered. "He didn't. He's fine. Breathe." She tried to calm herself, but she realized Harry's disappointment was not that he'd been fouled, he was looking everywhere for the Snitch, which had disappeared in the distraction. "So," Lee Jordan continued, "after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating—" "Jordan!" "I mean, after that open and revolting foul—" "Jordan, I'm warning you—" "Alright, alright. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could have happened to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue to play, Gryffindor still in possession." Lydia was a mess after that. She didn't take her eyes from Harry, barely noticing anything in the game, and she was one of the first to see it when Harry dodged a dangerously close Bludger. Harry's broom gave a sudden jerk, which she thought was perhaps from the dodge at first. Harry gripped the broom uncertainly, and Lydia shivered. Then it jerked again, violently lurching, bucking like a wild horse. Harry appeared to be completely out of control, and Lydia couldn't breathe. She grabbed Severus's hand, but he had already seen. He was muttering, staring at Harry, and he looked concerned. Lydia realized then, someone was cursing Harry's broom, and from what she could hear of Severus's muttering, he was trying to do the counter-curse, but it was all ongoing. Someone was trying to kill Harry. Lee didn't seem to notice at first. He continued to comment on the game, but Lydia was staring at Harry and wishing she knew how to help Severus, but she'd never been good with curses. "Slytherin in possession—Flint with the Quaffle—passes Spinnet—passes Bell—hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose—only joking, Professor—Slytherin score—oh no…." As the play began again, people started noticing. Arms were raising, pointing at Harry, whose broom was rolling. He just held on for dear life, and when it gave a jerk, the crowd gasped. Lydia stood, breathless, because Harry was holding on to his broom with one hand, literally a hand from plummeting to his death. The Weasley twins flew near, first trying to rescue him, but if they got too close, the broom would jerk him higher into the air. Instead, they circled beneath him, hoping that if he fell, they might catch him. Lydia's eyes prickled with tears. She was jolted out of her panic when Quirinus stumbled forward and into her. When he braced himself on her shoulders, she whirled around. She stared at him, and he stared back, seeming to be equally startled. She thought of what Severus had said that morning and was relieved when he let go of her shoulders, but he was still staring. He mumbled an apology, and then, out of the corner of her eye, Lydia saw something almost as alarming as Harry's broom. "Severus!" she said, and he looked down at his partially numbed leg that she'd tried to heal. Somehow, it had broken out in blue flames. He yelped and stamped it out, and Lydia shivered. Whoever had been cursing Harry must have tried to stop Severus from doing the counter-curse, and if she hadn't been hit by Quirinus, he might not have noticed the flame until it had burned through his robes, thanks to her poor attempt at healing. She felt horrible guilty. "Lydia, look," Severus said, pointing up at Harry. He was righted again, able to pull himself back onto his broom. Lydia sighed and sat by Severus. She even allowed him to squeeze her hand and hold it, even surrounded by the other staff. It wasn't like anyone was looking at them, not with such a dramatic match. And it was about to get more dramatic. Harry, who had only just got back on his broom, had taken off toward the ground. He suddenly clapped his hand over his mouth like he was going to sick up, and when he landed on the ground on all fours he coughed up something gold into his hand. "What in the name of Merlin!" Lydia laughed. He waved it over his head, shouting, and Madam Hooch blew her whistle to call the game. Flint was screaming in protest; Lee Jordan was happily reporting that Gryffindor beat Slytherin one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Severus scowled, and he hurriedly led her back to their sofa as fast as his stiff leg could take them. Lydia got some potions and sat down to do a better job with his bandaging. This time, she used murtlap essence and some salves to reknit the skin instead of spells, and when Severus was satisfied, she began to rebandage it. "I'm sorry about the fire," she said. "Why, did you light it?" "Very funny. No, if you hadn't been numbed—" "It was fine, Lydia. You didn't happen to see who lit it?" "No," she said. "I presume it was whoever was cursing the broom, but—" "Lydia, use your brain," he said, rolling his eyes. "When did the curse lift?" She paused and tried to reorder the quick and chaotic events. "I suppose it was…around when I saw the flames? Or just after you'd put them out." "It was lifting just before you alerted me," he said. "Which means that whoever created it was disturbed immediately before. What happened immediately before? Who else was disturbed?" "Me, I suppose," she said with a nervous laugh. She obviously wasn't cursing Harry. "I was bumped into when Quirinus—" She froze. He raised an eyebrow. "Whoever lit my robes on fire," he said, "disturbed Quirinus in the process. Whatever their goal, the result was to disrupt his attention, sending him tumbling into you. That was when the spell lifted, Lydia." She tied off the bandage and tested it. He sat up and bent his leg carefully before pulling her closer. When Lydia rested her head on his shoulder, she said, "You're saying Quirinus Quirrell was trying to kill Harry." "I'm saying it's the best theory we have right now." "But why? Taking the Stone, that could be something anyone would want, but killing Harry Potter? I mean, who wants him dead?" "Apart from me?" he said. Lydia smacked his chest. "There are a great number of Death Eaters who would, but most of those are in Azkaban. The ones who stayed out would be more afraid of stirring things up than of letting it lie. No, Lydia. There is only one I know of who truly would want Potter dead. I think I need to have a word with Albus." "Sev—" "And you need to be vigilant, Lydia," he whispered. "Please." She closed her eyes, and she said she would, but she could still feel her heart racing. It hadn't slowed a jot from when Harry's broom first jerked in the air, and it didn't seem likely to slow soon. A/N: Guys, reading your reviews, all your kind words about how happy you are that this story is back… I'm thrilled that this story means as much to y'all as it does to me! I think about Lydia a lot, and I'm so excited to share with y'all where she's headed! Review Prompt: Apart from Sirius being back in the picture (because let's be real, we're all looking forward to that shitstorm), what are you most looking forward to from the books being shown here? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to guest reader Eriana, who went on a reviewing spree that made my night. I don't think you're here yet, but at the rate you're rolling, I doubt it will be too long! So glad you're enjoying it, and I'm really enjoying reading your predictions! -C Lydia shivered as she sat with Albus. It was her free period, just after breakfast, and she couldn't shake the implications of what Severus had postulated: perhaps Quirinus Quirrell was trying to kill Harry Potter. "How do you find the reading, Lydia?" She blinked, puzzled. It took her a moment to realize that he hadn't called her in to discuss Harry, but to discuss her Alchemy studies. "Fine," she said. "It's largely review. Sev and I studied much of this when we were young." "Review is important before building new skills, as I'm sure you're aware. Will you be ready for more books soon?" "I—perhaps, but Albus, Harry could have died." He looked at her over his half-moon glasses without speaking. Lydia almost felt she was back in school, and she glanced up at Phineas Nigellus Black almost out of habit. He was pretending to sleep, as he often did when she visited Albus's office. "He did not die, Lydia. He won the match." "Someone tried to kill him." Again, Albus was silent for a long stretch. He couldn't argue it, and it would be too crass to say it wasn't the first time. He was a child, and not the way her friends had been when they were recruited for war: Harry hadn't even gone through puberty yet. "Yes," he finally said. "Yes, someone tried to kill Harry Potter. I have no doubt that it won't be the last time. I've had a letter from Remus, who heard about it through conversation with friends who have children here. I was surprised you didn't write him about it." "I didn't know what to say." She couldn't tell him she wasn't looking for who had done it, but at the same time, she didn't dare share Severus's theory with him. She wasn't sure how Remus would react, but it would likely be counterproductive. In moments of anger or fear, he often reminded her of Sirius with his impulsivity. Albus always seemed to know when she was thinking of Sirius, and he looked at her with pity. "He really does look like James, doesn't he?" Albus said. "Even while flying, perhaps especially while flying. That must have made it especially hard to watch." "Yes, I suppose it was," Lydia whispered. "He has very good friends, Lydia. Miss Granger and Mr. Weasley are loyal, supportive, and have their own talents. Having a good selection of friends is crucial, wouldn't you say? I think in that way, he may take more after his mother than his father." "James had good taste in friends," Lydia said sharply. Albus was not surprised by the outburst, just smiled at her. She didn't apologize, but she stood and began to pace. "Albus, Sirius couldn't have been what he became at eleven, could he? Or he would never have been Sorted into Gryffindor." "There have been Dark wizards in Gryffindor, my dear. More than any house bar Slytherin. The only house devoid of that distinction is, I believe, Hufflepuff." "No, I mean given what his family is. Was." She exhaled with frustration and paused at the window. "He was good once." "Most villains are." "He loved me," she said. She closed her eyes and remembered a Hogwarts nightstand drawer full of half-started letters and photographs. That boy hadn't been Dark. He couldn't have been. But perhaps five years later, he was. "Yes, he did." Lydia didn't turn, but her shoulders did stiffen. "Don't expect me to deny it. It would have taken a blind man to believe otherwise. But, Lydia, I am afraid I must tell you something that has been a great disappointment to me, even after all these years." She did turn, puzzled and curious. He smiled at her, a weary smile with the weight of ages on it. "Love is a powerful force, but it can be corrupted like every other force." "Corrupted," she repeated softly. Albus inclined his head. He didn't speak, didn't clarify, and hear heart was pounding in the base of her throat. "You think he turned because of me." "I think it is a strong possibility." "Albus—" "Lord Voldemort wanted you desperately, Lydia," Albus said softly. "All our intelligence pointed to that. Severus confirms it. Dead if he needed to, but preferably alive. Imagine, now, if you were Sirius Black. Imagine knowing that the person you loved more than anyone in the world was under constant threat of death or kidnapping. Imagine that person was already only loosely in your grasp. If someone promised to help you hold them tighter, to guarantee that person's safety, to assure that with your help, both kidnapping and death could be averted, and that all other rivals—" "Albus, please," Lydia whispered, feeling sick. "If I could believe that Sirius would do such a thing… That's not love. That's…that's…. Disgusting." "It is a love that has been corrupted, twisted. I do believe that neither you nor I can imagine that Sirius Black would have gone over for power, money, ideals, or his own safety. He would only turn to protect someone, Lydia, and I can't imagine he would have given up the Potters for anything less than the person he valued above his own life." "So you're saying it's my fault they're dead," Lydia whispered. She closed her eyes tightly, feeling the weight of her choices, feeling horrible that she'd allowed Lily to talk her into staying with him just a bit longer, into trying just a little harder to love him. If she'd left a month sooner, if she'd just told him that she didn't love him, if she'd never agreed to move in with him in the first place…. "That is not what I am saying," Albus said firmly. "The only person at fault is the man who held the wand and said the spell. That does not, however, mean that it is simple, or that it will ever stop hurting. Time does not heal, Lydia. It merely lessens the regularity of the ache." "Or sometimes makes it worse," she said. "I've got classes." He wished her a good day, and Lydia left without glancing up at the faux-sleeping Phineas Nigellus. She wondered what he made of that conversation, about how he might be nagging Dumbledore the moment she was gone. She walked toward her classroom in a daze, and she nearly walked right into a student without noticing. She apologized, and when she looked down, she was startled and nervous to see Harry staring up at her. "Sorry, Professor," he said. "No, it's alright," she said quickly. His eyes were so like Lily's from this close. "I should have been looking where I was going. Are you…? I mean, congratulations for your win." "Thank you, Professor," he said, smiling a little. "Is it always that crazy?" "Not always," she said, smiling, recalling some of her favorite matches from school. "But sometimes. You didn't have any injuries from the…events?" "No, nothing bad," he said. "Just a bit of light bruising from the impact with Flint. I…I need to get to my next class, Professor." "Right of course," she said, a little too quickly. "I look forward to seeing you play again, H—Mr. Potter." She watched him go, and she almost forgot that she, too, had somewhere to be. He walked like Lily. There was so much Lydia wanted to say to him, starting with an apology for all the years she missed, but she couldn't tell him any of it. Regretfully, she went to her own classroom and started writing the warm-up exercise on the board. She had to stop partway through the equation, because her hand was shaking. She sat on her desk and stared at the crooked numerals, and she thought about the first time she saw Harry, thought of watching Sirius hold Harry. No, she thought. Even if he loved her, even if he wanted to protect her, there was nothing in the world that would have made him give over Harry, not even her. She was sure of that. Perhaps he thought he would be able to raise Harry with her. Something mad like that. Perhaps he was mad, although she didn't think so. "Professor?" She started, and turned to see Angelina watching her, confused. "Yes, sorry, just lost in thought," Lydia said with a smile. "Come in, come in. I'll have the equation up in a moment." She quickly fixed what she'd already written, then finished it off. A few students cycled in, and Lydia settled in front of them, watching them begin the equation as soon as they entered. It was simple, something even younger students could manage, but Lydia barely saw the students as they worked. She was trying to find something that made sense in that horrible night, trying to understand, definitively, what could have happened. The students were aware that something was on her mind. She had to restart her train of thought several times, once she called Alicia Spinnet by the wrong name, and when she dismissed them with reading, she first gave them the reading they'd already done, before Cedric Diggory pointed out, delicately, that this was what they'd just done. When they left, Lydia settled into her chair and stared at the ceiling. It just didn't make sense. Sirius Black loved that little boy. She knew it as much as she knew anything in her life. Lydia didn't know much about the Order or the war, nothing that seemed to have mattered, but she did know that there was a spy, and she did know that the Dark Lord was after the baby. That part wasn't in history books, but she knew it was the child that put them in danger. So if the Dark Lord wanted the child alive, or if Sirius thought he did, Albus's theory might make sense. Lily and James would be gone, but Sirius might convince himself that he and Lydia would bond over raising Harry, that she would have felt obligated to stay, and that he would never lose her to Remus. But the Dark Lord didn't want Harry alive, did he? Because it was trying to kill Harry that caused all the strangeness that led to Harry's fame, that ended the Dark Lord. If Sirius had known that…. Then Lydia couldn't imagine Sirius handing them over for anything, not for her, not for his own safety, not for the world. But he did. Either he didn't know what the Dark Lord wanted—which didn't seem unreasonable—or absolutely none of the facts Lydia knew fit. She sat in silence, turning it over, trying to find some other thing she might have missed, until there was a quiet knock at her door. Lydia startled, and she relaxed to see Severus standing in her doorway, frowning. "You missed lunch," he said. "Did I?" she asked, checking her watch. She'd been pondering for over an hour. "My free period is half gone, but I couldn't find you. Is everything alright?" He was concerned, she realized. She nodded, raising a hand to him. He came and sat on the corner of her desk, holding her hand. "Something's just been on my mind is all," she said. "What kind of something?" Lydia wasn't sure she should say anything. It wasn't so much about not worrying him as it was about keeping him from getting tense about Sirius. "I know there's a lot you can't or won't say," she said softly. "That's fine. I just…. Albus said something about Sirius, and I was thinking about it, and I don't understand." "What?" Severus said. He was trying to be gentle, but his voice was tight. She wasn't sure if he was angry at Albus, or at her, or that Sirius Black was mentioned. Any of the above were possible. "He said that Sirius loved me, and that love got twisted along the way, and that's his theory for what happened," Lydia said. "But Sirius adored Harry." "Did he," Severus said dully. "I just don't understand how he would have done anything against Harry, even for my sake," Lydia said. "I mean, I can't wrap my head around anything he could have been promised that would have brought him to give Harry up. It's hard enough to fathom him betraying Lily and James, but you didn't see how he looked at that little boy, Sev—" He touched her chin, and she looked up at him. Severus was concerned, almost nervous, and Lydia wasn't sure what exactly was making him nervous. "Lydia," he whispered, "I could sit here and try to convince you that Sirius Black was mad and bloodthirsty, that he would have traded his own soul for something he wanted badly enough. I might even convince you. Would that make you happy?" "No, I suppose it wouldn't." "Good," he said. "I don't want to have that conversation with you. He's already haunting your nightmares. Don't let him ruin your daytime hours." She closed her eyes. She knew he was right, but it was easier said than done to slow down the momentum of her thoughts. "He used to draw me," she said, leaning back in her chair. Severus's hand twitched in hers. "He was a very good artist, very careful, very good at showing emotion. I can barely draw a human that looks like it's not made of gingerbread. But he would do those drawings in class, or in the library, or in the common room. Later, he sometimes watched me work, and he draw me between his meetings and missions." "Lydia." "Even if I have all the reasons in the world, Severus, it just doesn't make sense to me. I don't think it ever will." For a long time, Severus said nothing. Then he whispered, "Sometimes thing's don't make sense. Sometimes that's just how life is." She didn't want to believe that, but she supposed he was right. When she opened her eyes, Severus was still watching her with concern, like at any moment she would start saying something mad, or like she would break into little pieces in front of him. "It's strange," she said, "how those potions allow me to get so much sleep, and yet I come away so, so tired." "A little strange, yes," he said. "I'll see if there are adjustments I can make to it. There's probably sleep cycle disruptions occurring." Lydia hummed, wishing she could just make sense of these things so she could stop thinking about them. She thought of all the years at school together, all the times they'd done things together, the Gryffindors in their year. She thought of the way Sirius and Artemis carefully planned every party together, the way James and Lily fought over every decision, the way Remus and Mary made sure everyone was sane at the beginning and end of everything, the way Peter or Organza were lucky to be invited, Peter because he was often forgotten and Organza because no one actually wanted her there. And then Lydia, who often felt she was around because she happened to be in their year, not because of her friends, or because she contributed something. She thought of Sirius and Artemis moving through any party, any size, and making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. How did someone who took so much joy from people enjoying themselves turn into whatever people thought Sirius was? How did he betray his closest friends, murder another friend, and destroy innocent people? "Lydia, you're in your own head again," Severus said, again, concerned. She apologized and rubbed her forehead. She wished she could talk this through with him, but she knew that even if he were willing to talk through her past, Sirius was perhaps the only subject more difficult for him than James Potter. She might be able to get him to talk about it, but it wouldn't be helpful, and she'd only succeed in torturing him. "Does it really do any good to keep raking up the past?" he finally said. "I doubt it," she said. "But neither of us manages to fully put the past away, do we? I get the sense… I get the sense that even Albus spends too much time considering the past. It's probably a human thing." Severus hummed, but he was still watching her like she was fragile, like at any moment she would collapse into shards of herself. "I just miss Lily," she finally admitted, the very first time she could remember saying it out loud. Severus squeezed her hand. "I could talk with her about anything, I mean, really anything. After school, when things were on the table, I couldn't necessarily go deep on everything, but we could at least talk around things. And I trusted her, and she loved me, and even when we didn't agree, those two things were what mattered, weren't they?" Severus squeezed her hand again. She closed her eyes, desperate not to cry. She knew she didn't have time before Severus left to come back down from tears, and she didn't want him to leave her, concerned. But she realized that her conversation with Harry, the one she'd just had in the corridor, had reminded her so much more of talking to Lily than talking to James. He was too humble to be his father, too polite. She had a sense that if she sat Harry down and told him about his parents, told him everything she knew about everyone they'd known, he would politely listen, with interest and passion, and he would accept anything she could give with grace, probably a wisdom beyond his years. And she so wanted to tell him everything she knew, not because she felt he needed to hear it, per se, but because she just wanted to have someone to tell again, someone she could really tell. Again, Severus squeezed her hand, and she forced a smile. "I promise to be at dinner," she whispered, opening her eyes. "I expect you need to go downstairs." "Are you feeling any better?" he asked. He was suspicious, but she couldn't afford to worry him too much. He had things to do. "Well enough, I think," she lied. "I've got plenty of books to read before I deal with my seventh year students." Severus reluctantly accepted this, kissed her gently, and swept back out of the room, leaving Lydia alone to muddle through her mess of thoughts once more. A/N: So, Albus gets Lydia's wheels turning on Sirius again, Lydia has a brief impromptu interaction with Harry, and Severus isn't saying everything (but seriously, when does he ever?). There's going to be a lot of musings over Sirius for a bit, off and on. Harry brings it on a bit, Albus brings it on a bit, and something's going to happen to Lydia that makes it even more necessary for them to consider Sirius. For those of you who are eager to see how shit shakes down when Lydia is reunited with Sirius, pay REALLY close attention whenever he comes up, and not so much to Lydia's inner musings (although the matter), but to how those around her act/speak/deflect. I'm so stoked about this. Review Prompt: Obviously we know Sirius didn't actually betray them, but if he HAD, like she thinks he did, what do you think his reasons would have been, and what would he be thinking now, sitting in Azkaban? -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to new follower, lulu5014! Thanks for the follow, and I hope you continue to enjoy the journey! -C As soon as December hit, students were largely useless. With holidays on the horizon, gossip outweighed studies for many students. Lydia could get some groups to focus with the threat of impending standardized exams, and she could get the rest to pretend to focus with the reminder that they would be held accountable for bouncing right back into their studies after the break, but even she was struggling to focus. Her third year students were remarkably focused, but she did have a remarkably good crop of students. Cedric Diggory was paying almost more attention than he usually did in class. In fact, when she let the students out to their next course, she asked Cedric to stay a moment. He paused and nodded, waving his friends on. Lydia waited for the door to close before she smiled at her nervous student. "I hope this isn't stepping on toes for any reason," she said, "but you know you can talk to me about anything in office hours, right? Not just Arithmancy." He looked startled, then nodded, slowly. "Usually," she said, "students get more serious about a subject if they are doing poorly, but you're not. Sometimes it's because exams are on the nearby horizon, but they aren't. So there must be another reason for the change in behavior." Cedric's cheeks flushed slightly, and then he said, "Anything? "Absolutely anything," Lydia promised. "I—I just broke up with my girlfriend," he said. Lydia almost laughed. It was such a Lily Evans thing to do, nursing a broken heart by more studying, but even more than that, he was still a child. "I see," Lydia said. She maintained a somber approach, even though she still very much wanted to laugh. "I wasn't aware you were dating someone." "Neither was I, at first," he admitted. "Let me guess," Lydia said, smiling, "she told you that you were her boyfriend, and that was the first you'd heard of it." Cedric admitted that it had gone something like that, and he was blushing even brighter. He told her that at first, he hadn't really known what to do, or why he was even doing any of it, but that by the time he was starting to enjoy dating, she'd decided it was over, and he didn't seem to have much say in the matter. "My first dating experience was a little like that," Lydia said with a bitter laugh. "Even when I decided I wasn't going to stay in the relationship, he managed to…end things first." A bit of a simple way of saying that her first boyfriend betrayed everyone they'd ever cared about and got himself chucked in Azkaban, but she was dealing with a student, not a therapist. "I guess it's one of those things that feels better with time, right?" Cedric said, smiling nervously. "Not really," Lydia admitted. "I wish I could say the next one will hurt less, too, but…" She shrugged. It was easier than saying she'd only had one break-up. "I suppose I shouldn't be surprised," Cedric said. "Would it…would it be alright if I came to office hours sometimes without any homework?" "Any time my door is open, Cedric, you're welcome to drop by." He seemed relieved, and he checked his watch. He gave her another nervous look, and Lydia nodded that he could go. She was torn between amusement and pity, watching him go. On the one hand, the very idea of relationships at thirteen, fourteen years old was ridiculous, especially given what Lydia knew now about life. On the other hand, she knew very much what it was not to realize how fundamental something was in your life until you didn't have it anymore. The rest of her day went as expected, reminding students why they couldn't stop listening just because the grounds were covered in snow and parents were making holiday plans. She and Severus had agreed to take their lunch together in her office, as he'd developed a headache because of some fourth year Hufflepuff girls who kept brewing so badly, their potions were routinely letting off fumes, and Madam Pomfrey's suggestion was to take time away from crowds regularly until it went away. He came up with their food precisely on time, and he pulled one of her spare chairs around to her side of the desk. He greeted her with a kiss, and they turned the chairs toward her window, admiring the snow as they ate. "I imagine," she said, "that you have a great number of students who are dealing with relationship drama." "Adolescents have changed little since our time in school," Severus said. "Whom are you referring to?" "Diggory's a bit…not himself, and he admitted he's had his first breakup." Severus snorted, and she knew he had all the details. "The female in question," Severus said, "is now snogging a Ravenclaw in corners. I cannot imagine that has made it any easier for him." "Which Ravenclaw?" "One of the Davies brothers, I can't recall which. I gave them detention with their Heads of House." Lydia rolled her eyes, but she knew that was normal for snogging sessions in corners. That was one benefit to same-house relationships: you couldn't get detention for snogging in a corner of the common room. "Diggory is a sensible student," Severus said. "I am sure he will get over it when he sees how much better off he is without her. At any rate, he won't be single long, I imagine. Many of his classmates find him attractive, and they are of an age now where hormones factor in." "When do they ever stop factoring in?" Lydia said with a laugh. "I'll let you know." She shook her head and ate her sandwich. She was glad to talk about these things without having to think of their serious counterparts, without having to think of Sirius and Remus and Severus and all the messes in her life. Instead, she let Severus tell her the latest drama with his fourth year Hufflepuffs, and she consented to curl up in his lap when the food was gone. Lydia was surprised when Severus began to kiss her neck, but she relaxed and let him enjoy himself. Not that she wasn't enjoying it, too, but it wasn't what she expected from lunch. He let his teeth graze her collarbone, and Lydia pressed a kiss to his forehead. "Do we have any particular plans for Christmas?" she asked. "No," Severus whispered against her skin. "Stay in the moment, Lydia." "Sorry," she said with a laugh, but Severus sat up and kissed her lips to swallow the lap. It took some doing to relax and focus. Her mind was everywhere. She thought of Diggory's ex-girlfriend, already moved onto someone new. She thought of Sirius Black and his aggressive pursuit of her in school, and how special it ended up making her feel, that he was so single-minded about wanting her. She thought of what Harry might be doing for Christmas, and whether he would stay at the school or go back to the Dursleys. She wondered whether Narcissa would drop in on them during the holiday, or if she would be too distracted by her social obligations, her son's presence…. "Lydia," Severus growled into her mouth. "Am I so boring that you can't focus?" "Sorry," she said again. "I'm sorry, I just…I'm pretty scattered lately." "Good thing I don't mind a challenge," he teased. Severus pressed her back against her desk, and she laughed as he kissed down her neck. His hands were a little cold as he slipped them under her robes, under her shirt, brushing against her skin as they worked their way up to her breasts. Lydia arched her back to encourage him, and Severus leaned down over her. He kissed his way back up her neck, along her jaw, up to her ear, across her cheek to her lips. Lydia closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of his fingers finally finding her breasts, rubbing through her bra, teasing. Lydia sucked on his lip, and Severus groaned against her mouth, taking this as encouragement to increase the pressure on her breasts. It was tempting to give in and focus on how good everything felt, to let the sensations and sounds lead them to just going all the way in her office, but Lydia remembered that Severus had an after-lunch class, and she thought it might be with first year students, and she didn't want to have him arrive to a course out of breath and flushed, especially if that class might have Harry in it. There were only so many teachers that students would suppose Severus might sleep with, and it wouldn't take much for rumors to get completely out of control. She pulled back from the kiss, and Severus didn't accept that at first. He leaned into the kiss, trying to make it last, to pull her back into the exchange. But Lydia insisted, pulling out of his grasp, sitting back in her own chair. Severus was a bit flushed, his pupils dilated, breathless and with shaking hands. She took all this in with a bit of pride, realizing how little it took to get him his eager, but she shook her head when he tried to pull her back onto his lap. "Sev, you have class soon." He groaned, tossing his head back against the chair and cursing. She could easily imagine where things would go if she gave in and allowed him to just skip his class, but Severus pressed his fingers against his wrist and frowned at the elevation of his pulse. Lydia didn't have to check her wrist: she could feel her own pulse, strong and wild and rapid at the base of her jaw. "Tonight," Severus said, "I want…I…" "We'll talk about it later," Lydia said, glad that the robes hid any excitement he might have. Still, he didn't have a job where distraction was advisable. It was dangerous enough when he was at his most attentive. Severus took a few deep breaths through his nose and closed his eyes. She did wonder what was on his mind, but Lydia knew it wouldn't be very helpful for her to ask him about it. Instead, she began to distract herself, wondering what he would ask for when they were done for the day, curled up on their sofa, getting ready for bed. Her imagination had all kinds of ideas, but she knew whatever Severus came up with probably wasn't even on her radar. One thing she'd learned: the men she was with were always more sexually creative than she could ever hope to be. She supposed that was a good thing for her, but it must be exhausting for men, to be continually assaulted by sexual ideas. Her seventh year students began to filter that afternoon, exhausted from the hard work they'd already begun to prepare them for their exams. Several of the students were clearly low on sleep. A few of the girls hadn't combed their hair that morning. One of the boys hadn't shaved in about a week. She sat on the front of her desk as they worked on the entry assignment, and she examined their collectively rumpled appearance. "How is everyone?" she asked. There were a few grunts that told her nothing, and one weak smile from a Hufflepuff. Lydia both wanted to laugh and pitied them for their sufferings. She could easily recall her own N.E.W.T. year, the stresses of her exams, the pressures of the war, the extra work from her first publication. Not to mention her mess of a love life, Severus's complicating her social life, and everyone finally knowing that she was an orphan. Alright, so she knew that her circumstances were not normal for most of her students, but just the exams and the social life would be enough to drive most people insane. When most of them had finished, Lydia cleared her throat. "I think we need to have a chat as a group," she said. "In truth, how is everyone feeling?" First, there was silence. One shy Ravenclaw girl admitted to being tired, and then there was a murmur of agreement and repetition of the word. Two of the boys said they were anxious at the same time. "Do you remember your O.W.L.s?" Lydia asked. Almost everyone nodded. "How many in your year passed out during that year?" "Seven." "No, it was like, twenty," one of the boys corrected. Lydia didn't know, but she let them argue it amongst themselves. There were usually a dozen or two who needed medical attention every O.W.L. year. N.E.W.T.s were more variable by group, because they either learned their lesson the first time, or they were too neurotic to learn a thing. "How many of you were in that group?" Lydia asked. Almost everyone raised their hand, and when they realized this, they laughed sheepishly. Lydia nodded, smiling. "Here's the deal," Lydia said. "Your group is good at this work. You get your work done. I trust you. You've certainly never been shy about office hours, either. So here's what I expect from you. When I say we're going to work, you work hard. When I say we're going to rest, I expect you to take a nap. I fully expect to see you eating at meals, and if I don't, I might just have food delivered here and force-feed it to you." More sheepish laughter. "I don't want to hear that Madam Pomfrey has seen any of you this year for something other than a Quidditch injury or a wizard flu. Are we understood?" The students were smiling now, and they agreed with her terms. If she could jokingly bully them into taking care of themselves, Lydia didn't mind taking a heavy hand. They would do better in their exams if they were healthy and happy, and they would do better in life if they learned how to achieve some semblance of balance. "Now that's settled," she said, "shall we go over the expectations for the week?" The students were attentive, albeit still tired, and they took notes, asked questions, and prepared themselves for the final stretch before the holidays. She got a poll of how many students were staying on-site to study and was surprised to find there weren't many. She gave them a few suggestions for how to keep from getting behind over the holiday, even if they were going skiing, and the students all thanked her when she released them from class. She went to her office straight away to wait for Severus to arrive with dinner, and she was mildly surprised to see Minerva in her office. "Did we have an appointment?" Lydia asked. "No, no, I just wanted to have a quiet word, if that's alright," Minerva said. Suspicious, Lydia reminded her Severus would be on shortly, but Minerva swore the word would be brief. Lydia closed the door behind her. "I know Albus's philosophy is to keep you largely separate and in the dark where it comes to Mr. Potter," Minerva said. She was frowning, her lips in a tight line. "He's a brilliant man, but I think brilliant men can also be wrong sometimes. And as I know you'll never get decent information from Severus, I wanted to offer you an opportunity to ask anything." Lydia was stunned. It wasn't something she ever expected, especially knowing Albus had made his wishes known to Minerva, and probably to Filius and Pomona, as well. That said, Lydia didn't know where to begin. "How much does he know?" Lydia asked. "Very little," Minerva said, smiling now. "Albus did hope he would have a normal childhood, and he certainly had no concept of his fame before receiving his Hogwarts letter. I get the sense that he knows almost nothing about his parents, and Rubeus has been collecting photographs for him, I believe to make an album. I regretted that I didn't have anything to contribute. I believe he wrote to Remus." "I might have some," Lydia said, frowning. "I'm not sure if I've got many without—" Without Sirius, she could not bring herself to say out loud. "I'm sure Rubeus would be pleased for copies of whatever you have. He's self-conscious about people staring at him." "Understandable." "And while he doesn't seem to be a naturally gifted student like Lily or James, I do believe with application, he would be a good student. Perhaps not a great one, but a very good one." "It's funny how that works, isn't it?" Lydia said with a laugh. "That concept of putting brilliant people together to make more brilliant people, it doesn't always…" She shivered. "I suppose it's another debunk to the blood purity nonsense." "Quite," Minerva said. She was beginning to say something else, but whatever it was, the words were cut off by a knock at Lydia's office door. "Lydia? Are you in there?" "Sorry," she said, quickly getting the door for Severus. She wasn't sure why, but she felt like a guilty child with a hand in a cookie jar, and the suspicious look he gave Minerva confirmed that this was a conversation the two women were not supposed to have. "I was just leaving," Minerva said softly. "Enjoy your meal. I hope you recover quickly, Severus. It's not quite the same without you glowering at misbehaving students in the Hall." Lydia laughed, but she could hear her own nervousness. When she and Severus were alone, she took the food and began to set it out on her desk, but Severus remained standing on the far side of the room. "He has his reasons for keeping you in the dark, Lydia." "I know," Lydia said. But would his reasons be ones she would approve of or agree with? She thought perhaps not. Sirius, too, had his reasons for keeping Lydia in the dark. The thing about being in the dark, she had learned, was that it meant you could never judge for yourself whether a thing was right or wrong. A/N: So, Lydia digs into Cedric Diggory's love life, a snippet of Lydia's own love life, she tries to counsel the seventh year students on how to survive their N.E.W.T.s, and Minerva decides there are things Lydia should be able to know. I will also say, I got a review recently that was soooo accurate about what's going to be one of my big reveals (and they have no idea they did it) and I was like, holy shit. So that was a delight. Right now, I'm working on a draft including a certain Miss Granger behaving most uncharacteristically. Review Prompt: If you could go back and make Jo change ONE THING from the series, anything at all, with no consequences to the rest of the story, what would you pick? I'm just straight up going to say that Teddy would grow up with parents if I had a pick. I get why she did it, but that's no excuse for ripping my heart out and feeding it to something with a lot of large, serrated teeth. -C
A/N: This chapter is dedicated to now-regular mega reviewer, Eriana! I love that you're dedicated to substantive reviews, and I delight in reading them! Seriously, guys, it makes my day to see more reviews when I check my inboxes for things like bills, package delivery updates, etc. -C The heads of house circulated the tables at breakfast to learn who was staying for the holiday, and Lydia buttered her toast, trying to ignore Minerva's path around the Gryffindor table. She wanted Harry to stay for the holiday, even though she knew she'd still not be allowed to sit and chat with him. She just wanted him near. Somehow, it would be like having a piece of her best friends back for the holiday. She thought of her first Hogwarts Christmas, with Lily and Mary and Artemis, sitting on the floor of the dormitory and painting their nails. They stayed up late, and Artemis allowed the girls to gorge themselves on the chocolates her various family members had sent. Lydia also recalled the one year James stayed for the holiday. He'd made Lydia do extra Quidditch practice in the snow, and he charmed the house-elves into supplying them and Peter with very large, very rich mugs of hot chocolate. And then there was life after school, Christmases in London, Christmases at Godric's Hollow. Her stomach sank, and she set down her toast, no longer hungry. She glanced at the Gryffindor table. Minerva was talking to Harry and his friends. Harry nodded, saying something to Minerva, and Lydia wasn't sure if that meant that he was staying or going. She held her breath, and Minerva glanced at Lydia before moving on to the next students, a tiny incline of her head in Lydia's direction. A yes? It seemed like a yes. Lydia struggled to breathe. She tried to hide her struggle in her tea, and she was almost relieved when the post arrived, and the Malfoy owl dropped a letter in front of her. Lydia enjoyed letters from Narcissa. Often, they were related to the latest publications in Arithmancy, and sometimes arranged for Lydia to meet her in Hogsmeade for tea. At the very least, they were encouraging, pleasant, and contained some complaint or other about Lucius. It seemed everyone in Lucius's life enjoyed complaining about him. She opened the letter, smoothing it out beside her plate. Lydia, Severus has already declined the offer to attend our Christmas party, as he does annually. I do hope you might talk him around, but he tells me you won't want to. He insists you don't like crowds. I seem to recall you coming to the Potter Christmas party once upon a lifetime, but perhaps I am mistaken. I'm afraid I won't be making it up to Hogsmeade this month. With Draco coming home and the preparations for the party, I have much to see to. And really, it must be me who sees to it. Lucius just wanders the spaces and makes random and often unhelpful remarks about preparations, and he's utterly useless to our elf. I'm sure you can picture it. If you do decide to come, of course, I can always arrange a good seating for the pair of you. And I know you have robes worth wearing, and I can loan you some jewelry, so don't let that hold you back. It might surprise you to see how well Severus behaves himself in genteel company, and I think all three of us might enjoy watching Lucius turn purple at your presence. And yes, I confess to some selfishness in the invitation. First, you're pleasant to talk to, which is a rare thing in this world. Second, it does do well for Draco's prospects in the world for two of the most accomplished Hogwarts teachers to be family friends. It legitimizes favors in a way money cannot do alone, having competent people as close friends. I await your response. If I receive no response, I will assume Severus is correct—as he always insists that he is—and that you are not willing to attend. But I trust you have better manners than he has. -Narcissa Lydia sighed and smiled, and she startled to find Severus sitting beside her. "What did she want?" Severus asked, as though he didn't already know. "Apparently, we're invited to Christmas," she said. "I already told her you wouldn't want to attend." "Yes, but I appreciate that she respected my right to decline on my own," Lydia said, rolling her eyes. "It's refreshing." "You forget," he said, pouring himself tea, "that she has always lived in a world where her will is considered secondary to and often subservient to that of her husband, or that of her father before her marriage. She isn't allowed to have an opinion to ask for, unless it's her husband asking. She's lucky, in some ways, to be married to a husband who knows and values her worth." "I don't forget," Lydia said softly. "One doesn't have to be a wealthy pureblood to know what that feels like, Sev." Severus said nothing, not meeting her eye. She knew he was wondering whether she meant her father or Sirius, but she supposed it worked for both equally accurately. Lydia resolved to respond after her classes for the day, and she glanced back up at the Gryffindor table, where Harry was chattering with Ron Weasley over the sausages and toast, and Hermione Granger had a book propped up on a milk jug. She wondered if she would have a chance to talk to Harry at Christmas, where professors often out-numbered students. She had a feeling Albus would arrange the seating so she was far away from him, but at least she would have an excuse to observe him up-close. She finished her food, told Severus she would see him at lunch, and hurried up to her classroom to set up for the last round with her third year students before the end of term. All her students had an essay due, because she didn't believe in tests outside the O.W.L. and N.E.W.T. years at the end of terms. She set up a corner of her desk for them to hand in their essays, and she shivered slightly. She had a feeling someone was watching her, but she was alone, so she shrugged it off. She had a brief exercise written on the board, with a seasonal boarder drawn on the chalkboard edges, by the time the students arrived. "Oh, the drawings are so good!" Alicia Spinnet said with an eager grin. "You're so artistic, Professor Rowe!" "Hardly," Lydia said with a laugh. She was alright. Her shapes looked like the things they were supposed to be. But she remembered Artemis's unbounded creativity, Lily's brilliant eye for color, Sirius's gorgeous sketches. She paused, watching the students file in, hand in essays, and get to work. Lydia thought of those drawings Sirius had done, probably hundreds of them by the time he… She wondered what became of them. She knew some of them were lost in the fire at his first place, but he'd drawn more. She might have them in a box somewhere. She wondered whether she ought to get rid of them, or just leave them until she knew what she wanted to do with them. It seemed right to get rid of them, but she found she didn't really want to. Thinking of those drawings was pleasant in a way that thinking of Sirius in any other way never was. The third year students had a mostly relaxed break ahead of them, and when they finished the opening problem, she asked what their plans were for the holiday. Students were eager to talk about themselves, and it gave her a better idea of how to advise them to handle their time off if she let them gush first. Most students were going home and spending time with family, but a few were spending time on the continent. There was less of that, generally, than when she was in school. She wasn't sure if it was something to do with the war, or the general prosperity of the average student's family, but it was a definite trend. When she'd heard from every student, she nodded and addressed them. "Eat a pudding for me, each of you," she said, and they all laughed. "In seriousness, you should know by now that there's always a bit of a slide after even the shorter holidays. I'm not assigning any inter-term reading, but I do expect you to run through your basic terms and theorems. Once a week is probably plenty for most of you, but you know yourselves. If you've been struggling, do it every other day. If you need that time for reviewing another course, do that instead. I imagine Professor Snape isn't giving you the time off reading." There was a collective groan, and a few students started complaining to their neighbors, but when Cedric Diggory cleared his throat and raised his hand, the room fell silent. That boy would be a Prefect, Lydia thought with amusement. Probably Head Boy, given his group. "Professor," he said, "if some of us might want to do reading over the holiday, could you advise us what we will be covering immediately at the start of term, just so we can prepare ourselves?" "Of course. We'll be covering chapter ten immediately after the holiday, so instead of diving straight into chapter ten, I'd advise you review the theorems in their context first, because we're building the use of structures and systems to apply to extrapolation. Just the basics, mind. Most of this is upper-O.W.L. level, or even N.E.W.T. level work, but you need to know the basics now, because the modes inform how you'll deal with much more concrete figures." The students she guessed would read all scribbled this information down, and she took a few more basic questions. Then one of her Ravenclaws asked whether they would need to emphasize for the exam at the end of the year. Everyone sat a bit straighter, except for Cedric. He was already sitting about as straight as was healthy to go. Lydia tried not to laugh at the predictability of it all, but she did smile. "I haven't written it yet," she said. "I can't tell you what's on it, because I change it every year. Expect a healthy dose of basics and more complex forms and modes. Expect vocabulary, theorems, and calculation. Expect to cover everything." There were a few grumbles, but she did laugh at that. "Well, I'm not teaching any of this for my own amusement," she said. "I mean, I do enjoy it, but that's not why they give me a course. You chose to do this course, which means you think it's interesting or important, or perhaps both. And if you don't find it interesting or important enough to learn properly, I'm sorry, but Professor Snape will look like a fluffy bunny compared with how rigid I can be about final exams. Although, mercifully, if you mess up on my exams, the odds of death or explosion are significantly lower." The students chuckled, but there was still tension in the room. She knew they were nervous about the exam, but they had loads of the year left, and if they were going to be neurotic about this now, she wanted them to get out of the course or excel at it before they all had to deal with O.W.L.s together. When the students were dismissed, Lydia had most of her afternoon off. She checked her watch after she did a quick glance through the essays, and she went to the staff lounge, where Filius and Albus were waiting for her to discuss the Christmas décor for the feast. "Sorry if I'm a bit late," she said, setting her bag down. "I wanted to be certain I had everyone's essay with names on before I came down." "Quite alright, my dear," Albus said, smiling. "Filius was just telling me about the placement of trees in the Hall that he has designed. It's quite stunning." Lydia sat and looked at the sketches Filius had done up to show his basic plans. Some larger trees, but also some smaller ones. She approved of the color scheme of the baubles and candles, although Lydia did suggest doing half again as many candles for the hall. "Especially with fewer plates for them to reflect off," she said, "I just feel it's important to have it very brightly lit." "Are you still free to help set up the décor tomorrow?" Filius asked. "Oh, of course," Lydia said, smiling. "I've had a thought for the trees, actually. What if instead of just baubles and candles, what if we put icicles on them, too?" "An excellent idea for reflective quality," Albus said, smiling. "And you've got all the tables out," she said. "Do we have so many staying?" "Just the number of Weasleys staying is enough on its own," Filius said with a laugh. "But yes, it's a fairly large number this year." "I've had a thought," she said, thinking back to a Christmas tradition she'd had with Lily when they were younger. "It's a bit silly, but what if…what if we put out Christmas crackers on the tables? We did it once upon a time, but we haven't done it in years." "An excellent suggestion," Albus said, even more eager about this than about the icicles. The following morning, Lydia was helping decorate the Hall with Minerva and Filius. They had ten trees up, Minerva was placing the holly and mistletoe as described, and Lydia was carefully charming the icicles onto each tree. She heard Filius greet Hagrid, who was bringing in the last trees, and when she turned to look, she almost cried out from surprise. There, following Hagrid in, was Harry with his two closest friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Lydia stared for a moment, then realized she was being obvious, and she ducked around the back of the tree she was working on, ostensibly to decorate the sides, but really to watch him through the branches. The children looked at the hall, Hermione with quiet appreciation, Ron with a kind of wonder, and Harry with delight. Lydia wondered whether he'd ever seen anything like it, growing up in the Muggle world. Even the shop windows didn't have anything on Hogwarts at Christmas, and she recalled thinking the shop windows were their own sort of magic, as a child. "How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked them. "Just one," Hermione said. "And that reminds me—Harry, Ron, we've got half an hour before lunch; we should be in the library." The library just before break? Perhaps Harry was more like his mother than everyone had supposed. When Hagrid pointed out gently that this was unusual, though, Harry said something that gave Lydia a chill. "Oh, we're not working. Ever since you mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is." Hagrid had mentioned Flamel to students? Lydia's hands went sweaty, and the section of icicles she was working on came out pink. She melted them off and began that patch again. "You what?" Hagrid hissed. "Listen here—I've told yeh—drop it. It's nothing to you what that dog's guardin'." Lydia would have groaned if she didn't want to be totally unnoticed. They knew about Flamel and the three-headed dog guarding the underground chambers? Hermione said, "We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all." Lydia did not believe her. She knew, now, the sound of Hermione Granger's lies, and Harry's sounded like his father's, but less practiced. Sure enough, it was totally unconvincing to her when Harry prodded Hagrid. "Unless you'd like to tell us and save us the trouble? We must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him anywhere—just give us a hint—I know I've read his name somewhere." "I'm sayin' nothin'." Ron Weasley said, "Just have to find out for ourselves, then," and the three students left a very disturbed Hagrid standing alone in the Hall. Lydia shuddered. She wanted to give Hagrid a piece of her mind, but she also felt she should say something to someone with a bit more authority. Severus was tempting, but anything about Harry brought to Severus was liable to lead to an unreasonable detention. Come to that, bringing it to Minerva would lead to loss of points for Gryffindor, because it seemed unlikely that they hadn't been anywhere near the third floor corridor. And Lydia wasn't totally free of partiality. She thought of talking to Albus, but she didn't have a good excuse to bring it up right away. She didn't have a means to leave the Hall before finishing unless she told Minerva a lie or something too close to the truth. She continued to work on the trees, then, nervously putting up the icicles. She was almost relieved that Albus arrived early for lunch to see the decoration progress, and she pulled him aside. "Albus," she whispered, "I think there are some students who know…a little too much about our…addition." He surprised her by smiling. "Harry and his friends, Miss Granger and Mr. Weasley?" he said. "Yes, they have been spending a great deal of time in the library. Madam Pince doesn't know what to make of it." "They know about the dog." "Do they?" he said, smiling even more broadly. "Wonderful. Excellent. Very clever, Miss Granger, isn't she?" Lydia frowned and said, "You don't seem at all worried about this." "Should I be? Lydia, even knowing where it is, or what it is, that is not enough." "The dog could kill them," Lydia said. "And even if they figure out how to get past it, they could be strangled, clobbered to death, or Merlin forbid, poisoned." "I wouldn't worry about the poison, my dear. Miss Granger strikes me as highly gifted in logic. A testament to her diligence and the benefits of a thorough Muggle education." Lydia felt like she was going to faint. She wondered whether Albus were teasing her, but before she could press him on the matter, Severus swept into the room, and she snapped her mouth shut again. Albus looked amused, no doubt knowing she wouldn't discuss this further with Severus in the room. She wouldn't do that to Harry, not unless it were a matter of life or death. Which she had a horrible feeling it might become. A/N: So, Narcissa invites them to Christmas at Malfoy Manor (which they shall not attend), Lydia is reminded of Sirius's drawings, she helps decorate the Great Hall, and Albus doesn't seem nearly concerned enough about the trio knowing about the Stone. Right now, I'm drafting the section where they go for the Stone, so hold tight about twenty chapters, but I'm feeling great about it! Review Prompt: It's only a few years until Harry's going to know that Lydia knew his parents. What do you think her first Christmas gift to him should be? -C
A/N: Hello! This chapter is dedicated to long-time reader/reviewer vampirela69! I do get the angst a lot of you are feeling about the speed of the story, especially on the romantic end and Lydia's mental health/strength end. But I did promise from the start that this was going to be the slowest burn of y'all's life, and I do intend to keep that promise. Plus, how many people do we know who need help but don't get it? That's like, almost everyone I know who needs help, especially over the age of thirty. Patience! We will get there, and sooner than y'all think. I will say that their romantic life will not stay stagnant until the war is over. I promise. -C Lydia watched the students walk in a trail down toward Hogsmeade, to the station. She liked watching students leave for holidays, because they were always so cheerful, like they were part of a parade or celebration. She sat by her window and watched students talk and walk in groups, and she tried to remember what it felt like, walking in that mass. Except she typically walked in that mass at the end of the year, which was a different atmosphere, not nearly as jolly. A knock at her door caused Lydia to jump, and she relaxed to see it was just Severus. He stayed in the doorway, watching her. "You look tired," he said. "Charming." He snorted, and she looked out the window again. She could see the end of the procession now, a trickle of straggling students, perhaps ones without much interesting happening at home, perhaps ones who would miss their friends terribly, perhaps ones who simply had shorter legs. "Lunch is coming soon," Severus said. "I wondered whether you might want to walk down together." "I don't know," she said. "I feel…like…" She shrugged. "I don't know how to explain it. I've been very sentimental lately." "I'm not surprised," he said, his voice dark. "It is impossible to let the past go when it's right in front of you every day." Lydia tried not to laugh at the bitterness in Severus's voice. She knew that Harry's resemblance to his father was no laughing matter for him. For her, though, she couldn't help thinking about how unlikely it was for her to have an excuse to talk to him on a regular basis, much less contemplate the similarities from up close. "I think I'll be down in a little while," she said. "You probably want to go without me." She expected to hear the door close, but instead, she heard Severus sit on the desk behind her. She didn't turn around, but she was trying not to smile. He could be sweet, when it suited him. What she didn't expect was for her chair to zoom back toward him, and she yelped as it tossed her up into his lap. "That wasn't funny," she said, gasping. "Here I thought it was quite entertaining," he said. He kissed her neck. "I know you're going to be terribly busy, even over the holiday, and I want to spend what time with you that I can before the students return." Lydia relaxed into his arms, letting him nuzzle her neck. She knew he was right, that they had only limited time to spend together, and she did want to be around him. "The Great Hall looks exquisite, as usual," he said. "It's a little different this year," she said. "I've gotten bored with the same thing every Christmas." "I imagine Albus appreciates the changes. He does bore easily as well. I know of almost no one who changes their password so frequently, not even the more neurotic dormitory guardians." She rolled her eyes. She knew he meant the Fat Lady, who did have a reputation for neuroticism. And there was one time that she was so nervous about all the girls trying to sneak in to get into the Marauders' dormitory that she changed the password every third day. That had been a difficult couple of months, before Minerva put her foot down. "You left the door open," she said, staring at the open doorway over his shoulder. "There aren't any students who would be wandering around the corridors. They're all headed to lunch. Some may be there already." She hummed and rested her head on his shoulder. She breathed in deeply. She could smell potions, powders, and something acrid like vinegar, but she also smelled the kind of familiar musk she knew of now as Severus. She forgot about the door, just let him trace his fingers lazily through her hair. "Can I try going without the sleeping potions?" she whispered. "Just during the holiday." Severus's fingers stiffened, pausing for a moment. When he started tracing her hair again, his voice was surprisingly warm. "If you insist, we can try it for a few days, but I think you should consider maintaining them." "Why?" "I…I don't much care for Potter, but your nightmares have caused erratic behavior, and I think you care about your comportment in his presence. And as he's staying for the holiday—" "Yes, alright," she said. She sighed against his neck and listened to his breathing. She just wished she could live like she used to for a little while, without a substance, without fear—or perhaps just with a little more courage—and with some hope for what her days could bring. Or maybe her life was always like this, and she only remembered it the way she wished it would be. Severus was gentle when he reminded her about lunch, and she slowly stood, glancing out the window again. Predictably, the students were gone. Likely, everyone who stayed was already at lunch. He held out his hand, and Lydia raised her eyebrows. "Just until we get to the first floor," he said. "No one will see." She was more surprised that he was asking than she was worried about students discovering them, but she smiled and took his hand. They walked out, hand in hand, and for a little while, Lydia felt a bit lighter. Perhaps it was the nostalgia, the memories, the possibilities. Perhaps it was the feel of Severus's hand in hers, walking through the empty corridors. She was happy, and the word occurred to her for the first time in she couldn't remember how long, for a little while. But when they reached the second floor, a skittering in the corner of her field of vision caused Lydia to freeze. She stared at the rat in question, and it stared back. That was unusual for a rat, but the pause wasn't long. Just long enough for her to feel there was something very important she'd forgotten. "Lydia?" She inhaled sharply, realizing where she was, what she'd been doing, suddenly aware that Severus was holding her hand. She felt a strange sensation, like for a moment she'd been someone else, or somewhere else, or in some other moment of her life over again. "Sorry," she said. "Did you…did you see that rat?" "Lydia, it's an ancient castle. We have a few rats, not counting a handful of magical ones, I'm sure. One of the Weasleys had a rat, if I recall." "Yes," Lydia said, frowning. "There was just…something…familiar about it." At this, Severus frowned at her, concerned. She wasn't sure what he thought of her. Probably, he thought she was ill. "Familiar how?" "I don't know," she said, laughing nervously. "It's daft, isn't it? It just stopped and looked at me, which isn't really a thing a common rat does, is it? More like a deer or…." Her voice caught in her throat as she recalled Severus's Patronus, as she recalled James's Animagus form. She shivered. "Just the way it looked at me, I guess. That was familiar. It's too far away for me to have seen it properly." Severus was still concerned, and Lydia thought at any moment that he would press the back of his hand to her forehead or take her pulse or check her pupils. Perhaps he might suggest a stronger dose of some potion, or that she get more rest, perhaps work less. Instead, he said, "Lydia, is there any reason why you would have a rat you recognize?" It was a strange question, but it did tickle the back of her memory, and thinking of James's form helped her recall. Peter. Poor Peter had been a rat, but even if she could have picked him out of a line-up in his form, which she certainly couldn't, Peter was gone. Long gone. Sirius had made sure of that. She shuddered again. "No," she said. "No, there isn't. Sorry, I suppose I just need more sleep. You were right about the sleeping potion. I suppose I probably do need it, don't I?" Severus said nothing, just watching her as she took a few deep breaths and walked with him. He held her hand a bit tighter, but Lydia barely noticed. She was caught up in memories again, trying to think of what it was about that rat that was so familiar. And she thought of Peter and Sirius, there at Harry's birth, both so excited to welcome the new baby into the world. Had Sirius known then what he would do to them all? Did he know what he was about to do to Lily and James, to Harry, to Peter? To Lydia? She shivered again, and when Severus hesitated, Lydia made and excuse about the change in weather and wearing warmer socks, and Severus was not convinced, but he gave her hand a final squeeze before they descended the marble stair. Severus watched her when she froze at the bottom. She glanced at the stairs down to the dungeons. "Lydia." "Go on ahead," she said, looking at the staircase still. "Lydia, you're acting…odd." "Severus," she said with a small smile, "I swear I'll only be a moment." He was uncertain, but when she didn't relent, he nodded and left her alone in the entryway. For the first time, Lydia went to the top of the stair and sat there, on the step where Sirius had held her, with Mary's body at the bottom. She rested her head against the stone wall and took a few deep breaths. She looked at the rafter where Mary hand been strung up, and she stared at the little notch in the wood from the rope. "You were wrong," she whispered into the dimly lit stairwell. "I suppose we both were. Neither of them were very good at taking care of me, as it happened. If you could see the world left after the war…." Lydia shuddered. "Sometimes, sometimes I think you and Artemis were the lucky ones, gone before you could see us all fall apart. Remus and I are all that's left, and even if we didn't have all the usual dross about his condition between us, we've got more than a decade of pain between us now. The kind of things where even when you talk about them, you aren't ever really talking about them, because the things hurt too much. There are things we've still never said out loud. I don't think I've talked about Artemis or Peter in years, you know?" She wiped at her cheeks, surprised at how dry they were. She let out a bitter laugh. "Of course you don't know," she whispered. "When you were alive, we were all young and happy and full of hope, and the most important thing was who would date whom." "Lydia?" She didn't turn. She knew Severus had come looking for her. He didn't sit beside her, but he did hesitate, and she thought perhaps he wanted to. "I've never had a chance to say goodbye to her," she said. "Not properly. For a long time, I couldn't, and then I hadn't been back in so long. And I tried to forget so much." "Lydia—" "It's nothing," she said. She pulled herself to her feet, and she didn't look at Severus's face. "I just thought I ought to tell someone about my thoughts, someone who was there. And this was closer than the graves." Severus said nothing, not as they walked into the Great Hall, not as they ate lunch, and not for many hours after. When he did talk again, he didn't mention the rat, or the stairwell, or anything unusual she'd done that day, and for a little while, she could focus on what had to be done. Lydia opened a few gifts on Christmas morning: standard and thoughtful gifts from most of the staff, a few perfectly selected books from Severus, a far-too-expensive necklace from Narcissa, and a bar of chocolate and a letter from Remus. When Christmas dinner came, Lydia was pleased to see the delight on the faces of students, especially Harry. He sat with the Weasley brothers, wearing what appeared to be one of Molly Prewett Weasley's homemade jumpers. The food was at its usual high standard, and the Christmas Crackers were a big hit with the abnormal number of students present. Lydia watched the students pull the crackers, over and over, and she watched Harry laugh with a carefree joy she hadn't seen on his face, or his father's face, since she was probably not much older than Harry. He pulled an end of a Christmas cracker with one of the Weasley twins, and Lydia smiled to see his astonishment and delight at the hat and mice that came spurting forth. She frowned for a moment, thinking again of the rat, but she was distracted from her thoughts when Albus and Filius pulled another cracker. Albus put on a flowered bonnet and laughed with abandon at the joke Filius read from inside the cracker. "A wonderful idea, Lydia," Albus said. "A great hit!" "Thank you, Albus," she said, blushing. Dessert, too, was a hit. Lydia watched students enjoy their Christmas puddings, watched Hagrid drink large glass after large glass of wine, and watched him even kiss a tipsy Minerva. Severus was rubbing Lydia's thigh under the table, and the whole room seemed to spin for Lydia, not for drink (she had abstained), but for the strange and weightless sensation of feeling she'd lived a moment precisely like this before. She knew she hadn't, certainly not as a teacher, but she knew she'd felt this once upon a time, before her parents died, before she'd grown enough to worry about relationships, war, and everything else that had made her life a mess. She spent a little time with Severus after the meal, but he had potions to check on, and Lydia found a small snowball fight going on outside. She watched from a window, recalling the annual fights between the Marauders, sometimes involving the girls. She thought of Artemis squealing when Sirius stuffed a snowball under her jumper, or the year when Lydia and Remus tumbled together in the snow at full speed, or the year when Lily agreed to get involved, and what started as a simple free-for-all became a carefully coordinated battle of the sexes. Lydia walked out onto the grounds as the battle wound down, and a soaking wet Harry and Ron Weasley shook themselves off, heading back upstairs. Lydia watched them go, greeting them with minimal words as they passed her on the steps. The twins threw a few more wet snowballs at each other with tired laughs. "The light is going down," Lydia called to them. "You'll want to get inside before too long." "Yes, Professor Rowe," the two boys chorused. Instead of going back inside, she watched them, smiling. She knew they were scheming about getting her with snowballs, so when they prepared and packed the snow, she did a quick, quiet charm, and as soon as they tossed the snowballs, the ammunition made it only about a third of the way before turning back to them and smacking them back in the face. "Well played, Professor," George Weasley said, grinning. He wiped his face with a sodden mitten. "Won a few fights in your day, Professor?" Fred asked. "Win?" Lydia said, laughing. "Not very often, no. But I had incredibly skilled competition." She wished she hadn't said it as soon as the words were out of her mouth, because the pair exchanged a look. Then Fred said, "Angelina told us you were young during the war, like…like about our uncles' age." Lydia closed her eyes, recalling almost too easily Gideon and Fabian Prewett. A good sort, kind men, charming and brave. She remembered the night they died, the solemnity in the room. "Yes," Lydia said. "Yes, just about the same age." "She said you didn't fight," George said. "No, I didn't." "I've always thought you'd be an excellent fighter," Fred said, and Lydia laughed. "No, really. You keep the scariest company, you're quiet and unassuming, and everybody likes you. People would think you're the one not to worry about, and you could get right up next to them and stick the knife right between the ribs." "Gruesome," Lydia said. Again, she laughed, this time nervous. It felt too much like what she let Sirius do, what they all let Sirius do. "I'm afraid to disappoint you, Mr. Weasley, but I'm not a fighter, not through deception or anything else. And war isn't so…simple. You don't kill Dark Wizards with a knife to the ribs very often." "A shame," the twins chorused. They were still grinning at her, and she thought of Sirius at this age. He'd seen much more of the world than these two, but he still probably would have believed that he could kill the Dark Lord with his bare hands, given the right opportunity. Lydia shivered, and said, "Alright, now, inside. Careful how you go. I can't promise Mr. Filch will be lenient because it's Christmas." "Likely," they chorused. They thanked her on the way in, and Lydia watched them hurry up the stairs, carefully vanishing the worst of their mud and mess without following them, knowing even Filch deserved a break on a holiday. She started when she heard Albus's voice. "They are right, you know." She looked at him, startled. "Sorry?" Had he been listening? How could he have, standing in the entryway while they were outside? "You would have been a good soldier, in your way," Albus said. "I'm glad you didn't have to be, but things aren't clean, are they? It's very rare that a thing ends neatly, and this certainly didn't. Perhaps you'll be called on to be a soldier again. Mr. Weasley is quite right. You could be taken for granted quiet easily. Perhaps not a knife, but…you have other skills and weapons, haven't you?" Lydia stared back, aware of his assumptions. This Severus had taught her, things, Sirius had taught her, her knowledge of poisons, her Muggle heritage. She knew, without trying, dozens of ways to kill someone. That realization was, strangely, a comfort. "Goodnight, Albus," she whispered. "Happy Christmas, Lydia," he said. She answered softly, already walking past him, a sensation like a crowd watching her settling as an itch on the center of her spine. A/N: So, Harry's first Christmas at Hogwarts has happened, Lydia has a day filled with thoughts of the past, and the twins inadvertently bring up old wounds. I'm currently drafting a chapter in which Albus and Lydia have a long conversation over an unconscious person in the infirmary. No prizes for guessing which person Review Prompt: What kind of interaction would you like to see between the twins and Lydia? Because there will be increased interaction from here, fyi. -C
A/N: Guys, you're amazing. This chapter is dedicated to recent follower, . I hope you continue to enjoy! It's kind of seasonally perfect that I'm doing the December chapters right now, isn't it? -C After dinner, Lydia had some time by herself before she had to meet with Severus, so she sat down with her parcel from Remus. She went to open the chocolate bar and found a note tucked into the wrapping. She almost laughed, but she pulled it out and smoothed it over her knee. Lydia, I hope you have a Merry Christmas. I wish I had time to visit you over the holiday, but I'm afraid my new job has me very busy down south. I was thinking about our very first Christmas at the castle. I'd never seen anything so beautiful. I remember the first snow, when Sirius challenged us all to our first major snowball fight. It's nice to think about our lives before things got complicated. How is Harry? Is he at the castle for the holiday? Have you had any more opportunities to talk to him? I've thought about talking to Albus about coming to see the Quidditch at some point, but it's difficult to find a date that would work for me, and I'm worried he would say no. I hope you're doing well, thriving, and happy. And I hope I see you soon. Best, Remus Lydia laughed, rubbing her fingers over the parchment. She supposed it was natural for them to be nostalgic now Harry was at Hogwarts. As neither had children of their own, it was like they were going through the stage of parents sending their children off to school for the first time vicariously, or on behalf of Lily and James. Hogwarts was certainly different with Harry there, even if it hadn't fundamentally changed. She thought of writing back to him right away, but she made a note to herself instead to give him an update on Harry, and she wondered how much she would want to indulge in the nostalgia, given that her own reminiscence always seemed to turn dark. Complicated was a nice way to put it, but she couldn't shake the feeling that she was missing something important, perhaps forgetting it or perhaps overlooking it. She hadn't felt this strange since she learned Occlumency. She was surprised when Severus came in earlier than she expected, and he found her folding the note from Remus. "Just going over my gifts," she said, smiling weakly. "How were your potions?" "Fine," he said, checking his watch. "I just got word from Narcissa. She's coming around unexpectedly for tea." "To Hogsmeade?" "To our quarters." Lydia laughed at the sour look on Severus's face. He really didn't appreciate his space being invaded, even with warning and by people he liked. Lydia set the chocolate bar aside and tucked the note back into it. There was nothing offensive, should Severus decide to snoop. Perhaps the mention of Sirius would be difficult for him, but if Severus couldn't handle the mention of a snowball fight when they were eleven years old, she didn't know that he could even handle Sirius's existence being mentioned. "I suppose you'll take care of procuring tea, then," Lydia said, stretching. "I'm going to change into something more comfortable." Severus perked up, and at first Lydia couldn't think why, but then she realized that he'd taken more comfortable to mean not robes. She supposed she could wear something a little more Muggle, which he did seem to appreciate. Narcissa wouldn't be offended, and she wouldn't have many chances again for a while. Lydia found jeans and a jumper, and she changed as quickly as she could. She traced her fingers through her hair, hoping it wasn't too frizzy, and she went back out to the sofa, where Severus was pacing. "It's just Narcissa," she said. He looked at her and froze. Lydia, too, froze, surprised with how he was looking at her. She had guessed right—he was clearly pleased to see her out of robes—but she hadn't expected him to look at her with such…longing. "You look lovely," he said. The words were thick and almost unfamiliar on his tongue, nothing like the smooth delivery he usually had. Lydia shivered, and he moved closer, closer, closer. He kissed her, lingering but without any pressure against her lips. Lydia traced her fingers up his neck, pulling him closer, but still he just lingered against her mouth. "She's going to be here soon," he muttered. "We'll know when she's on campus," Lydia said. "It's not like she's going to just walk in the door without warning." "I wouldn't put it past Albus." Lydia laughed. He wasn't wrong, but she didn't care. She took the initiative, pressing her lips firmly against his, and that was what it took for the dam to break. Severus eagerly kissed her back, gripping at her sides with so much force, she was sure she'd form dark bruises. He was speaking into the kiss, although between her muddled thinking at the way their mouths swallowed up the sounds, it took her a moment to realize he was saying her name. Lydia let him pull her onto the sofa, and she relaxed, leaning back, letting him lean over her. His hands roamed over her jumper, and her hands roamed everywhere she could reach. Lydia traced her thumb over Severus's jaw as he leaned down to kiss her again, and she caught his lips between her teeth. Severus groaned, pleased as she rolled the flesh of his lip between her teeth, first gently, then with some bite. Severus's excitement was obvious against her thigh, but she pulled back. When Severus tried to kiss her again, she patted his cheek and said, "Narcissa should be arriving any time now. You should probably go greet her." Severus groaned, cursed her under his breath, but he did as she suggested, and when he left the room, she inhaled a sharp, cool blast of air. Lydia tried to calm herself, hoping she could be as cool under pressure as Severus was. She didn't regret the moment, and she knew Narcissa wouldn't judge her, but she was mildly embarrassed that she was struggling to calm herself. Narcissa was well-bundled and somehow still svelte and stylish. She greeted Lydia with a kiss to the cheek, and Severus offered her tea. Narcissa accepted, as she had to whether she wanted it or not according to the social dictates of her set, as Lydia had learned from Sirius years ago. Lydia pitied that: Narcissa had so little control over her social life, she couldn't even choose whether she wanted an offered beverage. In that light, the years Lydia spent feeling stifled by Sirius were years of great freedom, compared with what he came from. "Draco is thrilled to be home," Narcissa said with fondness. "Admittedly, he likes being somewhere where he's the most important thing. I imagine it's difficult, going to school with a living legend." "I imagine it is," Lydia said, although she didn't want to point out that what she'd seen of Draco, he was little more than a spoilt bully. "Let's not speak of Potter," Severus said sharply. Narcissa rolled her eyes, and Lydia tried not to laugh. If Narcissa only knew—perhaps she did—just how painful Harry's very existence was to Severus, she would perhaps be more sensitive to his pain. "I know I sent some preliminary gifts," Narcissa said, setting her bag down on the floor, "but I have my personal gifts here—" "Preliminary?" Lydia said, bewildered. "Lucius will likely send the official gifts in a day or two," Severus said. Preliminary gifts? Official Christmas gifts? Lydia suddenly thought it was a miracle Sirius didn't have her swimming in presents by the time everything…happened. "You really didn't need—" "Don't be absurd," Narcissa said with a laugh. "Take the gift, Lydia." Lydia did as she was told, and she unwrapped the gift, startled as soon as she saw the quality of the box. It was some fine wood—she'd never been a great expert in the different types—with a rich, dark stain, and a monogram of some shop on the outside. Lydia glanced at Severus, who was opening his own gift. She swallowed, then slid the box open. Inside, tucked gently in velvet, Lydia found a gauzy lilac pouch, just translucent enough to show the pearls. She felt guilty, although she didn't know why. She thought of the fine jewelry Narcissa had already given her, and she carefully opened the pouch to see the natural pearls set on a silver filigree necklace, and she realized why this felt strange to her. No one had given her so much jewelry since Sirius went to prison. When he didn't know what else to give her, Sirius always bought her hideously expensive but tasteful jewelry, as if precious stones and metals could make up for a gap in gift-giving, or an emotional gap. "It's beautiful," Lydia said. She hoped she sounded appreciative, because she was. Narcissa was watching her critically, however, when Severus pulled a new wool dressing gown out of his box. "Practical," he said with approval. Practical, and fitted, and with fine stitching like Lydia had never seen on a dressing gown before. Severus said he had to check on his potions and excused himself. Narcissa sipped her tea, and Lydia felt terribly awkward. "I won't be upset if you tell me why your face is so dark," Narcissa said. "Sorry," Lydia said quickly. "Apologies are pointless. I can see you like it. That is not the issue." Lydia rubbed a thumb along the filigree and tried to think of the best way to explain. "I've thought a lot about the past lately," she said. "We all have, I suppose. Harry Potter at Hogwarts…. Well, everyone's nostalgic." "You especially, I should think," Narcissa whispered. "And perhaps nostalgia doesn't cover it. I doubt all the memories are good." "I'm not even sure if most of them are," Lydia admitted. "Sirius used to…." She closed her eyes. "When he decided to pursue me, he started buying me jewelry regularly. Beautiful pieces, all very thoughtful—" "And this reminded you of him." "A lot about you reminds me of him," Lydia said. She laughed nervously, but Narcissa didn't seem offended. She was, after all, married to a Death Eater. She made no apologies about who she was and what she'd sided with. And who was Lydia to judge, still in the bed of a Death Eater, even years after the war? "I was fond of Regulus," Narcissa whispered. "He was…always eager to please, never caused trouble. But Sirius was always my favorite cousin. There were days when he and Andromeda were…everything I wished to be but wasn't brave enough. I still struggle to believe everything they say he did. It's almost impossible to reconcile the boy I knew with the man who went to Azkaban. But then…Bella was sane and sweet once." "Hard to believe," Lydia said. She wanted to say more, she wanted to hear more about Narcissa's doubts, but Severus came back, and she knew she couldn't say any more about Sirius. Even if he didn't get angry, she didn't want him to worry about her more than he already did. They finished their tea, talked about their projects, and Lydia gave Narcissa the privileged information that she was studying to take over the occasional professorship of Alchemy. "I'm very delighted to hear it," Narcissa said. "I was never fortunate enough to study it, but I believe both Uncle Orion and Uncle Alphard studied it. With distinction, I should think. Draco would enjoy it, I'm sure, should his grades be sufficient." "I daresay they will be," Severus said. "Provided he applies himself in Arithmancy when the time comes, his other prerequisites are certainly at the level required." Narcissa was pleased to hear it, and Lydia found it refreshing to have a shared friend with Severus, someone they didn't work with, where they could have a nice break together like this. Nothing important hidden, nothing to be concerned about, just three friends having tea together. The evening was spent with Severus. Lydia started with Chemistry and Calculus, but she quickly turned back to her own research, and Severus read a few of his journals. She wanted him on hand while she worked, but it was difficult to focus sometimes. He would stop and look at her as she scribbled away. "Damn," she muttered. Severus hummed. "I don't know…. Do you have the energy measurements for your potion?" "Which potion?" She paused, then looked him in the eye and said, "The one you almost killed my friends with." Severus's jaw twitched as he realized she meant the corrosive that nearly killed Sirius. Severus hesitated, then closed his journal with a snap and sat up. "We don't keep those notes in the castle," he said, "for…obvious reasons." Lydia nodded. "However, I do believe you should have those measurements at home." The journals he'd given her some time ago, she realized. She could picture where they were, in a row of books she didn't carry back and forth for the sake of practicality. "Do you think…you would go there for anything before year's end?" "I presume you mean the calendar year and not the school year." Severus frowned at the candle and said, "I do have a few things I suppose I will have to collect before Easter. I may as well collect them this week, rather than wait. But you'll be responsible for safeguarding those notes, Lydia, for as long as you are keeping them at the school. Should Albus find them, much less a student—" "I know," she said quickly. "I know. They'll be safe." Severus crossed to where she sat and kissed her jaw. Lydia touched his cheek, pulling him back down for a proper kiss when he tried to straighten up. It couldn't be comfortable for him, but he obliged, lingering in the kiss for as long as she let him before he stood straight again. "I suppose you will come to bed soon," he said. "Yes, I expect so." Severus hummed, then traced his fingers gently from her scalp down to the ends of a few strands of her hair. It was pleasant, and Lydia hummed. "Don't put it off too long," he whispered. She laughed, but she was pleased that he seemed to be looking forward be being beside her in bed. Their sex life hadn't died off, but she often thought of her potion as a burden on them, especially when it came to bed. She did focus on her work for as long as she could, though. She liked working at night, something she'd done a lot when she was younger. The stillness was good for clarity, and anyone who was still awake would be busy with other things. It wasn't until she moved in with Sirius that she started doing her work during daylight hours. Lydia shivered. Why were so many things reminding her of Sirius? Was it Harry's presence? Her general sense of the closeness of the past? That strange feeling that she'd forgotten something important? When she couldn't get any further without Severus's data, Lydia stretched, put away her work, and went to the bedroom. Severus was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling. He lifted his head to look at her when she entered, but he didn't move much more than that. Lydia sat beside him on the bed and traced her fingers through his hair. "I feel you're busy all the time these days," he said. "I've always been busy." "This extra work Albus has you doing is even more than usual, though." He stretched. "Mind you, I suppose I've had enough to occupy me this year." "Yes," she said dryly. "Finding every opportunity to make Harry miserable is obviously time-consuming and tiring work." "You know that's not what I'm doing." "Call it whatever you like," she said. She leaned back on the pillows. "The result is much the same." Severus sniffed, then said, "Lydia, while Potter's entitlement is a concern, you know that's not my primary focus this year. Something…something is very much not right. Did you ever stop to wonder who would be able to break into Gringotts?" "You mean who would be daft enough to try?" she said. The forced levity in her voice fooled neither of them. She knew Severus was pushing his partially formed theories about what was wrong with Quirinus, about who was after the Philosopher's Stone. He must have decided that she wouldn't take well to the conversation going further, so Severus instead sat up and kissed her. Lydia relaxed into the kiss, pleased that they didn't have anywhere to be in the morning. She closed her eyes, cleared her thoughts as best she could, and focused on the sensation of Severus's cool, dry hands on her skin. At first he was halting, nervous, as if the whole thing was new to him, but once he began to relax, Severus's touch was hungry, searching, desperate. When they were out of breath, Lydia resting on top of Severus, their sweat forming a slick barrier between their bodies, Severus kissed Lydia, and Summoned a nearby vial simultaneously. "Show-off," she said. He smirked against her lips, but he pressed the potion into her hand. With some reluctance, Lydia rolled off him and onto her side of the bed. She uncorked the vial and tossed back the potion. "I wish I didn't have to," she said. "As do I," he said. His voice seemed too close to her ears. "But I will not risk your health for anything, Lydia." She hummed and closed her eyes. She thought of the war, and school, and how often he'd asked, and eventually begged, for her to do something or another to stay safe, to stay healthy. She wondered, not for the first time, if he'd lie awake at night during the war, afraid that Sirius would hurt her while she was sleeping, or curse her, or deliver her straight to the Dark Lord. Small wonder, she thought, that Severus was never satisfied with the protections on the house, when he knew he couldn't ward her against the person sleeping beside her. She wanted to ask, but sleep was taking over, and it didn't seem a good time to say something about Sirius, no matter how badly she wanted to know. A/N: So, Lydia and Severus enjoy more of their holiday, Lydia isn't the only one who's nostalgic, and Narcissa and Lydia discuss Sirius a bit more. Guys, you'll be excited to learn that I've basically wrapped up drafting the first book. I just finished the draft of the final feast, and it was a thrill, because it means I never have to write more of Harry at eleven in this fan fic EVER AGAIN. Review Prompt: Imagine Lydia, Severus, and Lily were Muggles instead, and went to Muggle school with Petunia. How do you think their lives would be different now? (Obvious answer of Lily still being alive is not accepted. Details, details, details!) -C
