A/N: We have reached the final story in this series. That's actually crazy to me. I feel like it was yesterday that I was deciding to reupload this series, and thinking that it was going to take a whole year to get it all out there, and now I'm on number 7, thinking "how is it already October?!" This is story number 7 in this series, so if you are interested in reading the others, you can start with number 1, which is called This is Home. The upload schedule will be the same as the previous ones (Monday, Wednesday, Friday), and the rating is M, like the last one, for swearing and mildly explicit scenes. There is something a little bit different with the contents of this story. There will be 21 regular chapters, but in between a few of those chapters are going to be 3 kind of mini-chapters, which I'm calling Interludes. You'll understand when I get to them, but basically they're insights into what's going on in a different part of the story. They're all very short, but I felt they were necessary this time around. There will also be an Epilogue (of course), and then I have a couple of other things I'll be posting at the end: a Post-War Timeline, and an Epilogue Outtake. There will be more descriptions on those when we get there. All right! Now that all that has been taken care of, it's time to present you with the final story of this series. Happy reading! Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. To the right, to the left We will fight to the death To the edge of the earth It's a brave new world This is War by 30 Seconds to Mars Chapter 1 – The Cabin in the Woods "Lucy." Lucy Jones stirred at the sound of her name being called softly. She squeezed her eyes shut tighter and snuggled into the warm body she was leaning against. "Lucy—" "We'll be pulling into the station in nearly five minutes," a different voice interrupted. Lucy sighed resignedly before peeling her eyes open. She was tucked safely under the arm of her boyfriend, Jeremy Whitlock, while her other friends were packing up their belongings, ready to get off the Hogwarts Express. "We're almost to London, sleepy head," Jeremy whispered into her ear before pressing a quick kiss onto the top of her head. "I don't want to get off the train," Lucy mumbled. "If we don't get off, it'll take us back to Hogwarts, right?" Jeremy chuckled above her but didn't reply. Lucy felt her chest constrict when she thought back to the last six years she'd spent at Hogwarts with her friends. She had been the only American invited to attend Hogwarts when she was eleven years old. They had been the best years of her life. While there, she had made friends with Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, and the famous Harry Potter. The four of them proved to be quite the trouble-making team. They did everything together, and even through the bad times, they were still best friends. In Lucy's third year, she found out that her real parents had been James and Lily Potter, which made Lucy Harry's twin sister. She had to keep this information a secret at first, but at the end of their fifth year, Harry was told the truth—along with the rest of the world. At the end of their fourth year, Lord Voldemort had returned to full power. Harry had defeated him as a baby, reducing him to almost dead. The evil wizard had tried many times to return to his body, and when he finally succeeded, he tried to murder Harry once more. Harry managed to get away and alert the Wizarding world about Voldemort's return. However, the Ministry of Magic chose to not believe Harry's testimony. For a full year, they refused to acknowledge the truth of what had happened. Only after Voldemort broke into the Ministry and was seen by the Minister of Magic's own eyes did the Ministry finally apologize to Harry. Things were finally looking up, with the Ministry and the Order of the Phoenix working together to defeat Voldemort. Then, tragedy struck: Albus Dumbledore, leader of the Order, was murdered by Severus Snape. They had thought that Snape had been on the Order's side, but he had betrayed them all. Lucy was finding it hard to believe that they had just buried Dumbledore that morning before getting on the train to go home. She took a few deep breaths to calm herself as she pulled away from Jeremy. "What's wrong?" Jeremy asked immediately. "Nothing," Lucy answered. "Just—thinking about this morning." Jeremy nodded solemnly. Then he turned to his bag to make sure that he had everything packed away. Lucy watched him for a few moments, feeling grateful that he was there with her. She had met him in their first year. Jeremy had been sorted into Slytherin house at Hogwarts, so when Lucy and Jeremy had begun their friendship, it sparked a bit of controversy. Gryffindor—the house Lucy belonged to—and Slytherin didn't always get along. They had started dating in the middle of their fourth year, after the Yule Ball. They had been together ever since, with the exception of a few months between their fifth and sixth years, when Lucy was trying to protect Jeremy from his family. Jeremy's father was a Death Eater, and Lucy was certain that he wouldn't approve of his son dating Harry Potter's twin sister. Once Jeremy had turned seventeen, he had decided to defy his father's beliefs, and he and Lucy had gotten back together. Then, that morning after the funeral, Lucy had offered to take him home with her for the summer. There was no way that he'd be able to go back to his parents' house, and as far as Lucy knew, he didn't have anywhere else to go. "I still don't know how you're going to explain to Mrs. Weasley that you won't be staying with us at the Burrow this summer," Hermione Granger said lightly, glancing over at Lucy. "I… I hadn't thought about it yet," Lucy replied, frowning. "I just wanted to help them." "Will she make a big deal over it?" Sally-Anne Perks, another of Lucy's friends, spoke up. Lucy had met Sally-Anne during their first year when they were both sorted into Gryffindor. They had been dorm mates and friends for the past six years, although they had only really grown close in the last year. Sally-Anne was afraid that her Muggle father wouldn't let her return to Hogwarts the next year after everything that had happened and was still happening, so Lucy had offered to bring her home, as well. "Maybe," Lucy answered. "Maybe?" Ron Weasley echoed with a chuckle. "She'll go mental. She'll go on and on about how dangerous it is for you to be on your own." "We won't be on our own," Lucy said. "Remus will be there, too. I mean, it's our house." "You know my mum by now, Lucy," Ron shot back. "She doesn't fully trust anyone but herself to take care of all of us." "He's got a point, you know," Harry Potter said. "She and Sirius kept having rows about me two summers ago, remember? Even if she trusts Lupin, I don't think she's going to let you go without some sort of fight." "Well, she doesn't need all of us and two more mouths to feed under her roof all summer," Lucy said. "Although—you two are going home first, aren't you?" She looked between Harry and Hermione, both of whom were nodding. "Just for a little while," Harry said firmly. "Dumbledore said I only had to go back to the Dursleys once more. Hopefully I won't have to wait around until I turn seventeen." "Bill's and Fleur's wedding is the day after your birthday," Ron informed them, "so you'll have to be with us before that." "What about you, Hermione?" Harry asked. "How long will you be staying with your parents?" "Probably not very long," Hermione answered. "I just need to take care of a few things there before I meet up with you all again." She seemed to avoid the rest of their gazes as she spoke. Lucy glanced over at Jeremy, who shrugged. ~LJ:TW~ The train started to slow down, and soon it was pulling into King's Cross Station. Lucy and her friends gathered up their things and got off the train. They joined the crowd, which was slowly moving towards the barrier between the magical and Muggle worlds. Finally, Lucy and the others were able to pass through the barrier. They began the search for Arthur and Molly Weasley and found—unsurprisingly to Lucy—not just Ron's parents, but also Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks, and Alastor Moody. Ginny Weasley—Ron's younger sister, and Harry's now ex-girlfriend—was already standing with them. Mrs. Weasley began to fuss over the rest of them, hugging Ron, Hermione, and Harry tightly before greeting Lucy. "Mrs. Weasley, you remember Sally-Anne Perks from a few summers ago?" Lucy asked, gesturing to her friend. "Oh," Mrs. Weasley said. "Yes, dear. How are you?" "I'm all right, Mrs. Weasley," Sally-Anne said. She had been with Lucy at the end of the summer before their third year, and she had ridden with all of them over to the train station to leave for school. "And my boyfriend, Jeremy?" Lucy added, pointing to Jeremy. "Yes, yes," Mrs. Weasley said, looking confused. "Well, they didn't really have anywhere to go," Lucy explained. "And I was wondering," she continued, turning to look at Remus, "if maybe we could come stay with you, Remus. You know, at Sirius's house." "What do you mean, stay at Sirius's house?" Mrs. Weasley said flatly. "The house that he left to Remus and me," Lucy clarified. "There was no time for me to ask about Jeremy and Sally-Anne, but I figured—I have my own house—" "But you're just children!" Mrs. Weasley burst out. "Jeremy and Sally-Anne are both seventeen," Lucy pointed out, "and I will be, too, at the end of July. Besides, Remus will be there to keep an eye on us—won't you?" She turned to her pseudo-uncle, hoping she wasn't wrong. "Of course I will," Remus said. "There's no need to worry, Molly. You have your hands full with your own children—not to mention Harry and Hermione when they come to stay with you." "That's beside the point," Mrs. Weasley snapped. "I promised your parents that I would protect you," she went on, staring at Lucy. "Last summer, I told them that we would always look out for you." "I know," Lucy said. "You'll still be looking out for me, but I can't ask you to take Jeremy and Sally-Anne in, as well. They have nowhere to go, and I'm not making them go back to where they won't be wanted—" She took Jeremy's hand tightly in hers. "—or where they won't be allowed to leave again." She glanced over at Sally-Anne. Remus let out a low chuckle, and Lucy turned to him. "You remind me so much of your father," he explained. "Your grandfather used to say that James would have brought home every single one of his friends if he felt that they needed someplace to go." Lucy smiled before looking back at Mrs. Weasley. "I really do appreciate everything you've done for me," she said to the matriarch of the Weasley clan, "and I love you all very much. I just can't ask you to take in two more mouths to feed." "Molly," Mr. Weasley spoke up, stepping up to his wife's side, "Lucy and her friends will be all right with Remus. After all, Tonks is staying there now, too, and—" "What?" Lucy, Hermione, Harry, Ron, and Ginny all interrupted. "Yes, I've moved in with Remus," Tonks replied, beaming. "I'm sorry, Lucy; I know the house is technically yours, too—" "Don't be sorry!" Lucy quickly cut in. "Sirius was your cousin, after all, and if this means you're with Remus—" "That's enough jabbering," Moody finally spoke, looking annoyed. "We're here to see Potter and Miss Granger off to their families. Now, let's move." No one dared to argue with Moody, and soon enough they had spotted Hermione's parents through the crowd. Hermione said her good-byes to everyone, and Lucy was surprised to see that her friend seemed a bit tearful. "Don't worry, 'Mione," Lucy said as she hugged the other girl tightly. "We'll see you soon." "I know," Hermione replied. Then she whispered, "That's not what concerns me." Before Lucy could ask what she meant, Hermione pulled away from her and followed her parents from the train station. Harry was next. He had finally found his uncle and aunt, and he was also passed around as everyone said their farewells. "Be safe, Harry," Lucy said to her brother. "I know Dumbledore said that you'd be safe at your family's house as long as you could call it home, but still… don't try to take too many risks, okay?" "Our family's house," Harry corrected her teasingly. "Yeah, yeah," Lucy said with a roll of her eyes. "Go on.… We'll see you soon." Harry smirked at her before turning and joining his family. "Lucy… are you ready to go?" Remus asked. Lucy looked around at her friends—her family. She smiled. "Let's go home." ~LJ:TW~ Mrs. Weasley was crying when she left with her husband and two youngest children. Lucy felt bad that she was making Mrs. Weasley upset, but she also didn't feel like she had a choice. "We'll Apparate," Remus said to Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne as they walked away from the train station. "We just have to find a secluded spot, so no Muggles will see us.…" He and Tonks led the way a little further before finding a dark, deserted alley. Then he waved his wand over Lucy's, Jeremy's, and Sally-Anne's trunks, transporting the luggage ahead to the house. "Lucy," Remus said, offering her a hand. Lucy took it, and then she grabbed Jeremy's. Next to them, Sally-Anne joined hands with Tonks. Remus and Tonks both turned on their toes, and the five of them were plunged into the darkness that was Apparition. They appeared in front of the little cabin in the woods. Lucy took a few deep breaths, glad that she had finally gotten used to Apparating. She saw Jeremy and Sally-Anne gazing at the cabin with interest. "Welcome home," Remus said simply. "We'll have to add a few extra rooms, Remus," Tonks said as she walked towards the house. "Right now, there are only two bedrooms, you know," she went on to the others. "One bathroom, too. But if you're all going to stay here, we should probably get you three your own bathroom." "Constructing an entire new wing of living space?" Sally-Anne spoke up. "That can't be easy magic." "Luckily, Remus seems to have a knack for building spells," Tonks said, smiling. Lucy couldn't help the grin that grew on her face. Tonks looked happier than she had in about a year, and Lucy was glad that Remus had finally braved his feelings for the young woman. Lucy hadn't realized that the pair had feelings for each other until the night that Dumbledore had been killed, but things seemed to be going well for them so far. The five of them reached the cabin, and Tonks led them into the cozy front room. The sitting room, dining room, and kitchen were all open to each other. From the front door, the kitchen and dining room were to the left, with the living room directly ahead. To the right, there was a hallway that headed to the two bedrooms and one bathroom that Tonks had mentioned. "Speaking of living quarters," Remus said, his tone sounding careful, "how many—erm—how many bedrooms will you need?" His face flushed, and he refused to meet Lucy's gaze. It only took Lucy a moment to realize that her uncle was feeling embarrassed about asking if she and Jeremy were going to share a room. "Oh," she said, glancing at Jeremy, who was looking as confused as she felt. They had been together for a while, but they'd only just started to be physically intimate. Lucy couldn't decide if it would be inappropriate for her to share a bedroom with Jeremy at this stage in their relationship, but this was also her home. "It's all right if you want to share," Tonks supplied after a few seconds of awkward silence. "Like you said to Molly at the train station, you're all adults now—or nearly, anyway. It's not our place to judge your choices." "Thank you," Lucy said, feeling a rush of gratitude towards the witch. She looked at Remus and asked, "How would you feel about it? Tell me honestly." "I—I feel like I'm in a very difficult position," Remus said. "I promised Molly that I would look after you, and there is no way that she would let the two of you share a bedroom. Also, your parents were some of my closest friends, and it almost feels as though I'm betraying my promise to them to look after you if I let you share a bed with your boyfriend. However," he went on, seeming more hesitant, "I can't pretend that I didn't—er—have my fair share of—sharing a bed with someone at your age—and so did your father—" "Please, stop," Lucy moaned, putting her hands over her ears. "I don't need to hear about your teenage conquests—" "They were hardly conquests," Remus scoffed. "I had a girlfriend for a few years—from the sixth year until just before your parents…" He had to stop and clear his throat for a moment. "As for James—well, I won't say that he wasn't popular with the ladies—" "No, no, no," Lucy chanted, shaking her head. "I don't want to hear about how often my father got around, thank you very much." She sighed and then added curiously, "What about Sirius?" "Sirius had one girlfriend the entire time I knew him," Remus answered. "They were together on and off for the first year or so, and then they finally decided to be exclusive. They were very happy together, until…" He heaved a sigh. "Until what?" Lucy pressed, intrigued. "Until she and her entire family were murdered during the first war," Remus answered quietly. "Oh, I'm sorry," Lucy gasped, her heart breaking for her godfather all over again. There was a moment of silence before Tonks softly cleared her throat. "We should get back to deciding how many rooms we need to add to the house," she reminded them. Lucy turned to Jeremy and asked, "What do you think?" "Honestly?" Jeremy questioned, and Lucy nodded. "I think we should share. I know that even if we had separate rooms, one of us would end up going into the other's room every night. Might as well save ourselves the trouble." Lucy gave him a small smile before looking back at Remus. "I guess we'll be sharing, then. Two bedrooms, please, and I think we can all handle sharing one bathroom between us." She glanced between Sally-Anne and Jeremy, who were both nodding in agreement. "Two bedrooms it is, then," Remus said, rolling up the sleeves of his robes and pulling his wand out. He paused and added, "Not a word to Molly about this, though; agreed?" "Agreed," the other four chorused. ~LJ:TW~ It didn't take Remus long to add two bedrooms and another bathroom onto the cabin. When he was finished, though, they realized that they didn't have any furniture to put in the rooms. Remus and Tonks spent the greater part of the evening furnishing the new rooms, and it was quite late before Lucy and Jeremy were finally able to lug their trunks into their bedroom. It was a modestly-sized room, with enough space for a double bed, two side tables, and a wardrobe against the far wall. "So, which side of the bed do you want?" Lucy asked, feeling nervous for a reason she couldn't explain. "Doesn't matter to me," Jeremy said with a shrug. Then he flopped down onto the bed and rolled over between the sides, testing it out. Eventually, he settled on one spot on the bed with an exaggerated sigh of contentment. "Found your side, then?" Lucy questioned, shaking her head but smiling all the same. "This one will do," Jeremy confirmed before reaching up and grabbing her arm. He gently tugged her down next to him and added, "As long as you're okay with sleeping right here next to me, of course." Lucy laughed. She brushed his hair off his forehead, marveling at the softness of it, and stared into his eyes. They were light and danced with mirth. "All right, I guess I can sleep here," Lucy said. Her smile dimmed, and she went on, "Are you happy that you came home with me?" "Are you joking?" Jeremy said. "Of course I am. You have no idea how much better it is to be here… with you." "It's hard to believe that we buried Dumbledore this morning," Lucy said quietly. She swallowed the lump that seemed to grow in her throat at the mention of the funeral. "How did things get so fucked up?" "You-Know-Who," Jeremy answered, taking a turn to run his hand through Lucy's hair. "Blood purists thinking that they're better than everyone else—and now they have someone they can rally behind." They laid together on the bed for a few minutes in silence, cuddling together in each other's arms. It felt nice to be able to lie together on a bed; Lucy realized that they had never enjoyed such a comfort before. They had always used a nest of cushions in an empty classroom.… Lucy's face heated as she thought about their more intimate moments, and Jeremy shifted to look at her in confusion and concern. "Are you all right?" he asked. "Yes, I—I was just thinking," Lucy replied. "About?" Jeremy prodded. "About the times we spent together in those empty classrooms," Lucy answered in a whisper. "Hmm," Jeremy hummed. He smirked down at her and went on, "Those were some good times, wouldn't you agree?" Lucy rolled her eyes playfully but nodded. "We could make some more good memories right here in this bed, too," Jeremy said, his voice taking on a husky tone. Lucy put her hand gently on his, which had been inching its way towards the hem of her shirt. "I agree," she said slowly, "but not tonight. I just can't—it doesn't seem right after what happened today." She looked up at Jeremy warily. "Okay," he said, surprising Lucy. He smiled gently down at her before cupping her cheek with one of his hands and kissing her softly. "I have to admit that I expected you to put up a bit of a fight," Lucy said after he pulled away. "I'm not that much of an asshole," Jeremy argued. "Hmm," Lucy said. "I suppose you're not." Jeremy flicked her nose, and Lucy batted his hand away before saying, "C'mon. Let's get ready for bed." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: This story picks up right where the other one left off. I will give you a bit of a warning: most of the action in this story is at the beginning and the end. You'll see what I mean as we go. When I think of Remus adding extra rooms onto the cabin, I imagine the third Halloweentown movie (Halloweentown High) and Marnie's mom using magic to add the rooms for the exchange students at their house. Love the conversation Lucy has with Remus about how many bedrooms they'll need. I especially enjoy the little insight to his past, along with James and Sirius. I think Lucy craves information about her parents and, by extension, their friends.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 2 – Love is in the Air Lucy was woken up on her first morning at Sirius's cabin to the sound of someone screaming. She shot up out of bed and lunged for the bedroom door. "Wha—?" Jeremy said groggily behind her. Lucy ignored him and sprinted into the sitting room. There she found Tonks standing with both her hands over her mouth and staring at Remus, who was on one knee in front of her. Lucy's eyes widened first in shock and then in excitement. "Yes! Yes!" Tonks was shouting. Remus stood up and slipped the ring onto her finger. She threw her arms around him and hugged him tightly, and his attention turned to Lucy, who was still standing in the room with her mouth hanging open. "What's happening?" Sally-Anne and Jeremy had exited their rooms and joined Lucy. "I'm so sorry that we woke you all up," Remus said. "I've just asked Dora to marry me—" "And I said yes, of course!" Tonks finished, pulling away from her fiancé and holding her hand out so the other three could get a closer look. "There's so much planning to do! I think we're going to keep it very quiet and small—just us and my parents. Oh, and the three of you, of course." "The three of us?" Sally-Anne repeated. "Well, you live here, after all," Tonks said. "If we get married here, it would seem rude to not let you be a part of it. Besides, we need someone to be witnesses." She beamed at Remus before going to the dining room table and sitting down with a piece of parchment in front of her. "Congratulations, truly," Lucy said, going to her uncle and giving him a big hug. "I'm so happy that you're going to be happy." "Thank you, Lucy," Remus said. "So, who else is going to be invited?" Lucy asked. "The Weasleys? Harry?" "Er—probably not," Remus answered. "Now that Dumbledore is—no longer with us… the Order has decided that we'll be adding additional security to our houses. Here, the Burrow, Dora's parents' place, the Weasley's Auntie Muriel's.… It would be more of a hassle to get everyone here." "The Weasleys are having everyone over to the Burrow for Bill's wedding," Lucy pointed out. "True, but they've been planning their wedding since before everything happened," Remus replied. "Well, it's up to the two of you, of course," Lucy conceded. "I'm just honored that you'll let me be a part of it." She smiled. "Does anyone want breakfast now that you're all awake?" Tonks spoke up from her spot at the table. ~LJ:TW~ Within fifteen minutes, the five of them were settling around the table with breakfast in front of them. There was silence for a while as they all piled their plates high with eggs and bacon. "I talked to Molly this morning," Remus began conversationally. "Already?" Lucy asked. "We haven't even been home for an entire day yet!" "You know how she gets," Remus said with a shrug. "Anyway, we've decided that the three of you will come with us to the Burrow during Order meetings. You're not invited to the meetings," he added as Lucy opened her mouth, "but we don't want you left here alone and undefended while Dora and I are away." "I don't know why Molly is so adamant that they can't be involved at the meetings," Tonks said, shaking her head. "Fred and George are just going to tell them everything that was said. Besides, they're all seventeen—or nearly seventeen." "It's not my decision," Remus said. "Anyway, there's a meeting tonight at the Burrow." "Why not Grimmauld Place?" Lucy asked. "I thought it was all right for you to use, since it belongs to Harry." "Well, unfortunately, when Dumbledore—passed away—see, he was the Secret-Keeper," Remus started to explain. "When a Secret-Keeper of a location under a Fidelius Charm has died, everyone they told the secret to now becomes a Secret-Keeper. Which means that everyone in the Order is one—including Snape." Lucy scowled at the mention of the name. "Naturally, we don't want to keep using a place as headquarters where You-Know-Who could easily burst in while we're all there," Tonks went on. "The Burrow has already had extra protection cast onto it—short of using a Secret-Keeper, though—so we'll be meeting there for the time being." "We'll be going over there tonight," Remus finished. "Molly's offered to make dinner, as well, so we may be there for a while. Just wanted to give you all a heads up." ~LJ:TW~ "Oh, Lucy, dear," Mrs. Weasley said, giving Lucy a nearly bone-crushing hug. "Hi, Mrs. Weasley," Lucy gasped. She patted the woman on the back a few times until Mrs. Weasley loosened her hold. Lucy added, "It's good to see you." "Are you sure you don't want to come and stay here with us?" Mrs. Weasley asked, pulling away. "We've been over this, Mrs. Weasley," Lucy said gently. "You don't need the extra mouths to feed, especially now that you're going to be hosting the Order meetings, too. We'll be fine." Mrs. Weasley moved on to welcome Remus and Tonks, and she shrieked when Tonks showed her the new ring on her finger. "Oh, this is wonderful!" Mrs. Weasley gushed. "Congratulations, both of you! Arthur—!" Lucy chuckled before heading deeper into the house. Jeremy and Sally-Anne followed behind her. In the sitting room, they met up with Ron, Ginny, and their older twin brothers Fred and George. Lucy launched herself into the arms of the twins, giving them her usual enthusiastic greeting. "Mum said that you all would be here," Ginny said. "I guess they still don't fully trust us, do they?" "Maybe not, but our house doesn't have the same full protection as the Burrow does," Lucy said. "I can understand why they would be concerned about leaving us behind." Lucy continued to catch up with the twins for a few minutes as the rest of the Order members arrived. When Sally-Anne's older sister Becky appeared, Sally-Anne went over to greet her, and then returned soon after. Eventually, everyone was gathered around in the sitting room. "We're calling this meeting to order," Moody spoke up from the front of the room. "Er—did you want us to leave?" Ron spoke up, cringing as he did so. "No, Ron," Moody said. "After some discussion, we knew that a few certain individuals—" He looked pointedly at the Weasley twins. "—would likely tell you everything that you wanted to know. Therefore, you will be allowed to stay, as long as you keep your mouths shut. Can you do that?" He looked between the Hogwarts students, who all nodded their understanding. "First order of business tonight is to agree on the list of safe houses to be given more protection should the Ministry fall under You-Know-Who's influence," Moody began. ~LJ:TW~ The meeting lasted for an hour and a half straight before their last topic was brought up. "The moving of Harry Potter out of his uncle's house and here to the Burrow," Moody said. "You-Know-Who will most likely think we'll try to move him on his seventeenth birthday," Mr. Weasley spoke up. "After all, that's when the spells protecting him there will drop. I suggest we remove him from the house a few days prior to his birthday, so we don't give You-Know-Who that opportunity." "There's also the matter of protecting his family," another Order member added. "You-Know-Who is likely to use them to try and get to Harry if we leave them to fend for themselves." "The easiest way to get Harry would be for someone to meet him at his house and pick him up by Side-Along Apparition," Moody said. "I can do that easily enough. Then, once he's here, it will be far too risky for the other side to try and get at him. As for his Muggle family, we can take them to an Order safe house far away from their home. Hopefully, they'll remain out of Voldemort's reach until we can find a way to beat him." Lucy tentatively rose her hand; she wasn't sure if they were going to be looking for her opinion, since she wasn't technically part of the Order. "Go ahead, Lucy," Moody said, nodding at her. "Well, Harry was talking about wanting to leave the Dursleys as soon as he could," Lucy said. "We all know how he can get—he doesn't like getting other people involved if he can help it. Maybe—maybe someone should tell him about the plan to get him to the Burrow. Then he might not try coming on his own." "Good point, Lucy," Moody said, surprising her. "Let's see.… Would anybody be willing to go over to Harry's house and explain the plan that we've made?" Mr. Weasley and Kingsley were chosen to visit Harry's house to talk to him and his family. Then the meeting was adjourned, and Order members started to file out of the house. Mrs. Weasley bustled around the kitchen, fixing up dinner for those members who'd stayed. Soon, they were all crowded around the kitchen table, talking and laughing as though there wasn't a giant threat looming over all their heads. ~LJ:TW~ It finally felt as though the summer had started. The extra protective enchantments had been placed on their cabin in the woods, and it was disconnected from the Floo Network. Thankfully, the protective charms extended over the widespread garden, so Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy could spend time outside and get fresh air. They continued to attend Order meetings at the Burrow. Lucy usually sat off to the side with Sally-Anne, Jeremy, Ron, and Ginny. They kept their mouths shut, just as Moody had requested, and they were learning quite a lot. The most alarming thing that they found out was that Voldemort's forces were working on infiltrating the Ministry as soon as possible. As a result, the Order were hesitant to trust the Ministry. About a week after their holidays had started, Hermione finally rejoined them at the Burrow. Tonks had Apparated Lucy over for the special occasion. Lucy was very excited and relieved to see her friend somewhere safe and in one piece. "How are your parents?" Lucy asked after giving Hermione a very tight hug. "They're good," Hermione answered, her smile dimming. "They've—decided to go on holiday for a while." "That's nice for them," Lucy said. "Any reason why you aren't going with them?" "Oh, I just feel like I'm needed here," Hermione brushed off. When she turned away to greet Ginny, Lucy stared at the back of her head suspiciously. Something seemed off about Hermione's attitude towards her parents. ~LJ:TW~ Another week later, Lucy and Sally-Anne were in Tonks's and Remus's bedroom with the older witch, helping her get ready. "Are you sure the pink hair is okay?" Tonks asked for what Lucy felt was the hundredth time. "Of course," Lucy said. She was sitting behind Tonks, twisting the witch's hair into a braid. "If Remus didn't like your pink hair, don't you think he'd've pointed it out by now? Besides, if he didn't like it, you wouldn't be marrying him today, would you?" "Fair point," Tonks said with a smirk. "I wish I had pink hair," Sally-Anne added. "Really?" Lucy asked. "Yeah," Sally-Anne answered. "I think it'd be cool.… Plus, I'm pretty sure I could pull it off. Mum used to change our hair color when we were younger—only when we were at home, though. Dad wouldn't let us leave the house with pastel-colored hair." A look of pain crossed her face. "Are you all right?" Lucy asked immediately, abandoning Tonks's hair for a moment to turn to her friend. "I'm fine," Sally-Anne replied. "I—I miss my dad. I don't regret coming with you for the summer, but from time to time, I wonder how he's doing." She paused and added, "Becky has seen him, and she tried to explain to him why I didn't come home. She said that he's worried about me, except it's not in a worried for my safety way; he's worried that I'm going through some kind of rebellious phase." She rolled her eyes. "Your dad knows about what's going on, doesn't he?" Lucy questioned, returning her attention to Tonks's hair. "He's been told, but I don't think he understands the severity of it," Sally-Anne responded. "Regardless, he would've tried to keep me at home this year, and he wouldn't care one bit that I'm technically an adult in the Wizarding world. In the Muggle world, we're still underage, you know." "I know," Lucy said with a nod. "All right, Tonks. How's this?" She spun the chair Tonks was sitting in, so that the woman could look into the mirror. "Oh!" Tonks gasped. "Lucy, thank you. I love it." There was moisture forming in the corners of her eyes. "None of that!" Sally-Anne scolded playfully, handing a handkerchief over. "You're going to ruin your makeup if you start crying." "I can't help it," Tonks said. She dabbed at her eyes, but her smile lit up her entire face. "I'm just so happy that this day is here. You know, I never imagined how my wedding day was going to be, but this is turning out so perfectly." "I'm glad you're happy," Lucy said, grinning back. "And I'm glad you like the braid crown. Believe it or not, I've never actually done one before, so thanks for being my test subject." She stood up and said, "Shall we get you into your dress?" It only took a few minutes to get Tonks into her cream-colored dress. She started to look choked up again, and so Lucy decided it was time to see if Remus and Jeremy were ready. "How's everything?" Jeremy asked when Lucy joined him in the kitchen. He pecked her on the mouth. "She looks absolutely gorgeous in her dress," Lucy replied, winking at Remus, who was pacing back and forth in the sitting room. "Of course she does," he said, sounding distracted. "What's wrong, Remus?" Lucy asked. "I just—I—I don't want her to be throwing her life away just to be with me," Remus replied, tugging his hair with his hands. Lucy walked up to him and grabbed his wrists, pulling his hands away. "She's not throwing her life away to be with you," she reminded him. "She loves you, and you love her. She's ready to prove it; are you?" Remus let out a long exhale before giving Lucy a small smile. "Yes," he agreed. "I am. Truly, I am. But I will always have these worries, that I'm not good enough for her." "I know you will," Lucy said, "but I also know that you're what she wants. Everything will be okay." She looked at Jeremy and asked, "Are you still okay to escort the officiant and Tonks's parents to the house?" "Of course," Jeremy said, checking his watch. "In fact, I should probably go out and wait for them. I'll be back in a few." Lucy moved over to him, reached up on her toes, and kissed him briefly. "Be careful, please." "You know I will," Jeremy replied, tapping her gently on the nose. Then he left. A bedroom door softly clicked shut, and Sally-Anne joined Lucy and Remus in the sitting room. "She's ready," she announced. "Good," Lucy said. "Jeremy's just gone out to meet the officiant and Tonks's parents, and bring them in. Are you ready for this, Remus?" "As ready as I'll ever be," Remus replied. Lucy ushered him out into the back garden, which she and Sally-Anne had spent all morning decorating—well, Sally-Anne had done most of the decorating, since she could use magic. Lucy had done more of the physical setting up and rearranging of things. "I—wow," Remus said, looking around. "You girls did all this?" "Yes," Sally-Anne responded, sounding pleased. "We'd hoped that you'd like it." "It looks great," Remus said, a smile breaking over his face. "You know, at the risk of sounding cheesy, I think tonight is going to be magical." ~LJ:TW~ It wasn't much longer until Jeremy had returned to the house with the officiant and Tonks's parents in tow. The officiant was a short, middle-aged wizard, and he seemed like a pleasant man. He greeted Remus first, and then Lucy let him into the bedroom, so he could introduce himself to Tonks. Tonks's parents greeted Remus warmly and introduced themselves to the girls as Andromeda and Ted. Lucy remembered that Sirius had told her about them once—and that Andromeda had been his favorite cousin. Then the Tonkses went to see their daughter. Dusk was beginning to fall, creating a lovely glow over the garden. Remus took his spot under the arch that Lucy and Sally-Anne had set up, and the officiant stood behind him. Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne stood on Remus's side of the aisle. Tonks appeared at the patio door with her parents. She took both of their offered arms, and the three of them walked up the aisle towards Remus and the officiant. A warm, happy feeling filled Lucy's chest as she watched Tonks walk forward, her smile radiant. Then Lucy looked at Remus, who was also looking as though this truly was the best day of his life. His happiness somehow made him seem younger—or, really, closer to his actual age. When Tonks had reached the arch, she embraced both her mother and father. Andromeda and Ted stood across the aisle from Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne, while Tonks took Remus's hand and stood next to him. The officiant began the ceremony, and he kept it simple and very brief. Tonks and Remus exchanged their vows and their rings, and soon, the officiant was declaring them married. Tonks threw her arms ecstatically around her new husband's neck, and kissed him enthusiastically. Everyone in attendance chuckled as they applauded. ~LJ:TW~ It was a beautiful, warm evening for them to celebrate a new marriage. The officiant had left once all the proper paperwork had been signed, and Lucy and Sally-Anne began to prepare dinner. Andromeda soon offered her help, which the girls gratefully accepted. Meanwhile, Jeremy had volunteered to set up the table in the garden so that they could eat under the stars. The lanterns that Sally-Anne had conjured around the yard for decoration were lit, and some soft music could be heard coming from the radio. It didn't take long for dinner to be ready, and Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Andromeda brought it out to the table. Jeremy, Remus, Tonks, and Ted were already sitting, and once the other three joined them, they all enjoyed the meal. After dinner, they brought out the wedding cake. Remus and Tonks cut a piece, and both fed the other a bite before the rest helped themselves. The evening quickly wound down, and soon Andromeda and Ted were bidding them all good night. Once they were gone, Tonks and Remus slipped into their bedroom, leaving Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne sitting in the garden. "I hope they cast some kind of soundproofing charm on their room," Sally-Anne said, giggling. "I mean, Tonks seems like the kind of person who wouldn't really mind if she was overheard, but I think Remus would die of embarrassment if we heard them." "I'm sure they did," Lucy said. "I don't know if he'd be quite as embarrassed as we might think, but Remus isn't stupid, either." Jeremy was quiet, holding his drink in his hand. "What's up?" Lucy asked. She knew him well enough that she could tell when something was bothering him. "I just—it's still weird to me," Jeremy replied. "Growing up, my parents had their own separate wings in the family home. They never slept in the same room—hell, they didn't even sleep on the same floor. And I thought that this was normal. The first time I heard that someone's parents slept in the same room… I was shocked, to say the least. It took me a long time to realize that that was normal, and living in completely separate areas of the house was the weird thing for a husband and wife to do. It still surprises me, even now, when I hear about a married couple sharing a room." "You and Lucy are sharing a room now, though," Sally-Anne pointed out, "and you were the one to suggest it." "Yeah, but we're not married," Jeremy said with a shrug. "For now," Sally-Anne murmured with a smirk before taking a deep drink from her cup. Lucy flushed. Every once in a while, the thought of getting married crossed her mind, but there was no way that she was ready for that—nor was Jeremy. "I had a… flawed perspective about marriage growing up," Jeremy explained. "I never really learned that marriage is something that two people do when they love each other. Marriage was about creating heirs for your bloodline—someone to continue the family name. Everyone in my mother's family had respectable marriages to other purebloods—except my aunt Zoé." "Nobody in your family married for love?" Lucy asked. "Nope," Jeremy answered simply. "But I plan to change that." He winked at Lucy, who blushed again. "Anyway," Sally-Anne cut in, "I think I'm going to head to bed." She stood up and stretched. "Oh! And if you're going to copy Remus and Tonks tonight, please use a soundproof charm—we share a wall, you know." "Maybe we will; maybe we won't," Lucy retorted. She stuck her tongue out at Sally-Anne, who just gave them a cheerful wave before disappearing into the house. "Would you like to go in and get ready for bed, too?" Jeremy asked. "Yeah, I suppose," Lucy sighed. She stood up and held her hand out to Jeremy, who took it. She tugged him to his feet. They went into the house, shutting and locking the patio door behind them. Then they took turns using the bathroom before rejoining one another in their room. Lucy cuddled up into Jeremy's side as they laid in bed. "It was a nice day today, wasn't it?" she asked in a whisper. "It was great," Jeremy agreed, smiling down at her. He waved his wand a few times without saying anything, and then he set it on his bedside table. "What was that?" Lucy asked, looking at him slyly. "Oh, I thought I'd take Sally-Anne's advice," Jeremy replied. He slipped his hands under her shirt and pulled her on top of him. "You looked really beautiful in your dress today, you know," he went on. "I'm kind of disappointed that you took it off before I had a chance to." "Would you like me to go put it back on for you?" Lucy asked teasingly. "No, that's okay," Jeremy answered huskily. He grabbed the hem of her shirt and gently pulled it over her head. "See? You're already half undressed." He grinned at her, and she smirked back at him. Then his eyes wandered down her torso. "Like what you see?" Lucy drawled. "You know it," Jeremy said. The he rolled them over, so that he was gently pinning Lucy down in the bed. Leaning down, he kissed her sweetly before breathing in her ear, "I think it's about time we christen this bed, don't you?" "I thought you'd never ask," Lucy said cheekily. "I love you," Jeremy whispered before capturing her lips with his once more. "I love you, too," Lucy replied when they came up for air. Their talking ceased as their mouths became otherwise preoccupied. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: I really liked the idea that Remus calls Tonks something other than Tonks. I think him calling her Dora makes it special and sweet, and he's one of the very few people who get to call her that. It seems like Remus and Tonks get married extremely quickly, but they were already married by the time everyone went to rescue Harry from the Burrow, so... So, a bit more about Jeremy's parents: Jeremy's mother Eveline is, as has already been pointed out, French. Her parents had known Gareth Whitlock's parents for a long time. Gareth and Eveline were set up together by their families after they had both finished school but hadn't found anyone to settle down with. I would imagine that Gareth agreed to the coupling because he needed a pretty trophy wife he could show off and produce an heir with, while Eveline only wanted to please her parents by making a respectable marriage. I'd say at one point, they were both fond of one another, but neither of them ever fell in love with the other. Gareth gave Eveline whatever she wanted, especially after she gave him a son to continue the family name. Jeremy rarely saw them being affectionate towards one another, and as he states in this chapter, they had separate living arrangements in their house. There used to be an explicit scene at the end of this chapter - a lemon, if you will. (Do they still call them lemons?) I didn't necessarily think it was badly written nor was I embarrassed by it, but it just didn't flow as well as I wanted it to. So I cut the scene out and did another fade-to-black break.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 3 – The Rescue Mission The summer went on. Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne spent many days outside—when the weather was nice—and many nights at the Burrow with the Order. It was a bit repetitive, but Lucy wouldn't have it any other way. She was just glad that she got to spend the summer with her friends. As it got closer to Lucy's—and therefore Harry's—seventeenth birthday, Moody surprised them by saying that there had been a change of plan for picking Harry up. He would still get picked up a week before his birthday, and his relatives would be taken into hiding at the same time. However, the method in which he was going to be removed from the house was changing. "It has come to my attention that, no matter how many days before his birthday, it wouldn't be safe if only one of us goes to retrieve Harry," Moody announced. "Therefore, we will be using decoys. Six of us will take Polyjuice Potion with Harry's hair in it. Then there will be seven protectors, one with each of the decoys and the real Harry." "Excuse me, Professor," Hermione spoke up; she had never gotten out of the habit of calling him Professor Moody. "I know it's not necessarily my place to question the Order's decisions, but if you tell Harry that you're going to have people drink Polyjuice Potion to become his lookalikes, he won't let you do it." "He won't have a choice," Moody said shortly. "If he understands what's at stake, he'll cooperate. Now, for the decoy Potters: Hermione, Ron, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus." Mundungus Fletcher looked up with alarm on his face. "Wha'?" he gulped. "But—I don't—" "Stuff it, Mundungus," Moody growled at him. "This was your idea, after all. So, the protectors—" "Wait a minute," Lucy spoke up loudly. "Why can't I be one of the decoys?" "You've still got the Trace on you," Moody said dismissively. "If you have to use any magic, the Ministry will know." "I'll be surrounded by other Order members!" Lucy cried indignantly, shooting up out of her chair. "They won't know which person performed the magic!" Moody shook his head at her before turning back to the room at large, but before he could speak, Lucy insisted, "I just want to help! He's my brother!" "You're not old enough, Jones!" Moody snapped back with authority. "Sit down!" Glowering, yet knowing that she was going to lose this battle, Lucy flung herself back into her seat. She crossed her arms over her chest. "Now, onto the protectors," Moody went on. "Kingsley will be with Hermione—Tonks will be with Ron—Arthur with Fred—Remus and George—Bill and Fleur—and I'll be with Mundungus. As for Harry, he'll be with Hagrid. We'll all leave from Harry's uncle's house at the same time and will be splitting up. Each pair will go to a different safe house and then take a Portkey that will return them here to the Burrow. Any questions?" There were a few more details hashed out, and then they discussed where they would be taking the Dursleys into hiding. "Well, if that's all, then this meeting is adjourned," Moody said. "Those of us picking Harry up will meet here at the Burrow in two days." ~LJ:TW~ Two evenings later, Remus and Tonks Apparated to the Burrow with Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne in tow. Moody gathered them to go over the plan once more, to make sure they all knew what was happening. "Does everyone know their assignment?" Moody questioned when he was finished. "Are you sure I can't help?" Lucy piped up from where she was sitting. "You can help by being here and greeting us when we get back," Moody said shortly. When he'd turned his back on her, Lucy stuck her tongue out at the back of his head. "I SAW THAT!" Moody shouted without looking at her. "Damn magical eye," Lucy grumbled. "Right, then," Moody barked. "As long as we all stick to the plan, we should be able to pull this off without a hitch. We need to leave in two minutes." He turned to Mrs. Weasley and said, "Molly, will you be all right waiting here for everyone to get back?" "Yes, of course," Mrs. Weasley said. "Then we'll be off," Moody said. Lucy huffed, slumping in her seat as almost everyone around her rose from their chairs. Hermione and Ron came over to her, looking at her apologetically. "We know you want to help," Hermione said, "but this really is for the best. We don't want to get the Ministry involved if we can help it." "I know," Lucy mumbled. "I just hate sitting on the sidelines!" "We'll all be back before you know it," Ron said encouragingly. "Yeah, well," Lucy said, shrugging. Then she stood up and hugged both of her friends tightly. "Be safe." "We'll be fine," Ron said, grinning. Hermione also smiled, and the two of them left the Burrow for the garden where the Order was gathering to leave. Lucy felt a hand on her shoulder. "Are you all right?" Jeremy asked, standing close to her. Lucy nodded, feeling calmer now that he was near. "I just don't want any of them to get hurt," she said. She watched as the Order members in the garden moved to the edge of the Weasley's property. "They'll be okay," Jeremy said, gently turning Lucy to face him. He took her face in both of his hands and smiled at her. Lucy smiled back, and Jeremy lowered his mouth onto hers. "Ew," a voice said as Jeremy and Lucy pulled apart. Jeremy dropped his hands from Lucy's face as she glanced over to see Sally-Anne joining them. "Get a room," Sally-Anne added jokingly. Lucy smirked at her. "Maybe later," she said. Jeremy chuckled, and Sally-Anne groaned and pressed her hands over her ears. Lucy turned to the window, noticing that the Order outside had Disapparated, leaving the Burrow quiet. The three of them, Ginny, and Mrs. Weasley were the only ones left. Mrs. Weasley hurried into the kitchen to busy herself, and Lucy knew that she was trying to keep her mind off the mission that most of her family was now on. Ginny joined the other three in the sitting room. She sat down on one couch, and Jeremy and Sally-Anne sat on the other. Lucy dropped down next to Ginny. "Pardon my French, but this is such bullshit," Lucy commented. "Doing underage magic should be the least of our worries right now." Ginny stayed quiet, and Lucy asked, "Don't you wish you could be helping?" Lucy had been surprised when Ginny hadn't protested having to stay behind. Ginny shrugged. "Yes, I guess," she said. "Seeing Harry is going to be weird." Lucy gave Ginny a sympathetic look. Harry and Ginny had been dating for the last few weeks of the previous school year, but Harry had split up with her in an attempt to keep her safe. Ginny sighed and added, "I just hope everyone gets back safely." "The Death Eaters don't know that we're moving Harry tonight," Lucy said. "That's what the Order keep saying, anyway. There shouldn't be any problems." "Well, if there weren't going to be any problems, we wouldn't have needed such an elaborate plan in place," Ginny pointed out. "I have a bad feeling about all of this." There was silence for a while. There was really nothing any of them could do besides wait for the others to return. They could hear Mrs. Weasley bustling around in the kitchen, but none of them could bring themselves to see if she needed any help. ~LJ:TW~ It seemed as though time had slowed down. Every time Lucy looked at the clock, she swore it wasn't even moving. Eventually, Ginny stood up and began to pace the sitting room floor. Lucy looked up at her, startled. "Are you all right?" she asked. "Ron and Tonks should be here any minute," Ginny said, looking at her watch. "Come on," Lucy said, getting to her feet. "We'll go out in the garden to wait for them." Jeremy and Sally-Anne decided to wait in the house, and Lucy and Ginny went out into the yard. They stood near the back door and watched impatiently for any sign of the Order members to return. About a minute after they had left the house, there was a blue light. Lucy and Ginny looked forward eagerly, but all that appeared was an old oil can that fell to the grass. "Where are Ron and Tonks?" Lucy asked anxiously. "Why didn't they take their Portkey?" Ginny, looking pale, didn't answer. They waited for another few minutes, and there was a blue light again. The same thing occurred, this time with an old sneaker. "That should have been Fred and Dad," Ginny said, putting a hand to her mouth. "I've got to go tell Mum—" But she didn't move, and she and Lucy continued to stare at the spot where the Portkeys had landed. Then, after another couple minutes, a third blue light appeared, growing brighter by the second. "Mum!" Ginny shouted into the house as Lucy took a few steps forward. A giant man had appeared, with a young man next to him. The two of them collapsed to the ground, and Lucy sprinted forward. "Harry!" she exclaimed as Harry got to his feet, wincing. She threw herself at him, pulling him into a hug. "Oh, thank Merlin, you're all right." She could hear Mrs. Weasley and Ginny hurrying towards them, but she was too relieved that her brother was standing in front of her in one piece. "You're the real Harry?" Mrs. Weasley asked as Lucy finally stepped back. "What happened? Where are the others?" Jeremy and Sally-Anne ran out of the house behind Mrs. Weasley. "What d'you mean?" Harry asked. "Isn't anyone else back?" He looked between Lucy, Mrs. Weasley, and Ginny; none of them knew how to answer him. "The Death Eaters were waiting for us," Harry explained. "We were surrounded the moment we took off—they knew it was tonight. I don't know what happened to anyone else. Four of them chased us—it was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us—" "Voldemort?" Lucy repeated. "Thank goodness you're all right," Mrs. Weasley said, hugging Harry. Lucy could see the pained expression on Harry's face, however. "Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh, Molly?" Hagrid asked. "Fer medicinal purposes?" Mrs. Weasley turned immediately and went back into the house. Harry looked at Lucy and Ginny helplessly, the questions written all over his face. "Ron and Tonks should have been back first," Lucy said, pointing towards the oil can. "That was supposed to be their Portkey, but they missed it." "And that one should have been Dad's and Fred's," Ginny continued, gesturing to the sneaker. "They were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third, and, if they made it, George and Lupin ought to be back in about a minute." Mrs. Weasley came back into the yard, carrying a bottle of brandy for Hagrid. She gave it to him, and he immediately drain its contents. "Look!" Ginny shouted. The blue light had appeared again, and after a few seconds, two bodies had appeared, tumbling to the grass. "George!" Lucy exclaimed, running forward. "Remus!" Harry was right behind her. Remus was struggling to support George, who was unconscious. Harry wordlessly grabbed George's feet, and he and Remus carried George's still form into the house. Lucy, Ginny, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne hurried after them, and when Remus and Harry laid George on the couch, they could finally see what was causing all the blood dripping down the side of his face. One of George's ears was gone. Ginny gasped, and Lucy couldn't help the whimper that escaped her. George was one of her best friends, and it was hard to see him slumped on the couch with an alarming amount of blood dribbling from the hole in his head. Mrs. Weasley hurried to her son. Then, suddenly, Remus wrenched Harry backward and into the kitchen. "Remus! What are you doing?" Lucy asked, alarmed. "Oy!" Hagrid called from the door he was trying to get through. "Le' go o' him! Le' go o' Harry!" "What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts?" Remus asked, ignoring both Lucy and Hagrid. "Answer me!" "A—a grindylow in a tank, wasn't it?" Harry said, bewildered. Remus let go of Harry, looking suddenly drained. "Wha' was tha' about?" Hagrid asked loudly. "I'm sorry, Harry, but I had to check," Remus said. "We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight, and the only people who could have told him were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impostor." "So why aren' yeh checkin' me?" Hagrid asked. "You're half-giant," Remus replied. "The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only." "None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were moving tonight," Harry said with certainty. "Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end; he didn't know which one I was in the beginning. If he'd been in on the plan, he'd have known from the start I was the one with Hagrid." "Voldemort caught up with you?" Remus asked. "What happened? How did you escape?" Harry explained everything that had happened between leaving his aunt's and uncle's house and arriving at the Burrow. "They recognized you?" Remus asked, frowning. "But how? What had you done?" "I…" Harry trailed off, concentrating for a moment. "I saw Stan Shunpike—you know, the bloke who was the conductor on the Knight Bus. And I tried to Disarm him instead of—well, he doesn't know what he's doing, does he? He must be Imperiused!" "Harry, the time for Disarming is past!" Remus said, almost impatiently. "These people are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you aren't prepared to kill!" "We were hundreds of feet up!" Harry argued. "Stan's not himself, and if I'd Stunned him and he'd fallen, he'd have died the same as if I'd used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus saved me from Voldemort two years ago." "Yes, Harry, and a great number of Death Eaters witnessed that happening!" Remus said. "Forgive me, but it was a very unusual move then under imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was close to suicidal!" "So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike?" Harry asked. "Of course not," Remus said, "but the Death Eaters—frankly, most people!—would have expected you to attack back! Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but the Death Eaters seem to think it is your signature move, and I urge you not to let it become so!" "I won't blast people out of my way just because they're there," Harry stated. "That's Voldemort's job." There was distraction then as Hagrid finally was able to pull himself into the kitchen. He sat down on a chair, which immediately broke beneath him. He mumbled his apologies under his breath. "Will George be okay?" Lucy spoke up. Remus looked over at her. "I think so," he said, "although there's no chance of replacing his ear—not when it's been cursed off—" There was a noise outside in the garden, and Remus lunged towards the back door. He threw it open and went out into the yard, followed by Lucy and Harry. Standing in the middle of the yard and looking windswept but otherwise unharmed, Kingsley and Hermione had just appeared, holding onto a wire hanger. Remus and Kingsley whipped their wands out, pointing them at each other, while Hermione ran forward and hugged Harry. "What were the last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?" Kingsley asked. "Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him," Remus replied. Kingsley then turned his wand towards Harry, but Remus quickly said, "It's him! I've checked!" "All right, all right!" Kingsley said, putting his wand away. "But somebody betrayed us! They knew! They knew it was tonight!" "So it seems," Remus agreed, "but apparently they did not realize there would be seven Harrys." "Small comfort!" Kingsley huffed. "Who else is back?" "Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and Remus," Lucy reported, now hugging Hermione tightly, who gave a little gasp at that news. "What happened to you?" Remus asked Kingsley. "Followed by five, injured two, might've killed one," Kingsley replied, "and we saw Voldemort, as well. He joined the chase halfway through, but vanished pretty quickly. Remus, he can—" "Fly," Harry said. "I saw him, too. He came after Hagrid and me." "So, that's why he left—to follow you!" Kingsley said. "I couldn't understand why he'd vanished. But what made him change targets?" "Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike," Remus said. "Stan?" Hermione asked. "But I thought he was in Azkaban.…" Kingsley laughed without humor. "Hermione, there's obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up," he said. "Travers's hood fell off when I cursed him; he's supposed to be inside, too. But what happened to you, Remus? Where's George?" "He's lost an ear," Remus answered. "Lost an—?" Hermione echoed, looking faint. "Snape's work," Remus added. "Snape?" Harry cried. "You didn't say—!" "He lost his hood during the chase," Remus said. "Sectumsempra was always a specialty of Snape's. I wish I could say I'd paid him back in kind, but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after he was injured; he was losing so much blood." Tears appeared in Lucy's eyes, but she brushed them away impatiently. George is all right—he's going to be all right. There was silence as Lucy stood with her arm around Hermione's shoulders. The five of them stared up at the sky, but there was no sign of the others. "Harry, give us a hand!" Lucy glanced over her shoulder to see Hagrid attempting to exit the Burrow again. Harry turned back to the house, grabbed Hagrid's hand, and helped him through the doorway. Then Harry disappeared into the house, while Hagrid joined them in the yard. "This wasn' how this nigh' was supposed ter happen," Hagrid said sorrowfully. Lucy glanced at Hermione, who had tears silently sliding down her cheeks. "He'll be okay," Lucy murmured to her friend. "He'll be back any minute—you'll see." Hermione sniffed but didn't reply, and Lucy knew she was thinking about Ron. There was a loud crack, disturbing the silence and making Lucy jump. Mr. Weasley and Fred had appeared just outside of the protective enchantments, and were now running into the garden, looking anxious. "We missed our Portkey," Mr. Weasley panted. "I hope we haven't alarmed anyone. We're fine." He looked around at the others gathered in the yard and asked, "What's happened?" "It's George," Remus said. "He's had an ear cursed off—" Without another word, Mr. Weasley and Fred sprinted for the house. Kingsley attempted to block them from entering, brandishing his wand at Mr. Weasley. "I'll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I've seen my son! Now back off, if you know what's good for you!" Mr. Weasley roared. He and Fred disappeared into the house, leaving Kingsley looking shocked at the back door. Lucy almost laughed. A moment later, Jeremy exited the house and joined Lucy, slipping his hand into hers. They, Hermione, Remus, and Hagrid went back to their watch of the sky. Kingsley continued pacing back and forth in front of them. A few minutes later, Lucy saw Harry and Ginny join them out of the corner of her eye. "How's George?" she whispered to Ginny. "He's awake," Ginny replied. "He'll be all right, but he'll always be missing his ear.… There's no way to fix that." It was another few minutes, but then there was a broom flying towards the ground. Lucy saw Tonks and Ron sitting astride it, and as soon as they got to the ground, they both stumbled off it. "Remus!" Tonks said, launching herself into Remus's arms. Ron, meanwhile, walked towards Lucy, Harry, Ginny, Hermione, and Jeremy. "You're okay," Ron said quietly, looking at Hermione in relief. Hermione jumped towards him and hugged him hard. "I thought—I thought—" she stammered. "'M all right," Ron said, returning the hug. "'M fine." "Ron was great," Tonks said. "Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters—straight to the head—and when you're aiming at a moving target from a flying broom—" "You did?" Hermione asked, still in Ron's arms. "Always the tone of surprise," Ron said, pulling away from her. "Are we the last back?" "No," Ginny said, "we're still waiting for Bill and Fleur, and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. I'm going to tell Mum and Dad you're okay, Ron—" She turned and went back into the house. "So what kept you? What happened?" Remus asked. "Bellatrix," Tonks replied. "She wants me quite as much as she wants Harry, Remus. She tried very hard to kill me. I just wish I'd got her; I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus.… Then we got to Ron's Auntie Muriel's, and we'd missed our Portkey, and she was fussing over us—" Remus nodded, although he looked unsatisfied, and Tonks looked around at the others in the yard, asking, "So, what happened to you lot?" Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley told Tonks about what had happened to them, while Lucy and Jeremy stared at the sky. "I'm going to have to get back to Downing Street. I should have been there an hour ago," Kingsley said eventually. "Let me know when they're back." Remus nodded, and Kingsley waved to all of them before leaving the yard. Then he Disapparated. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley exited the house then, hurrying towards Ron. They both hugged him. "Thank you," Mrs. Weasley said to Remus and Tonks, "for our sons." "Don't be silly, Molly," Tonks said. "How's George?" Remus asked. "What's wrong with him?" Ron questioned, frowning. Mr. Weasley began, "He's lost—" "Thestral!" Lucy exclaimed, pointing into the sky. The creature landed a few feet away, carrying Bill and Fleur. They slid off its back, and Mrs. Weasley rushed towards her eldest son. "Bill!" she said. "Thank God, thank God—!" Bill accepted the hug from his mother, but he looked over her shoulder, his eyes landing on his father. "Mad-Eye's dead," he stated. "No," Lucy breathed. Tears sprang to her eyes again; Moody couldn't be dead. "We saw it," Bill continued, and Fleur nodded from next to him. "It happened just after we broke out of the circle; Mad-Eye and Dung were close by us. They were heading north, too. You-Know-Who—he can fly—went straight for them. Dung panicked—I heard him cry out—Mad-Eye tried to stop him, but he Disapparated. You-Know-Who's curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face. He fell backward off his broom and—there was nothing we could do—nothing—we had half a dozen of them on our own tail—" "Of course you couldn't have done anything," Remus said gently. Nobody said anything after that. All they could do was exchange shocked looks. Then, one by one, they all went back into the Burrow; there was nobody left to wait for. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley led the way. Lucy and Jeremy followed Remus and Tonks into the living room, where Fred, George, and Sally-Anne were laughing. "What's wrong?" Fred asked immediately, noticing the looks on all their faces. "What's happened? Who's—?" "Mad-Eye," Mr. Weasley said. "Dead." Bill strode across the kitchen and pulled out a bottle of Firewhiskey. Then, with a wave of his wand, he filled a bunch of glasses and levitated them to everyone in the room. "Here," he said. Lucy caught her glass and held it up. Bill and the others held their glasses up, as well, and Bill said, "Mad-Eye." "Mad-Eye," Lucy echoed with the others before bringing the glass to her lips. "Mad-Eye," Hagrid croaked a second later. There was a moment of silence as everyone drank as much of their Firewhiskey as they wanted. "So, Mundungus disappeared?" Remus asked, his glass empty. Lucy froze; they had been wondering who had betrayed them. Was it possible that it was Mundungus? "I know what you're thinking," Bill said, "and I wondered that, too, on the way back here, because they seemed to be expecting us, didn't they? But Mundungus can't have betrayed us. They didn't know there would be seven Harrys; that confused them the moment we appeared, and in case you've forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skulduggery. Why wouldn't he have told them the essential part?" "To make us think that he didn't do it," Lucy said, shrugging. "Maybe," Bill said, "but I think Dung panicked; it's as simple as that. He didn't want to come in the first place, but Mad-Eye made him, and You-Know-Who went straight for them. It was enough to make anyone panic." "You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected him to," Tonks said. "Mad-Eye said he'd expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors. He chased Mad-Eye first, and when Mundungus gave them away, he switched to Kingsley—" "Yes, and zat eez all very good, but still, eet does not explain 'ow zey knew we were moving 'Arry tonight, does eet?" Fleur said. "Somebody must 'ave been careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze 'ole plan." There was a pause before Harry loudly said, "No." Everyone turned to look at him. Lucy frowned, confused by what he meant. "I mean… if somebody made a mistake and let something slip, I know they didn't mean to do it," Harry clarified. "It's not their fault. We've got to trust each other. I trust all of you. I don't think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort." "Well said, Harry," Fred spoke up. "Yeah, 'ear, 'ear," George added, smirking. "Are you seriously making ear puns right now?" Lucy asked exasperatedly, and George winked at her. "You think I'm a fool?" Harry asked, looking squarely at Remus. "No, I think you're like James," Remus replied, "who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends." He put his glass down, turning to Bill. "There's work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether—" "No, I'll do it. I'll come," Bill interrupted. "Where are you going?" Tonks and Fleur demanded. "Mad-Eye's body," Remus said. "We need to recover it." Mrs. Weasley started, "Can't it—?" "Wait?" Bill finished for her. "Not unless you'd rather the Death Eaters took it." Nobody knew what to say in response to that, so Bill and Remus stood and said their good-byes. "You'll be all right taking Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne back to the house with you, right?" Remus softly asked his wife. Tonks nodded, looking distraught. "Of course I can. Please, please be careful, Remus. I love you." "I love you, too," Remus replied, kissing her forehead. Then he and Bill had gone. "I've got to go, too," Harry said suddenly. "Don't be silly, Harry," Mrs. Weasley said. "What are you talking about?" "I can't stay here," Harry said, rubbing at his forehead where his lightning bolt-shaped scar was. Lucy looked at him suspiciously. "What do you mean?" she asked him. "You're all in danger while I'm here," Harry said. "I don't want—" "But don't be so silly!" Mrs. Weasley said. "The whole point of tonight was to get you here safely, and thank goodness it worked. And Fleur's agreed to get married here rather than in France! We've arranged everything, so that we can all stay together and look after you—" Harry started, "If Voldemort finds out I'm here—" "But why should he?" Mrs. Weasley cut him off. "There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry," Mr. Weasley added. "He's got no way of knowing which safe house you're in." "It's not me I'm worried for!" Harry snapped. "We know that," Mr. Weasley said, "but it would make our efforts tonight seem rather pointless if you left." "Yer not goin' anywhere," Hagrid said. "Blimey, Harry, after all we wen' through ter get yeh here?" "Yeah, what about my bleeding ear?" George quipped. Harry said, "I know that—" Tonks cut in, "Mad-Eye wouldn't want—" "I KNOW!" Harry shouted. Lucy moved forward swiftly, putting a hand on his shoulder. "Just stop and think for a minute," she said. "You're not of age yet. As soon as you perform magic, the Ministry is going to be all over you. At least stay here until your birthday. Please?" Harry looked at her, the anger in his eyes slowly calming. "Where's Hedwig, Harry?" Mrs. Weasley asked. "We can put her up with Pigwidgeon and give her something to eat." Harry didn't answer her; instead, he drank the rest of the Firewhiskey in his glass. "Wait 'til it gets out yeh did it again, Harry," Hagrid said. "Escaped him—fought 'im off, when he was righ' on top o' yeh!" "It wasn't me," Harry said. "It was my wand. My wand acted of its own accord." There was a stunned silence. "But that's impossible, Harry," Hermione said. "You mean that you did magic without meaning to; you reacted instinctively." "No," Harry said. "The bike was falling. I couldn't have told you where Voldemort was, but my wand spun in my hand, found him, and shot a spell at him, and it wasn't even a spell I recognized. I've never made golden flames appear before." "Often when you're in a pressured situation, you can produce magic you never dreamed of," Mr. Weasley said. "Small children often find, before they're trained—" "It wasn't like that," Harry said, wincing. He muttered about needing some fresh air and stomped out of the room. "Hermione, Ron," Lucy said immediately. "C'mon." Hermione and Ron stood up and followed Lucy from the room. They went out into the yard. Ron started, "Where—?" "There he is," Hermione said, pointing to the garden gate. Harry was standing very still. Lucy, Hermione, and Ron hurried over to him. "Harry?" Hermione asked when they neared him. Harry turned around to look at them. "Harry, come back in the house," Lucy said. "You aren't still thinking about leaving, are you?" "Yeah, you've got to stay, mate," Ron said. "Are you all right?" Hermione asked, looking closely at Harry. "You look awful!" "Well, I probably look better than Ollivander…" Harry said. He took a breath and told them that he had seen into Voldemort's mind, and that Voldemort had been threatening Ollivander for giving him wrong information. "But it was supposed to have stopped!" Hermione gasped when Harry had finished. "Your scar—it wasn't supposed to do this anymore! You mustn't let that connection open up again—Dumbledore wanted you to close your mind!" Harry didn't answer, and she grabbed his arm. "Harry, he's taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and half the Wizarding world! Don't let him inside your head, too!" "Come back inside," Lucy repeated. "It makes no sense to leave now. C'mon." Harry nodded wordlessly, and the four went back into the house. ~LJ:TW~ Inside, there was a grief-filled silence. Everyone was mourning the loss of such an important soldier in the war. It felt like they were losing people left and right, and Voldemort and his followers hadn't even taken over the Ministry yet. Lucy sat on the floor between Sally-Anne and Jeremy. She was holding one of Sally-Anne's hands and leaning her head against Jeremy's shoulder. Eventually, Tonks stood up and walked over to Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy. "We should probably go home," she said, her voice sounding rough. She'd been one of Moody's last protégées in the Auror office. Sally-Anne and Jeremy agreed. "Is it—would it be okay if I stayed here for the night?" Lucy asked. "I'm worried about Harry." "I—I guess so," Tonks said. "I'll talk to Mrs. Weasley about it," Lucy said. "I'll just have someone Apparate me home sometime tomorrow morning." Tonks merely nodded, and Lucy walked into the kitchen where Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were sitting at the table. They both had a cup of tea in front of them, but Lucy had a strong suspicion that they were spiked with Firewhiskey. "Mrs. Weasley?" Lucy asked softly. "Mr. Weasley?" They both looked up at her. "Is everything all right, dear?" Mrs. Weasley asked. "Yes," Lucy answered. "I was wondering if I could spend the night here. I'm worried about Harry, and it would make me feel better if I was here tonight." "Of course you can stay here, dear," Mrs. Weasley said. "Arthur will get an extra cot put up in Ginny's room for you. Do Sally-Anne and Jeremy need to stay, too?" "No, they're going to go home with Tonks," Lucy replied. "Thanks, Mrs. Weasley." Walking back over to Tonks, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy, Lucy let them know that it was all right with the Weasleys for her to stay the night. "Are you sure?" Tonks asked. "Yes," Lucy said. "I just feel like I need to be here tonight." She gave Tonks and Sally-Anne each a hug before wrapping her arms around Jeremy and squeezing him hard. "Fair warning, I may enjoy having the bed to myself too much if you don't come home," Jeremy joked with a chuckle. "I'll push you out of it if I want to," Lucy shot back before giving him a swift kiss. "I love you." "Love you, too," Jeremy said. "I'll see you tomorrow." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: This was basically the original start to this story. There was a little intro, and then the story kicked off with Harry's rescue. I'm really happy that I changed my mind about that and added on the first two chapters. Moody yelling at Lucy when she sticks her tongue out at him... that makes me giggle. Also George making ear puns already.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 4 – Some of the Plan The next morning, Lucy woke up on an extra cot in Ginny's room. As she sat up, she noticed Hermione stuffing clothing into a bag. "What's that?" Lucy asked, her voice slightly groggy. "It's a handbag for us to take with us," Hermione replied, showing it to Lucy. "I've put an Undetectable Extension Charm on it, so that more things can fit inside, and we'll only need to carry this one thing. I think I've done it right. Anyway, I'm glad you're awake. Next time you come over to the Burrow, bring me any clothes that you want me to pack for you, okay?" "Sure," Lucy said through a yawn. "But I've been thinking about something." "What's that?" Hermione prompted. "I've got plenty of room in the bag. Don't worry if you feel like you're packing too much. I just think it wouldn't hurt to be prepared." "No, it's not that, and I agree with you about being prepared," Lucy said. "It's just—now that I'm living with Remus and Tonks, I'm not around all the time. So if, for whatever reason, you, Harry, and Ron need to leave suddenly… don't worry about leaving me behind." Hermione dropped her bag in shock, and it made a louder thump than it seemed like it should have. "What do you mean?" she asked. "We couldn't leave you behind!" Lucy smiled at her friend. "I appreciate the sentiment, but this Horcrux hunt is more important than making sure that all four of us are together. Besides, I only mean this if there's some kind of emergency." "Are you sure about this?" Hermione asked. "Yes," Lucy said. "I want Voldemort gone just as much as everyone else. But you have to promise me that, if you have to leave without me, you're going to stay with Harry." "Of course I will," Hermione said. "I mean it," Lucy said firmly, looking Hermione straight in the eyes. "Promise me that no matter what happens, you'll stay with him. I know he thinks he can do this on his own, but he needs someone." "I promise," Hermione said. There was a knock on the bedroom door. "Good morning, girls," Mrs. Weasley said, sticking her head into the room. "Oh, good, you're already awake. I have breakfast ready downstairs." "I'll be down soon," Lucy said. "I just need to change out of my pajamas." "That's a good girl," Mrs. Weasley said, sounding distracted. "Come along, Hermione." She left the room, and Hermione looked around at Lucy, who shrugged. Mrs. Weasley had a good reason to be stressed out; Bill's and Fleur's wedding would be taking place in the garden in a week. ~LJ:TW~ Down in the kitchen, Lucy sat next to Harry at the table. "How are you feeling this morning?" she asked. "I'm fine, Lucy," Harry replied. "I know you're worried about me, but you really don't need to be. I can look after myself." "I know you can," Lucy said. "If we're being honest, I was more worried that you were going to try and sneak out in the middle of the night. I'm glad you didn't." "Yeah, well, you were right," Harry said. "I won't be able to get very far when I can't do magic. But after Bill's and Fleur's wedding, I need to get out of here." He lowered his voice and continued, "I need to start looking for Horcruxes. That's the job Dumbledore left me to do, and I'm the only one who can do it." "I know," Lucy said, lightly squeezing his wrist reassuringly. ~LJ:TW~ After breakfast, Fred offered to take Lucy home by Side-Along Apparition. "You're all coming for the wedding, right?" Fred asked after they had Apparated into the woods outside her cabin. "Yes," Lucy confirmed, nodding. "I'll probably be over again in a few days—I'm sure there will be another Order meeting sometime this week." "We'll see you in a few days, then," Fred said with a grin. Then he took a couple steps back from her, turned on the spot, and vanished with a crack. Lucy went into the house. Sally-Anne was the only person in the sitting room, leafing through a copy of Witch Weekly. "Morning," Lucy greeted her. "Morning," Sally-Anne echoed. "You've missed breakfast, but I think there's some tea left, if you want any." "I'm good," Lucy said. "Mrs. Weasley made us all breakfast. That poor woman is very stressed out about this wedding business. I hope that when I get married, it won't be as stressful." "Knowing Mrs. Weasley, she'll probably get stressed out for you," Sally-Anne said. "Besides, you and Jeremy wouldn't have an elaborate wedding in the middle of the war, would you?" It took Lucy a few seconds before she'd realized that Sally-Anne had implied that she was going to marry Jeremy. Her face flushed. "Who says I'm going to marry Jeremy?" she demanded. "Um, your face nearly every time you look at him," Sally-Anne deadpanned. "Lucy." Jeremy had just exited from their bedroom, and his smile grew as he gazed at her. "Thank you for making my point," Sally-Anne said smugly. "Also, I was here first—you two need to go make goo-goo eyes at each other in some other room or outside." "Shut up," Lucy said with a roll of her eyes. "Oh, did Remus ever make it back last night?" "Yeah, but it was really late," Sally-Anne reported. "We saw him this morning over breakfast, and he said that he and Bill never found Moody's body." "It's hard to believe he's gone," Lucy said. "Of all the people I imagined losing, Moody was never one of them. He was taking over for Dumbledore.…" Jeremy had walked across the room and was standing in front of Lucy. "The Order will be all right," he said, brushing some of Lucy's hair away from her face. "They've still got plenty of fighters. This war is just starting." "That's what worries me," Lucy said, biting her lip. "It's only just getting serious, and we've already lost Dumbledore and Moody. Not to mention that, day by day, Voldemort is taking over the Ministry." "Everything will be okay, Lucy," Jeremy said, hugging her tightly. "We'll beat him." "But how many people will we lose first?" Lucy asked. ~LJ:TW~ "We're going to put a Fidelius Charm on this house," Remus announced that night when they had all gathered for dinner. The potatoes fell from Lucy's fork as she stared at her uncle. "Do you really think that's necessary, Remus?" Tonks asked, looking worried. "With all the intelligence that we've gathered, we're not sure how long the Ministry is going to last," Remus said. "The other Order safe houses are known about… this one isn't. And I don't want to chance it being found, especially if…" "If what?" Lucy prompted. Remus sighed and finished, "Especially if you're going to be here, Lucy." "Who's going to be Secret Keeper?" Jeremy asked. "I was just going to do it myself," Remus said. "Kingsley is going to help me set it up, but we will be putting it on the house within the next couple days." ~LJ:TW~ A few nights later, Lucy found herself at the Burrow again for dinner. Harry had asked Mr. Weasley why the Burrow had become headquarters for the Order, and Mr. Weasley told him that after Dumbledore died, the position of Secret Keeper had shifted to everyone whom he'd told the secret. "And as there are so many of us, that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm," Mr. Weasley explained. "Many more opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody. We can't expect it to hold much longer." "But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the address by now," Harry assumed. "Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape, in case he turns up there again," Mr. Weasley said. "We hope they'll be strong enough both to keep him out and to bind his tongue if he tries to talk about the place, but we can't be sure. It would have been insane to keep using the place as headquarters now that its protection has become so shaky." There was a large group of people crowded around the table in the Burrow's kitchen. There had been a meeting that evening, and Lucy had opted to stay for dinner with the Weasleys. "No news about Moody?" Lucy asked Bill. "Nothing," Bill reported. "The Daily Prophet hasn't said a word about him dying or about finding the body, but that doesn't mean much. It's keeping a lot quiet these days." "And they still haven't called a hearing about all the underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters?" Harry asked, looking at Mr. Weasley, who shook his head. "Because they know I had no choice, or because they don't want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?" "The latter, I think," Mr. Weasley answered. "Scrimgeour doesn't want to admit that You-Know-Who is as powerful as he is, nor that Azkaban's seen a mass breakout." "Yeah, why tell the public the truth?" Harry said sarcastically. "Isn't anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him?" Ron asked. "Of course, Ron, but people are terrified," Mr. Weasley said. "Terrified that they will be next to disappear, or their children the next to be attacked! There are nasty rumors going around; I, for one, don't believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. She hasn't been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile, Scrimgeour remains shut up in his office all day; I just hope he's working on a plan." Mrs. Weasley took the next silence to levitate the desserts onto the table. "We must decide 'ow you will be disguised, 'Arry," Fleur began. When Harry looked at her questioningly, she clarified, "For ze wedding. Of course, none of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey 'ave 'ad champagne." "Yes, good point," Mrs. Weasley said. She was looking at a very long list of chores that needed to get done before the wedding. "Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?" "Why?" Ron cried. "Why does my room have to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with it the way it is!" Mrs. Weasley scolded, "We are holding your brother's wedding here in a few days' time, young man—" "And are they getting married in my bedroom?" Ron asked. "No! So why, in the name of Merlin's saggy left—" "Don't talk to your mother like that," Mr. Weasley stepped in swiftly, "and do as you're told." Ron, looking angry, went back to his dessert. "I can help," Harry volunteered. "Some of it's my mess." "No, Harry, dear, I'd much rather you helped Arthur muck out the chickens," Mrs. Weasley said, "and Hermione, I'd be ever so grateful if you'd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know they're arriving at eleven tomorrow morning." ~LJ:TW~ After dinner, Lucy slipped up the stairs before Mrs. Weasley could acknowledge that she was still at the house. She went up to Ron's room and sat down cross-legged on Harry's bed. "Aren't you going to clean your room?" she asked Ron. "No," Ron said defiantly. He laid down on his bed. "So why was your mom so adamant that you, Hermione, and Harry be split up?" Lucy asked. "Noticed that, did you?" Ron said. "Mum knows that we're planning on leaving after the wedding and not returning to school. She seems to think that if she keeps us apart, we can't make any plans to leave." "There may not be a school to return to," Lucy said. "They still haven't sent out our letters." "They have so many teachers to replace, too," Hermione said, entering the room with an armful of books. "Weren't you supposed to be changing sheets somewhere?" Ron asked. "Yes, but Ginny and I did it yesterday," Hermione said dismissively. "I took my chance to come up here when I could. Anyway, do you really think they might close Hogwarts this year?" "I'm sure they'll try their hardest to keep it open," Lucy said. "But we'll need a headmaster or headmistress, a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and apparently a Muggle Studies teacher. If McGonagall gets the headmistress position, then they're also going to need a Transfiguration professor." "The one year that Snape finally won't be there, and neither will we," Ron complained. "Too bad Moody couldn't come back and teach Defense Against the Dark Arts." "He never taught us anyway," Hermione shot back. She had sat down in the corner with a large pile of books and was now sorting through them. "I can't believe they haven't found his body yet," Lucy said. "It's a shame that we haven't been able to hold a proper funeral for him." "You know, I've been thinking…" Ron said. "What if he's not really dead?" "I thought he got hit with a Killing Curse," Lucy commented. "Well, that's what Bill says," Ron said, "but he was in the middle of a battle. Maybe he saw it wrong." Hermione began, "But he fell—" The bedroom door swung open, interrupting her. Ron shot to his feet. "I'm doing it! I'm doing—!" he exclaimed before noticing that it was Harry standing in the doorway. "Oh, it's you." Harry crossed the room to his bed and sat down on it next to Lucy. "Hi, Harry," Hermione said from her corner. "And how did you manage to get away?" Harry asked. "Oh, Ron's mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday," Hermione replied. "We were just talking about Mad-Eye," Ron said. "I reckon he might have survived." "But Bill saw him hit by the Killing Curse," Harry said. "Yeah, but Bill was under attack, too," Ron said. "How can he be sure what he saw?" "Even if the Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye still fell about a thousand feet," Hermione said. "He was a good wizard," Lucy said. "Maybe he used something to help slow his fall—" "Fleur said his wand was blasted out of his hand," Harry pointed out. "Well, all right, if you want him to be dead," Ron said. "Of course we don't want him to be dead!" Hermione gasped. "It's dreadful that he's dead, but we're trying to be realistic!" "The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves," Ron said. "That's why no one's found him." "Yeah," Harry agreed. "Like Barty Crouch—turned into a bone and buried in Hagrid's front garden. They probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him—" "Don't!" Hermione said before she began to cry. "Harry!" Lucy scolded. "Oh, no," Harry said. "Hermione, I wasn't trying to upset—" But it was Ron who reached Hermione first, pulling a dirty-looking handkerchief from his pocket as he put his arm around her shoulders. He took his wand out and muttered, "Tergeo." Then he handed the cloth over to Hermione. "Oh… thanks, Ron…" Hermione sniffed, taking it from her. "I'm sorry.…" She blew her nose into the handkerchief. "It's just so awf-ful, isn't it? R-right after Dumbledore.… I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying, somehow—he seemed so tough!" "Yeah, I know," Ron said to Hermione. "But you know what he'd say to us if he was here?" "C-constant vigilance," Hermione answered. "That's right," Ron said. "He'd tell us to learn from what happened to him. And what I've learned is not to trust that cowardly little squit Mundungus." Hermione laughed, and Lucy glanced at Harry to see him watching the other two with a curious look on his face. Then Hermione went back to her stack of books. She picked up one particular book, but it slipped from her hand and fell to the floor. The belt from around it slid off, and the book sprang to life. The Monster Book of Monsters started to bite at Ron's ankle, and he leapt away with a shout. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" Hermione said. Harry pounced on the book and managed to get the belt back around it. "What are you doing with all those books, anyway?" Lucy asked. "Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," Hermione said. "When we're looking for Horcruxes." "Oh, of course," Ron said, who had returned to his bed. "I forgot we'll be hunting down You-Know-Who in a mobile library." "Ha, ha," Hermione said sarcastically, looking at another book. "I wonder… will we need to translate runes? It's possible.… I think we'd better take it, to be safe." She added the book to one of the piles and then picked up her copy of Hogwarts: A History. "Listen," Harry began, "I know you said after Dumbledore's funeral that you wanted to come with me—" "Here he goes," Ron muttered. "As we knew he would," Hermione said. "You know, I think I will take Hogwarts: A History. Even if we're not going back there, I don't think I'd feel right if I didn't have it with—" "Listen!" Harry snapped. "No, Harry, you listen," Hermione said. "We're coming with you. That was decided months ago—years, really." Harry said, "But—" "Shut up," Ron tried to stop him. "—are you sure you've thought this through?" Harry asked anyway. "Let's see," Hermione said, dropping one of Gilderoy Lockhart's books unceremoniously into her reject pile. "I've been packing for days, so we're ready to leave at a moment's notice—which, for your information, has included doing some pretty difficult magic—not to mention smuggling Mad-Eye's whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron's mum's nose. "I've also modified my parents' memories, so that they're convinced they're really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that their life's ambition is to move to Australia, which they have now done. That's to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me—or you, because unfortunately, I've told them quite a bit about you. Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes, I'll find Mum and Dad once this is all over and lift the enchantment. If I don't—well, I think I've cast a good enough charm to keep them safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins don't know that they've got a daughter, you see." Ron got off his bed once more and moved over to Hermione, putting his arm around her. She wiped the tears from her eyes. "I—Hermione, I'm sorry," Harry said. "I didn't—" "Didn't realize that we know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you?" Hermione finished for him. "Well, we do. Ron, show Harry what you've done." "Nah, he's just eaten," Ron said. "Go on," Lucy said, intrigued herself. She had no idea what Ron had done. "He needs to know." "Oh, all right," Ron sighed. "Harry, come here." He stood up and moved to the door of his bedroom. "C'mon," he added, and Harry hesitantly rose from his cot. Lucy got up, as well, and followed the boys out onto the landing. "Where are we going?" Harry asked. "Descendo," Ron said, pointing his wand towards the ceiling. A door appeared, popping open, and a ladder tumbled down. A foul stench followed it, and Lucy felt her nose wrinkling against it. "That's your ghoul, isn't it?" Harry asked. "Yeah, it is," Ron replied. He started up the ladder. "Come and have a look at him." Lucy and Harry followed Ron into the attic. It was a very small space. As soon as Lucy poked her head into the room, she saw a creature lying on the floor, asleep. "But it—it looks—do ghouls normally wear pajamas?" Harry asked. "No," Ron said. "Nor have they usually got red hair or that number of pustules." Lucy and Harry stared at the creature for a few more moments before Ron said, "He's me, see?" "Not really," Lucy said. "I'll explain it back in my room," Ron said. "The smell's getting to me." Lucy descended the ladder first, followed by Harry and Ron. They went back into Ron's room, where Hermione was still sorting through her pile of books. "Once we've left, the ghoul's going to come and live down here in my room," Ron explained. "I think he's really looking forward to it—well, it's hard to tell, because all he can do is moan and drool—but he nods a lot when you mention it. Anyway, he's going to be me with spattergroit. Good, eh?" "It's not bad," Lucy supplied as Harry stared speechlessly at Ron. "Right!" Ron said. "Look, when we don't turn up at Hogwarts again, everyone's going to think we must be with you, right? Which means the Death Eaters will go straight for our families to see if they've got information on where you are." "But, hopefully, it'll look like I've gone away with Mum and Dad," Hermione said. "A lot of Muggleborns are talking about going into hiding at the moment." "We can't hide my whole family; it'll look too fishy, and they can't leave their jobs," Ron said. "So we're going to put out the story that I'm seriously ill with spattergroit, which is why I can't go back to school. If anyone comes calling to investigate, Mum or Dad can show them the ghoul in my bed, covered in pustules. Spattergroit's really contagious, so they're not going to want to go near him. It won't matter that he can't say anything, either, because apparently you can't speak once the fungus has spread to your uvula." "And your mum and dad are in on this plan?" Harry asked. "Dad is," Ron replied. "He helped Fred and George transform the ghoul. Mum… well, you've seen what she's like. She won't accept we're going 'til we've gone." "What about you, Lucy?" Harry asked, sounding curious and turning to his sister. "What about your parents?" "Well, according to the Order, Voldemort's not interested in places abroad; at least, not yet," Lucy said. "They may be the adoptive parents of Harry Potter's twin sister, but I don't think that Voldemort will waste time tracking them down if they're in America. Still, to be on the cautious side, they've gone into hiding in a safe house." The four of them quieted for a moment, but they could hear Mrs. Weasley shouting from somewhere below them. "Ginny's probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring," Ron said. "I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding." "Fleur's sister's going to be a bridesmaid," Lucy said. "She needs to be here for the rehearsal, and she's too young to come on her own." "Well, guests aren't going to help Mum's stress level," Ron commented. "What we really need to decide," Hermione said, "is where we're going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godric's Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but—well—shouldn't we make the Horcruxes our priority?" "If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I'd agree with you," Harry said. "Don't you think there's a possibility that Voldemort's keeping a watch on Godric's Hollow?" Hermione pressed. "He might expect you to go back and visit your parents' graves once you're free to go wherever you like." Harry opened his mouth, paused, and then shut it again. "This R.A.B. person," Ron spoke up. "You know, the one who stole the real locket?" Lucy and Hermione nodded for him to go on, and he said, "It said in his note he was going to destroy it, didn't he?" Harry rummaged through his bag for a moment before pulling the fake Horcrux out. He opened it and took out a folded up slip of parchment. "I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can," he read aloud. "Well, what if he did finish it off?" Ron asked. "Or she," Lucy muttered. "Whichever," Ron said. "It'd be one less for us to do!" "Yes, but we're still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren't we?" Hermione said. "To find out whether or not it's destroyed." "And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux?" Ron asked. "Well, I've been researching that," Hermione said. "How?" Lucy and Harry wondered at the same time. Harry added, "I didn't think there were any books on Horcruxes left in the library." "There weren't," Hermione said, flushing slightly. "Dumbledore removed them all, but he—he didn't destroy them." "How in the name of Merlin's pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?" Ron asked. "It—it wasn't stealing!" Hermione insisted. "They were still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken them off the shelves. Anyway, if he really didn't want anyone to get at them, I'm sure he would have made it much harder to—" "Hermione, it's okay," Lucy said. "Just tell us how you got them." "Well… it was easy," Hermione said. "I just did a Summoning Charm. You know—Accio. And—and they zoomed out of Dumbledore's study window and right into the girls' dormitory." "But when did you do this?" Harry asked. "Just before his—Dumbledore's—funeral," Hermione answered. "Right before we agreed we'd leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. It occurred to me that the more we knew about them, the better it would be… and I was alone in there—our dorm… so I tried… and it worked! They flew straight in through the open window, and I—I packed them." She looked at the other three in turn before adding, "I can't believe Dumbledore would have been angry. It's not as though we're going to use the information to make a Horcrux, is it?" "Can you hear us complaining?" Ron said. "Where are these books, anyway?" Hermione went through her pile of books before pulling out a large, old-looking one. She held it up, so the others could see it, although she looked frightened to even be touching it. "This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux," she explained. "Secrets of the Darkest Art—it's a horrible book—really awful—full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library.… If he didn't do it until he was headmaster, I bet Voldemort got all the instruction he needed from here." "Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, if he'd already read that?" Lucy asked. "He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven," Harry explained. "Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about them. I think you're right, Hermione; that could easily have been where he got the information." "And the more I've read about them," Hermione continued, "the more horrible they seem, and the less I can believe that he actually made six. It warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping it, and that's just by making one Horcrux!" "Isn't there any way of putting yourself back together?" Ron asked. "Yes," Hermione replied, "but it would be excruciatingly painful." "Why?" Harry asked. "How do you do it?" "Remorse," Hermione said. "You've got to really feel what you've done. There's a footnote. Apparently, the pain of it can destroy you. I can't see Voldemort attempting it, somehow, can you?" "No," Ron said. "So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book?" "Yes," Hermione said, opening the book, "because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them. From all that I've read, what Harry did to Riddle's diary was one of the few really foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux." "What, stabbing it with a basilisk fang?" Harry asked. "Oh, well, lucky we've got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then," Ron said. "I was wondering what we were going to do with them." "Ron," Lucy sighed with a roll of her eyes. "It doesn't have to be a basilisk fang," Hermione said patiently. "It has to be something so destructive that the Horcrux won't repair itself. Basilisk venom only has one antidote, and it's incredibly rare—" "—phoenix tears," Harry cut in. "Exactly," Hermione said. "Our problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom, and they're all dangerous to carry around with you. That's a problem we're going to have to solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or crushing a Horcrux won't do the trick. You've got to put it beyond magical repair." "But even if we wreck the thing it lives in, why can't the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else?" Ron asked. "Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being," Hermione answered. Harry and Ron exchanged confused looks, and Lucy asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, if I picked up a sword right now and, say, ran Ron through with it, it wouldn't damage his soul at all," Hermione said. "Which would be a real comfort to me, I'm sure," Ron muttered. "It should be, actually!" Hermione said. "My point is that, whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched. But it's the other way 'round with a Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside it depends on its container—its enchanted body—for survival. It can't exist without it." "That diary sort of died when I stabbed it," Harry said thoughtfully. "And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soul trapped in it could no longer exist," Hermione said. "Hang on," Ron said. "The bit of soul in that diary was possessing Ginny, wasn't it? How does that work, then?" "While the magical container is still intact, the bit of soul inside it can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object. I don't mean holding it for too long—it's nothing to do with touching it," Hermione went on before Ron could interrupt. "I mean close emotionally. Ginny poured her heart out into that diary; she made herself incredibly vulnerable. You're in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux." "I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring?" Harry mused aloud. "Why didn't I ask him? I never really…" He trailed off, looking troubled. "You weren't expecting him to die," Lucy said soothingly. "You couldn't have known that you should have asked him how he destroyed it." Suddenly, Ron's bedroom door swung open and slammed against the wall. Lucy jumped, and Hermione shrieked. Ron immediately got off his bed, slipped on a Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked into the wall. Harry pulled his wand from his pocket and pointed it to the doorway. But it was only Mrs. Weasley, who was looking livid. "I'm so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering," she said. "I'm sure you all need your rest… but there are wedding presents stacked in my room that need sorting out, and I was under the impression that you had agreed to help." "Oh, yes," Hermione said, quickly getting to her feet and knocking over her books in the process, "we will.… We're sorry.…" Mrs. Weasley turned on her heel and disappeared from the doorway. Hermione hurried after her after a terrified look at Lucy, Harry, and Ron. "We should go down, as well," Harry said. "I think I'll be heading home, then," Lucy said. "I'll see you in two days, yeah?" "Yeah," Harry agreed, as Ron said, "See you." The boys scampered from the room, hurrying down the stairs to join Hermione. Lucy followed at a slower pace. When she reached the main floor of the Burrow, she found the twins in the sitting room with their father. "I need a favor," Lucy sang. George looked up, smirking at her. Lucy glanced at his missing ear; it was still so odd to see him without a second ear. His head looked a bit unbalanced now. "You need to be Apparated?" George asked. "Yes, please," Lucy confirmed. George got to his feet with a heavy, exaggerated sigh. "I suppose I can take you home," he said. Lucy giggled and shook her head at him. "I'll see you in a few days," she said to Fred and Mr. Weasley. They said their farewells, and Lucy followed George out of the house. They walked through the garden and passed through the gate before George stopped. He held his arm out. "Ready?" he asked. Lucy nodded, taking hold of his arm. George turned on the spot, and Lucy was plunged into the darkness that was Apparition. ~LJ:TW~ A second later, they appeared in the very familiar wood that surrounded her cabin. Lucy grinned up at George. "Thank you, sir," she said. "No problem," George replied. "See you in two days." Lucy nodded again before turning and heading into the yard. She heard the crack of George Disapparating just before she entered the house. "Welcome back," Jeremy said, smiling widely. He had been sitting in the living room, reading the Daily Prophet. Lucy went over to him and kissed his cheek. "Where's everyone else?" she asked. "In their rooms, I think," Jeremy said. "How is it at the Weasleys?" "Hectic and stressful," Lucy replied. "Mrs. Weasley wants this wedding to go off without a hitch, which I'm sure that it will. The Delacours are arriving tomorrow." Jeremy nodded. "I suppose it is getting late," he said. "I think I'll head off to bed in a few minutes. You should, too. You look tired." He frowned in concern as he reached out and traced the circles under Lucy's eyes. "I've been having nightmares," Lucy admitted. "It's been happening all summer." "Is there anything I can do?" Jeremy asked. "No," Lucy said. "I'm just anxious about the future. But anyway, you're right—it is getting late. Let's go to bed." She offered him her hand. "If you're sure," Jeremy said. He took her hand and pulled himself off the couch. The two of them checked the locks on the doors before putting out the lanterns and going to their room. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Lucy's and Hermione's conversation at the beginning of the chapter is important, but it's different than what it used to be. I'll explain further in a later chapter. I had to acknowledge Lucy's adoptive parents somewhere in this story, and I figured this would be the best place. Like Lucy said, Voldemort probably wouldn't bother hunting them down; it would take too much time and effort for a pair of people who aren't very close to Harry anyway.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 5 – Seventeen Lucy was awoken on her seventeenth birthday with nuzzling cuddles. Jeremy showered the right side of her face with soft kisses, his arms wound tightly around her. Lucy hummed contentedly and blinked her eyes open. "Good morning," Jeremy whispered against her ear. "Happy birthday. I love you." "I love you, too," Lucy replied, wriggling around in his arms until she was facing him. "I got you a present," Jeremy said. "Do you want to open it now?" "No," Lucy answered, snuggling deeper into his chest. "I'm too comfortable right now, and I don't want you to go anywhere." Jeremy chuckled. "I guess I can't argue with that," he sighed. "I would like to stay in bed with you, as well." They didn't get their wish; not five minutes later, there was a knock at their bedroom door. "Are you two doing the nasty in there?" Sally-Anne asked. "Merlin's tit," Lucy said, rolling her eyes. Then she raised her voice and called back, "No, but give us a minute." "Don't tell me you're going to let her in here," Jeremy groaned. Lucy shimmied her way out of his arms and rolled off the bed. Looking around at the pile of clothes on the ground, she threw Jeremy one of his shirts and a pair of shorts. Then she found herself some sweatpants and pulled them on. "Please put your clothes on," Lucy asked her boyfriend sweetly. "The sooner we see what she wants, the sooner we can get back to our morning cuddles." She winked. Jeremy complied, getting up to put his shirt and shorts on. Then he plopped back down on the bed and gestured to Lucy that he was ready. Lucy opened the door and found Sally-Anne waiting in the hall with a wrapped box in her hands. "Happy seventeenth!" she announced. She threw her arms around Lucy and gave her a squeeze. Then, after pulling back, she held out the present and said, "Here you go! Go on—open it!" Lucy did as her friend asked, smirking. She opened the box and pulled out a bottle of lavender lotion. "Thanks, Sally-Anne," she said, giving the other girl another hug. "No problem," Sally-Anne answered. "I know that you've been having problems with nightmares, and the scent of lavender is supposed to be calming. I figured it would be worth a try. Anyway, I suppose I'll let you two get back to whatever it was you were doing." "We weren't doing anything," Lucy said with a shrug. "Yet!" Jeremy added. "Cheeky," Lucy warned teasingly. "All right, all right! I'm going!" Sally-Anne said, and then she was gone. Lucy shut the door and went back to the bed. She put Sally-Anne's present on the bedside table and then straddled Jeremy's lap. "What did you want to do now?" Jeremy asked, his hands settling on her hips. "I don't know," Lucy murmured. "What did you have in mind?" Jeremy waggled his eyebrows at her before hugging her to his chest and rolling her over onto the bed. ~LJ:TW~ "That was—very enjoyable," Lucy said as she and Jeremy laid naked on their bed. "So, a good start to the day?" Jeremy asked. Lucy nodded, and Jeremy said, "Good. Because the fun doesn't stop here." He sat up, reached into the drawer in his bedside table, and pulled out a small box. Lucy sat up, as well, and Jeremy placed the box on her knee. "Ooh, what's in it?" Lucy asked. "Open it and find out," Jeremy chuckled. So Lucy did. She tore the paper off and pulled off the lid. She had been expecting another charm for the bracelet that he'd given her for Christmas during their second year at Hogwarts, but instead there was a necklace nestled into the tissue paper. From the silver chain hung an infinity symbol. Lucy lifted it from the box and let it dangle from her fingers, and she held it up, so she could look more closely at the charm. "It's beautiful," she commented. "Why the infinity?" "I just liked it," Jeremy replied with a shrug. "Well, I suppose it's kind of a promise, too." Lucy cocked her head at him curiously, and he continued, "It's my promise to you that no matter what happens in this war—no matter what happens for the rest of our lives—I will always love you." Lucy felt her eyes fill with tears, but they were happy tears. She smiled at her boyfriend and said, "Thank you. I love you, too—so much." Their lips met in a tender kiss. "Can you help me put it on?" Lucy asked after they'd pulled apart. Jeremy nodded, and Lucy handed him the necklace. Then she gathered her hair up in her fists so that Jeremy could hook the necklace together behind her neck. Once he was finished, Lucy let her hair fall back down. "Thank you," Lucy repeated. "I have one more birthday surprise for you," Jeremy said. "Let's get dressed, and I'll show you." ~LJ:TW~ Once they were dressed and presentable, Lucy and Jeremy went out into the sitting room. Tonks, Remus, and Sally-Anne were all there. "Happy birthday!" Remus and Tonks chorused. "Thanks," Lucy said with a grin. Tonks hopped up from her seat and handed Lucy a present before kissing her on the cheek. "Just a little something from Remus and me," she said. "You didn't have to get me anything," Lucy said, "but thank you." She opened the box and pulled out a box of chocolate frogs. "This is the best! Thanks again." She gave Tonks a hug and then hurried over to Remus to embrace him, as well. "There's one more thing," Jeremy spoke up from behind her. "Something we all wanted to give you." "What's that?" Lucy asked. Sally-Anne stepped forward and guided Lucy over to the kitchen table. Lucy sat obediently, and Tonks brought her a covered plate. Once she set the plate in front of Lucy, she pulled the lid off. On the plate was a stack of French toast, the breakfast Lucy's adoptive mother always made her when she was younger. More happy tears welled up in Lucy's eyes, and she said, "This—This is so nice. I love you all so much. Thank you." She paused and added, "Are you all going to eat, as well?" "Of course," Remus said, producing plates of eggs, bacon, and toast for the rest of them. Tonks waved her wand, and the table set itself. She, Remus, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy took their places, and they all enjoyed their breakfasts. ~LJ:TW~ About an hour later, Lucy had finished getting ready to leave the house. "You'll be coming to the Burrow tonight, right?" Lucy asked Remus and Tonks. "Of course we'll be there," Tonks said, beaming. "We wouldn't miss it." "I'll see you tonight, then," Lucy said, smiling. Then she waved her good-bye to Sally-Anne. Jeremy took Lucy's hand and walked out into the front garden with her. "Are you sure it's all right if I leave now?" Lucy asked. "Of course it's all right," Jeremy said. "It's your birthday, after all. Besides, we'll all be there tonight for the party, okay? Now, go see your brother." He smiled at her. Lucy grinned back and gave him one last kiss before heading for the edge of the property. Once she was outside the original protective enchantments—which Remus had left on even after casting the Fidelius Charm over the house—she spun on the spot and Apparated away. ~LJ:TW~ Lucy appeared in front of the Burrow's garden gate. She entered the yard just as Harry, Ron, and Hermione were leaving the house. "Morning!" Lucy called to her friends. Hermione was the only one to smile and wave back at her. As Lucy looked more carefully, she noticed that Ron looked upset, and Harry seemed guilty. Lucy hurried over to them. "What happened?" she asked. Ron whirled around, looking—no, glaring at Harry. "You ditched her," he snarled. "What the fuck are you doing now, messing her around?" "I'm not messing her around," Harry insisted. Hermione tried to cut in, "Ron—" "She was really cut up when you ended it—!" Ron started. "So was I," Harry said. "You know why I stopped it, and it wasn't because I wanted to." "Yeah," Ron argued, "but you go snogging her now, and she's just going to get her hopes up again—" "She's not an idiot—she knows it can't happen," Harry said. "She's not expecting us to—to end up married, or—" He stopped abruptly. Ron warned, "If you keep groping her every chance you get—" "It won't happen again," Harry said. "Okay?" Ron looked at him for a moment. "Right, then—well—that's—yeah," he said lamely. "I guess we should—ah—go back inside, then." "Sure," Harry agreed. The boys started for the house again, with Lucy and Hermione staring after them. "So, Harry kissed Ginny?" Lucy asked after a moment. "Ron and I walked in on them snogging," Hermione confirmed. "Well, this has been an interesting day already," Lucy said, smirking. "I guess we'd better go and see if Mrs. Weasley needs any help with anything." ~LJ:TW~ Since there was going to be such a large crowd at the Burrow that evening, Mrs. Weasley had decided that the party would be taking place outside. The wedding arrangements were nearly complete, so Mrs. Weasley had them preparing for the party all afternoon. The second oldest Weasley son, Charlie, arrived that afternoon, as well. Lucy hadn't seen him since her fourth year of school, so it was nice to catch up with him. Their conversation was short-lived, however, because Mrs. Weasley burst into the kitchen with Bill in tow. She forced her eldest son into a chair, telling him that he was going to get a proper haircut for his wedding. Lucy and Charlie watched the whole event, not even trying to mask their laughs. As evening drew near, Fred, George, and Hermione began decorating the garden. Mrs. Weasley was busy getting the food to the table, and Lucy and Ginny helped to carry out some of the dishes. "I heard that someone had a nice snog with Harry this morning," Lucy said slyly as she and Ginny carefully exited the house with a pile of dinner plates. Ginny's face turned red. "So what if I have?" she asked hotly. "I don't have a problem with it," Lucy said, laughing. "I'm not Ron." "Was he embarrassing?" Ginny asked. "Not too bad," Lucy replied. "He thinks that Harry's just going to get your hopes up again." "Ron doesn't know anything," Ginny said airily. They had reached the tables in the garden and set the dishes on top of it. Ginny turned to Lucy and continued, "Am I worried that Harry will find someone else while he's off doing whatever he's going to be doing? Maybe a little bit. Or maybe this war will change him into someone I'm not interested in anymore. But right now, I know that I like him, and I just wanted to give him something to remember me by." "I don't think he's going to forget about you anytime soon," Lucy commented. They were interrupted by Mrs. Weasley levitating the cake—which was in the shape of a Snitch—through the back door and into the garden. It landed on the center of the table. "That looks amazing, Mrs. Weasley," Harry said from where he was standing a few feet away. "Oh, it's nothing, dear," Mrs. Weasley replied, looking proud. The guests arrived then, being led into the yard by Fred and George. Remus, Tonks, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy arrived first. Lucy hurried to where they were greeting Harry. She immediately hugged all four of them. "Happy birthday!" Tonks said, hugging Harry next. Remus shook Harry's hand, echoing his wife's sentiments. Then Hagrid arrived, and he swept both Lucy and Harry into bone-crushing hugs. "Seventeen, eh?" he said. "Six years ter the day since we met, Harry! D'yeh remember it?" Fred appeared at his elbow and handed him a large glass of wine. "Vaguely," Harry replied. "Didn't you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig's tail, and tell me I was a wizard?" "Hagrid!" Lucy gasped playfully. "I forge' the details," Hagrid said, waving his hand dismissively. "All righ', Ron, Hermione?" "We're fine," Hermione answered. "How are you?" "Ar, not bad," Hagrid said. "Bin busy. We got some newborn unicorns—I'll show yeh when yeh get back—" Lucy glanced at Hermione as Hagrid put his hand in his pocket. "Here, Harry, Lucy—couldn' think wha' ter get yeh, but then I remembered these." From his pocket, he withdrew two furry pouches on a string. "Mokeskin. Hide anythin' in there, an' no one but the owner can get it out. They're rare, them." "Wow!" Lucy said. "Thank you!" "Hagrid, thanks!" Harry added. The twins took one pouch each, admiring them. "'S'nothin'," Hagrid said. "An' there's Charlie! Always liked him—hey! Charlie!" Charlie made his way over to them, an easy grin on his face. "Hi, Hagrid, how's it going?" he asked, shaking Hagrid's hand. "Bin meanin' ter write fer ages," Hagrid said. "How's Norbert doin'?" "Norbert?" Charlie asked. "The Norwegian Ridgeback? We call her Norberta now." "Wha—Norbert's a girl?" Hagrid asked, dumbfounded. "Oh, yeah," Charlie said, nodding. "How can you tell?" Hermione asked. "They're a lot more vicious," Charlie explained. Then he lowered his voice and said, "Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum's getting edgy." They all looked around at Mrs. Weasley, who kept glancing to the garden gate. "I think we'd better start without Arthur," she said to everyone gathered for the party. "He must have been held up at—oh!" Suddenly, an orb of light flew into the yard. It came to a halt above the table, took the form of a weasel, and began to speak. "Minister of Magic coming with me," Mr. Weasley's voice came from the Patronus. Then it disappeared. "The minister—? But why—?" Mrs. Weasley sputtered. "I don't understand—" Not a second later, Mr. Weasley had appeared at the garden gate. The Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour followed him into the garden, leaning on his walking stick. "Sorry to intrude," Scrimgeour said as he and Mr. Weasley joined the small crowd. "Especially as I can see that I am gate-crashing a party." He glanced at Lucy and Harry. "Many happy returns." "Thanks," Lucy and Harry said at the same time. "I require a private word with you two," Scrimgeour said. "Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger." "Us?" Ron asked. "Why us?" "I shall tell you that when we are somewhere more private," Scrimgeour replied. "Is there such a place?" He looked at Mr. Weasley. "Yes, of course," Mr. Weasley said. "The, er, sitting room—why don't you use that?" "You can lead the way," Scrimgeour said to Ron. "There will be no need for you to accompany us, Arthur." Lucy, Harry, and Hermione followed Ron into the house, and Scrimgeour limped along behind them. Lucy glanced over her shoulder to see Mr. and Mrs. Weasley exchanging worried looks. When they reached the sitting room, Harry waved his wand to light the lamps. Scrimgeour settled into an armchair, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit on the couch. Lucy sat in another chair that was right next to the couch. "I have some questions for the four of you, and I think it will be best if we do it individually. If you three—" He gestured to Lucy, Harry, and Hermione. "—can wait upstairs, I will start with Ronald." "We're not going anywhere," Lucy insisted immediately. "You can speak to us together or not at all," Harry said, and Hermione nodded her agreement. Scrimgeour looked at all of them with narrowed eyes but didn't protest. "Very well, then—together," he said. "I am here, as I'm sure you know, because of Albus Dumbledore's will." Lucy felt herself frowning in confusion as she glanced at her friends. "A surprise, apparently!" Scrimgeour said. "You were not aware, then, that Dumbledore had left you anything?" "A-all of us?" Ron asked. "Me and Hermione and Lucy, too?" Scrimgeour started, "Yes, all of—" "Dumbledore died over a month ago," Harry interrupted. "Why has it taken this long to give us what he left us?" "Isn't it obvious?" Hermione said. "They wanted to examine whatever he's left us. You had no right to do that!" She glared at the minister. "I had every right," Scrimgeour said. "The Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry the power to confiscate the contents of a will—" "That law was created to stop wizards passing on Dark artifacts," Hermione cut in, "and the Ministry is supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased's possessions are illegal before seizing them! Are you telling me that you thought Dumbledore was trying to pass us something cursed?" "Are you planning to follow a career in magical law, Miss Granger?" Scrimgeour asked. "No, I'm not," Hermione stated. "I'm hoping to do some good in the world!" Ron laughed, and Lucy couldn't help the grin that appeared on her face. "So, why have you decided to let us have our things now?" Harry asked. "Can't think of a pretext to keep them?" "No, it'll be because the thirty-one days are up," Hermione said. "They can't keep the objects longer than that unless they can prove they're dangerous. Right?" "Would you say you were close to Dumbledore, Ronald?" Scrimgeour asked suddenly. "Me? Not—not really.… It was always Harry who…" Ron trailed off, looking at Hermione. "Why does it matter?" Lucy asked immediately. "If Ronald was not close to Dumbledore, how do you account for the fact that Dumbledore remembered him in his will?" Scrimgeour asked, looking victorious. "But why does that matter?" Lucy repeated. "It's not any of your business why Dumbledore left us things in his will." "He made exceptionally few personal bequests," Scrimgeour explained. "The vast majority of his possessions—his private library, his magical instruments, and other personal effects—were left to Hogwarts. Why do you think you were singled out, Ronald?" "I… dunno," Ron said. "I—when I saw we weren't close—I mean, I think he liked me.…" "You're being modest, Ron," Hermione said. "Dumbledore was very fond of you." Scrimgeour, meanwhile, had pulled out a bag from inside his cloak. From the bag he extracted a large scroll, which he unrolled and began to read from. "The Last Will and Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore.… Yes, here we are.… To Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, in the hope that he will remember me when he uses it," Scrimgeour read. Then he took out an object. It looked like a silver lighter. Scrimgeour handed it over to Ron, who took it and examined it curiously. "That is a valuable object," Scrimgeour said. "It may even be unique. Certainly it is of Dumbledore's own design. Why would he have left you an item so rare?" Ron shook his head. "Well, why not?" Lucy asked exasperatedly. "Dumbledore must have taught thousands of students," Scrimgeour went on. "Yet the only ones he remembered in his will are you four. Why is that? To what use did he think you would put his Deluminator, Mr. Weasley?" "Put out lights, I s'ppose," Ron said. "What else could I do with it?" Lucy sniggered. Scrimgeour merely looked at Ron for a few more seconds before going back to the scroll in his hand. "To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hopes that she will find it entertaining and instructive." The next object Scrimgeour produced was an old book. It was small and looked fragile. Hermione took it from Scrimgeour. Lucy was surprised to see that Hermione seemed moved by the gift; a few tears fell down her cheeks. "Why do you think Dumbledore left you that book, Miss Granger?" Scrimgeour asked. "He… he knew I liked books," Hermione said. "But why that particular book?" Scrimgeour pressed. "I don't know," Hermione replied. "He must have thought I'd enjoy it." "Did you ever discuss codes or any means of passing secret messages with Dumbledore?" Scrimgeour asked. "No, I didn't," Hermione said. "And if the Ministry hasn't found any hidden codes in this book in thirty-one days, I doubt that I will." Ron put his arm around Hermione's shoulders in comfort. Scrimgeour went back to Dumbledore's will. "To Miss Lucy Lily Jones, I leave a pair of pocket watches, so that she will never forget the time," he read. Then he pulled out a box, which he handed to Lucy. Lucy opened the box to see two pocket watches lying inside. They were very ornate, with stars decorating the outsides. "Why do you think Dumbledore left you these pocket watches, Miss Jones?" Scrimgeour asked. Lucy, tired of hearing the minister interrogating them for something so trivial, looked up. "I don't know, and it's none of your business," she said shortly. "But why would he give you two pocket watches?" Scrimgeour asked. "Surely one would have been enough?" "I'm running out of polite ways to tell you to butt out," Lucy said bluntly. "The watches clearly come in a set together. I don't know why he left them to me. Obviously he thought that I would like them. I didn't tell him to put me in his will, nor did he tell me that he was putting something for me in his will." She stared at the minister until he went back to the will. "To Harry James Potter, I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill." Scrimgeour removed a Snitch from his bag and held it up for the four of them to see. "Why did Dumbledore leave you this Snitch?" Scrimgeour asked. "No idea," Harry answered. "For the reason you just read out, I suppose—to remind me what you can get if you… persevere and whatever it was." "You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?" Scrimgeour pressed. "I suppose so," Harry said. "What else could it be?" "I'm asking the questions," Scrimgeour said. "Yes, and we're getting quite tired of it," Lucy said. "We're missing our party." Scrimgeour ignored Lucy and said to Harry, "I notice that your birthday cake is in the shape of a Snitch. Why is that?" "Merlin, are you being serious right now?" Lucy groaned, putting a hand to her face as Hermione let out a humorless laugh. "It can't be because Harry happens to be a great Seeker; that's just too obvious, right?" "There must be a secret message from Dumbledore hidden in the icing!" Hermione added sarcastically. "I don't think there's anything hidden in the icing," Scrimgeour said evenly, "but a Snitch would be a very good hiding place for a small object. You know why, I'm sure?" "Because Snitches have flesh memories," Hermione replied. "What?" Harry and Ron asked at the same time. "Correct," Scrimgeour said. "A Snitch is not touched by bare skin before it is released—not even by the maker, who wears gloves. It carries an enchantment by which it can identify the first human to lay hands upon it, in case of a disputed capture. This Snitch will remember your touch, Potter. It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who had prodigious magical skill, whatever his other faults, might have enchanted this Snitch so that it will open only for you." There was a heavy silence as Harry pondered what the minister had told them. "You don't say anything," Scrimgeour said. "Perhaps you already know what the Snitch contains." "No," Harry replied honestly. "Take it," Scrimgeour said, holding the Snitch out to Harry. Harry put his hand out, and Scrimgeour slowly put the Snitch onto his open palm. Nothing happened. Harry closed his fist around the little ball. "That was dramatic," he commented, and Lucy, Hermione, and Ron laughed. "That's all, then, is it?" Hermione asked. "Not quite," Scrimgeour said, sounding grumpy. "Dumbledore left you a second bequest, Potter." "What is it?" Harry asked. "The Sword of Gryffindor," Scrimgeour said, and Lucy looked at him warily. "So where is it?" Harry demanded. "Unfortunately, that sword was not Dumbledore's to give away," Scrimgeour said. "The Sword of Godric Gryffindor is an important historical artifact, and as such, belongs—" "It belongs to Harry!" Hermione said. "It chose him! He was the one who found it—it came to him out of the Sorting Hat—" "According to reliable historical sources, the sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor," Scrimgeour said. "That does not make it the exclusive property of Mr. Potter, whatever Dumbledore may have decided. Why do you think—?" "—Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword?" Harry finished for him. "Maybe he thought it would look nice on my wall." "This is not a joke, Potter!" Scrimgeour snapped. "Was it because Dumbledore believed that only the Sword of Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did he wish to give you that sword, Potter, because he believed, as do many, that you are the one destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?" "Interesting theory," Harry said. "Has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in Voldemort? Maybe the Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of wasting their time stripping down Deluminators or covering up breakouts from Azkaban. Is this what you've been doing, Minister? Shut up in your office, trying to break open a Snitch? People are dying—I was nearly one of them—Voldemort chased me across three counties, and he killed Mad-Eye Moody. But there's been no word about any of that from the Ministry, has there? And you still expect us to cooperate with you!" "You go too far!" Scrimgeour said, shooting up out of his chair. Harry rose, as well, as Scrimgeour walked towards him. Scrimgeour had his wand out, and he poked Harry in the chest with it. "Oy!" Ron said. He and Lucy stood swiftly, as well. "No!" Harry said sharply to Ron, who had drawn his wand. "D'you want to give him an excuse to arrest us?" "Remembered you're not at school, have you?" Scrimgeour sneered. "Remembered that I am not Dumbledore, who forgave your insolence and insubordination? You wear that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It's time you learned some respect!" "It's time you earned it," Harry replied defiantly. There was a noise, and suddenly, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had burst into the room. "We—we thought we heard—" Mr. Weasley said, looking around in alarm at the scene in front of him. "—raised voices," Mrs. Weasley finished for her husband. Scrimgeour stepped away from Harry; there was a small hole burned in Harry's shirt where Scrimgeour's wand had been touching. "It—it was nothing," Scrimgeour said. "I… regret your attitude," he said to Harry. "You seem to think that the Ministry does not desire what you—what Dumbledore—desired. We ought to be working together." "I don't like your methods, Minister," Harry replied. "Remember?" He held up his right hand, which bore the scars from his detentions with Dolores Umbridge two years prior. Scrimgeour scowled and turned away from Harry without another word. He left the room, and Mrs. Weasley hurried after him. "He's gone!" she called a minute later. "What did he want?" Mr. Weasley asked. "To give us what Dumbledore left us," Lucy answered. "They've only just released the contents of his will." They returned to the garden, and everyone there looked over the items that the four of them had been given. The Deluminator, pocket watches, and The Tales of Beedle the Bard were admired, and everyone wondered why Dumbledore had left Harry an old Snitch. "Harry, Lucy, everyone's awfully hungry. We didn't like to start without you…" Mrs. Weasley piped up eventually. "Shall I serve dinner now?" "Sorry, Mrs. Weasley," Lucy said immediately. "Of course we can have dinner now." Harry agreed. ~LJ:TW~ Dinner was eaten quite quickly. When they were finished, they sang a hasty "Happy Birthday" to Lucy and Harry, and then they all had a bit of cake. Then it was time for Lucy to go home with her family. She was passed around the Weasleys and the Delacours, so that they could wish her a happy birthday once more. Before she knew it, she was following Remus and Tonks out of the garden. ~LJ:TW~ After Apparating home, Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne sat in the living room. Lucy held the box with the pocket watches on her lap. "Why pocket watches?" Sally-Anne asked curiously. "And why two of them?" "I don't know," Lucy said. "There's nothing dangerous or secretive, though, or else the Ministry wouldn't have let me have them.…" She reached into the box and picked one of the watches up. A warm feeling shot up her arm, and the pocket watch sprung open. Inside was a folded-up piece of paper. "What is it?" Jeremy asked. Lucy pulled the parchment out and unfolded it. Lucy, If everything has gone to plan, these pocket watches will have made it past the Ministry's inspection without this letter being found. I have enchanted it specifically to only reveal itself at your touch. Now, if you haven't already guessed, these are not just ordinary pocket watches. They are able to pass small notes between each other. Put a note in one of the pocket watches, spin the knob until it clicks three times, and the note should appear inside the other watch. I hope that these will come in handy, Albus Dumbledore "Is that actually from Dumbledore?" Sally-Anny asked, after reading the note over Lucy's shoulder. "I think so," Lucy said. "It looks like his handwriting.…" She folded Dumbledore's note up, put it back into the pocket watch, and shut it. Then she spun the knob on the top until she heard it click three times. "Sally-Anne, grab that other watch," she instructed. Sally-Anne leaned forward and plucked the other watch from the box. She opened it and pulled out the parchment. "That could actually be very handy," Sally-Anne commented, shutting the pocket watch again. She carefully placed it back in its box. "No kidding," Lucy agreed. "He gave me that extra defense training last year, a pair of two-way mirrors, and now a couple of pocket watches that can also pass messages." She put the other watch in the box, as well, and closed the lid. "Any idea why he did all that for you?" Jeremy asked casually. Lucy paused. She hadn't talked much about her plans with Sally-Anne and Jeremy, mostly because she'd promised not to tell anyone about the Horcrux mission. All they knew was that Harry was planning on not returning to Hogwarts, and Lucy was going to be joining him. "I think that Dumbledore thought I'd need to protect Harry," Lucy finally responded. "He gave me the extra lessons so that I'd be able to keep us safe, while Harry concentrated on the mission." "So you're actually going on some sort of secret mission, then?" Sally-Anne wondered. "Yes," Lucy replied simply. "But… why does it have to be a secret?" Sally-Anne asked. "Why can't Harry tell the Order what's going on?" "Because he promised Dumbledore he wouldn't tell anyone," Lucy said. She sighed and went on, "Dumbledore told Harry about a potential way to destroy Voldemort—for good. And Voldemort doesn't know that we know about it. The more people who get involved, the more possibility that Voldemort will find out that we know, and then it'll be impossible to stop him." "Harry really is the Chosen One, isn't he?" Jeremy spoke up in a low voice. "That's why he's the one who has to go on the mission—because he's the only one who can get rid of You-Know-Who. Why else would Dumbledore trust something so important to a teenager?" Lucy lowered her eyes, warring with herself about how much she should tell them. She'd promised Harry she wouldn't tell anyone, but she couldn't lie to Jeremy and Sally-Anne, either. "Yes," she whispered, looking up. "Harry's the Chosen One. But you can't tell anyone." Sally-Anne and Jeremy exchanged a wide-eyed glanced. "Don't worry, Lucy," Sally-Anne assured her friend. "We won't say anything." "This mission, though—now that you and Harry are adults, does that mean you could leave at any minute?" Jeremy questioned. "Yes," Lucy confirmed. "I'm planning on going with them, but we haven't decided when that will be yet. Obviously it'll be after the wedding. And don't worry—you can stay here with Remus and Tonks until the school year begins." "If the school year ever begins," Sally-Anne pointed out. "We still haven't heard anything about this year." "Yeah, if," Lucy repeated. There was a moment of silence before she continued, "But I told Hermione that if she, Harry, and Ron needed to leave in an emergency, and I wasn't there, they should go without me. So there's a slim chance that I won't be going with them." "But you want to go with them, don't you?" Sally-Anne asked. "Yes, of course," Lucy answered. "But—like I told Hermione—it's more important that the mission gets completed, which won't happen if we all get caught just because they're trying to meet up with me somewhere." All three of them became quiet. "We should probably get some sleep," Jeremy eventually said. "Tomorrow's going to be a big day, after all." "Yeah, I suppose that's a good idea," Lucy agreed. The three of them got up, bid each other good night, and then went to their respective bedrooms. Lucy and Jeremy silently changed into their pajamas and then got into bed. Lucy curled up into Jeremy's side, and he pulled her in close, with an arm around her shoulders. "Time for one last happy birthday," Jeremy murmured. He placed a soft kiss on her forehead. "Thank you," Lucy said with a giggle. "I think I'm going to go to sleep now." "Me, too," Jeremy agreed. "I love you." "I love you, too," Lucy said. They shared a quick kiss, and Lucy drifted off to sleep. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Jeremy's line "Open it and find out," to Lucy's "What's in it?" is an exact mirror of me and my husband. Anytime he gets me a present, I ask him what it is, and he tells me to figure it out. lol I know there's a test they're supposed to take before they can Apparate, but seeing as the Order doesn't trust the Ministry anymore, nobody was going to stop Lucy from Apparating on her own. I decided to just keep the cake in the shape of a Snitch. It's technically a joint party for Harry and Lucy, of course, but there's not really an iconic image that goes with Lucy the way that Harry and a Snitch go together. Lucy doesn't really care anyway, she just wants cake. In the books, Remus and Tonks leave the party as soon as they hear the Minister is coming, but I can't exactly have them leave when they're responsible for Lucy. So I just took that little bit out. The conversation at the end that Lucy has with Sally-Anne and Jeremy is important. Originally, Lucy was given her own mission by Dumbledore, which caused her to stay behind. I didn't like how that felt, because it made Lucy seem like this extra special snowflake or something. So now I had to answer the question of "why did Dumbledore give her all these things?" And I finally figured it out: Dumbledore taught Lucy all that defensive and concealment magic so that Lucy could worry about protecting them, while Harry was busy concentrating on the Horcruxes.
A/N: Hope everyone had a fun and safe Halloween last night! Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 6 – The Weasley Wedding The next day, Lucy arrived at the Burrow just after lunch and joined Hermione in getting ready. They stood in the middle of Ginny's bedroom as Lucy fussed over Hermione's hair. "I wish I could wear whatever I wanted," Ginny complained from her spot on her bed. "Mum's going to make me look like a little girl, I just know it." "Come on, Ginny; you should be honored," Lucy said as she pulled the brush through Hermione's hair with difficulty. "You and Charlie are the only siblings who are actually in the wedding. Fred, George, and Ron have to be ushers!" "Don't forget Cousin Barny," Ginny sniggered. For Harry's protection, he was going to be taking some Polyjuice Potion to disguise himself as another Weasley. There was a red-headed Muggle in the town nearby that Fred had gotten some hair from. "Ouch!" Hermione gasped as Lucy tugged the brush through a particularly rough knot in her hair. "Sorry!" Lucy said. "But it says that you're supposed to brush through all the tangles first.…" She gestured to the bottle of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion sitting on the dresser. "I know," Hermione sighed. "Sometimes I hate my hair!" Twenty minutes later, Lucy had finally gotten most of the tangles out of Hermione's hair. Lucy took the bottle of the hair potion and began applying it. Soon, Hermione's hair was much more shiny and smooth. "Thank you, Lucy," Hermione said gratefully. "Ginny!" Mrs. Weasley opened the bedroom door, looking a bit frazzled. "Come along, dear. It's time to get you into your dress." Ginny groaned before getting up off the bed. "I wish you'd just let me get ready on my own," she mumbled. Mrs. Weasley gave her a stern look, and Ginny said nothing more as she followed her mother from the room. "So, what dress are you going to wear?" Hermione asked as Lucy finished pinning the sides of Hermione's hair back from her face. Lucy, smiling, went over to the bag she had brought with her. Inside was a breezy, light green dress. "I figured a sundress would be appropriate, seeing as it's still summer," she explained. "It's so pretty!" Hermione commented. Then she went over to her things and pulled a dress from her trunk. It was lilac purple and looked like a summer dress, as well. The girls took turns getting their dresses on before turning to look at each other in the mirror. "I'm having a strange feeling of déjà vu," Lucy giggled. "It's like the Yule Ball or Slughorn's Christmas party all over again, except we're older now." She gathered her hair onto the top of her head and secured it into a bun. "You know, I'm surprised that they're not forcing you to drink Polyjuice Potion, too," Hermione said as the girls huddled around the mirror to do their makeup. "I was a little bit, as well," Lucy agreed, frowning. "Harry is the top priority, of course. He's the one Voldemort's really after, not me." "I suppose that's true," Hermione said. "And once the Ministry falls," Lucy went on, "we'll all be in equal danger, won't we?" She paused and then said, "This is a bit of a depressing conversation to have on the day of a wedding." Hermione nodded her agreement. ~LJ:TW~ It was just after three o'clock when Lucy and Hermione were finished getting ready. They both had on some heels that matched their dresses, and Hermione had her little beaded bag in hand. They were just about to leave the room when the door banged open. Lucy and Hermione jumped and turned to see Ginny standing in the doorway, looking annoyed. "Are you all right?" Hermione asked, looking concerned. "I only just managed to get away," Ginny replied, hurrying to her mirror and adjusting her dress. "This isn't as hideous as I'd imagined it was going to be, but it's way too long. Any way I could bribe either of you into hemming it up for me?" Lucy stepped forward, flourishing her wand. "Do you really need to do that?" Hermione asked anxiously. "Won't your mother be upset if you altered your dress?" "Probably, but I'm hoping that she's going to have too much on her mind to notice that my dress is a few inches shorter," Ginny replied, showing Lucy the length she wanted the dress at. Lucy flicked her wand a few times, and the dress magically hemmed itself. Then Ginny reached up and let her hair down from the tight bun it had been in. It fell in loose waves to her shoulders. "Much better," Ginny sighed in relief. "Anyway, Mum's just kicked Bill out of the house. Fleur's in the sitting room, getting some last-minute touches done to her dress. She looks good," she added in a slightly sour voice. "I'm not surprised," Lucy said, moving to stand in front of Ginny. She studied the younger girl's hair for a moment before pinning one side back from her face. "She's part Veela, remember?" She stepped aside, so Ginny could see what Lucy had done to her hair. "Yes, well, the biggest issue right now is that Auntie Muriel hasn't arrived yet, and she's supposed to be bringing the tiara that Fleur's going to wear," Ginny said, smiling at her own reflection in the mirror. "Thanks, Lucy. Are you two ready to come downstairs?" "I am," Lucy said. "Hermione?" "Yes, I'm ready," Hermione replied. Together, the three girls left Ginny's room and went down to the sitting room, where Muriel had just arrived. "There you are, Ginevra," Muriel said loudly. "Look at that dress; it is much too short. Molly, what are you letting your daughter wear?" Ginny groaned quietly, but Mrs. Weasley didn't look at her. Instead, she was eyeing the tiara in Muriel's hands. "Auntie Muriel," she began, "thank you so much for—" "Oh, dear, is this the Muggleborn?" Muriel asked, looking Hermione up and down. "Bad posture and skinny ankles," she tutted. Then she turned to Lucy and scrutinized her, as well. "And this is the estranged Potter, yes? My, my, was I ever surprised when it came out that Harry Potter had a twin sister." "Most people were," Lucy said, unable to help herself. Muriel raised a single eyebrow in her direction. "Evidently, manners are not taught in America, are they?" she asked. Lucy kept her mouth shut this time, and Muriel turned back to Fleur and Mrs. Weasley. "Come on; let's get out of here," Hermione murmured to Lucy. Lucy nodded quickly in agreement, and the girls were able to slip out of the room as Muriel began to lecture the other women about the tiara and how it should be placed in Fleur's hair. ~LJ:TW~ The girls set off across the garden until they came to the entrance of the large tent. Both the ceremony and reception would take place underneath it. Harry—who was in disguise—and Ron were standing there, waiting to show guests to their seats. "Wow," Ron said as Lucy and Hermione approached. Ron stared at Hermione and said, "You look great!" "Always the tone of surprise," Hermione said, smiling. "Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn't agree. I just met her while she was giving Fleur the tiara. She said, Oh dear, is this the Muggleborn? And then, Bad posture and skinny ankles." "What did she say to you?" Harry asked Lucy. "She told me it was obvious I hadn't learned any manners in America," Lucy answered, rolling her eyes. "Don't take it personally," Ron advised the girls. "She's rude to everyone." "Talking about Muriel?" George had just returned from showing someone to their seat, followed by Fred. "Yeah, when she saw me, she told me my ears are lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius was still with us, though; he was a right laugh at weddings." "Wasn't he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later?" Lucy asked. "Well, yeah, he went a bit… odd toward the end," George conceded. "But before he went loopy, he was the life and soul of the party," Fred continued. "He used to down an entire bottle of Firewhiskey, and then run onto the dance floor, hoist up his robes, and start pulling bunches of flowers out of his—" "Yes, he sounds a real charmer," Hermione interrupted as Lucy and Harry snorted with laughter. "Never married, for some reason," Ron commented. "You amaze me," Hermione replied dryly. As they continued laughing, a young man stepped up to the boys and handed his invitation to Ron. "You look vunderful," the man said, looking at Hermione. "Viktor!" Hermione exclaimed. She dropped her bag, which made a louder thump than it looked like it should have. She hurried to pick it up as Lucy watched in amusement. "I didn't know you were—goodness—it's lovely to see—how are you?" Hermione stammered. "How come you're here?" Ron asked rudely. "Fleur invited me," Viktor Krum—who had been the Durmstrang champion during the Triwizard Tournament, and Hermione's date to the Yule Ball—answered. Harry stepped in, holding out his hand for Krum to shake, and then offered to show him to his seat. "Merlin, Ron, calm down," Lucy said, giggling at how red his ears had gotten. "That should be everyone," Mrs. Weasley said, coming up to them with Muriel in tow. "Please go and sit down so that we can start." She looked anxious, and Lucy, Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione hastened to do as she told them. They met Harry in the middle of the aisle. "Time to sit down," Fred told him, "or we're going to get run over by the bride." They walked to the front of the chairs and took their seats. Fred and George were in the first row, where they would be joined by Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were in the second row, and Lucy slid into a seat in the third row next to Jeremy and Sally-Anne, who had arrived at some point with Remus and Tonks. "You look great," Jeremy said, pressing a kiss to Lucy's cheek. "Thank you," Lucy replied, feeling her face warm slightly. "You look very handsome, too." She looked over at Sally-Anne and added, "Have I mentioned that I love navy blue on you?" "No, but thank you," Sally-Anne replied, beaming. Then a hush fell over the crowd as Mr. and Mrs. Weasley walked up the aisle. They waved at a few of their relatives and took the empty chairs next to Fred and George. At the front of the crowd, the same short wizard who had presided over Dumbledore's funeral appeared. Bill and Charlie also entered the tent and joined the wizard in front of the crowd. Fred let out a loud whistle as his older brothers stood to attention, and there was a small amount of female giggling from the other side of the tent. "Ooooh!" Hermione gasped, turning around in her seat. Lucy hurried to look at what her friend was staring at. Ginny and Gabrielle, Fleur's younger sister, were coming up the aisle, looking very pretty in their matching gold dresses. Directly behind them came Fleur on the arm of her father. They seemed to glide up to the front of the tent, and then Monsieur Delacour was placing Fleur's hand into Bill's. "Ladies and gentlemen," the short wizard began. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls…" "Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely," Muriel was saying in a loud whisper. "But I must say, Ginevra's dress is far too low cut." Ginny looked around, grinning at her aunt's statement, and winked at Harry. Lucy couldn't help the smirk that appeared on her face. "Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle…?" the wizard continued. Lucy took Jeremy's hand in hers, smiling widely as Bill and Fleur exchanged their vows. There were sniffles all around the crowd. "…then I declare you bonded for life," the officiant finished. He took out his wand and waved it over Bill's and Fleur's joined hands. A shower of silver stars flew around the pair as they leaned in for their first kiss as husband and wife. Fred and George began the applause, and the rest of the guests quickly joined in. The balloons floating above Fleur and Bill popped open, and a pack of birds and golden bells flew through the air. "Ladies and gentlemen!" the officiant said, calling the attention back to the front of the tent. "If you would, please, stand up!" Lucy stood with the rest of the crowd, and the wizard waved his wand once more. The walls of the tent disappeared, so that they were now underneath just a canopy held up by poles. The chairs they had just been occupying floated to the edges of the dance floor, which had materialized beneath their feet. A number of small tables appeared, with more chairs to match. "Smooth," Ron said, looking around as a group of waiters entered the tent, trays in hand. "We should go and congratulate them!" Hermione said. "We'll have time later," Ron dismissed. "Let's grab a table.… Are you three coming?" he added to Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy. "Sure," Lucy said with a shrug. Jeremy had scooped up three glasses of butterbeer and handed one each to Lucy and Sally-Anne, keeping the third for himself. "Not there!" Ron said suddenly, dragging Hermione by the elbow away from the table she had been approaching. "Nowhere near Muriel—" "Muriel is Ron's Great-Aunt," Lucy explained to Sally-Anne and Jeremy. "You may have heard her attempting to whisper behind us during the ceremony." "Ah, that's who that was," Sally-Anne commented. Ron led the way through the crowd, and soon they came to the table where Luna Lovegood—a sixth-year Ravenclaw they had met a few years previously—was sitting by herself. "All right if we join you?" Ron asked. "Oh, yes," Luna replied. "Daddy's just gone to give Bill and Fleur our present." She gestured across the tent, where a man dressed in bright yellow robes was speaking with the bride and groom. "What is it—a lifetime's supply of Gurdyroots?" Ron asked. Lucy rolled her eyes. "I didn't know you would be here, Luna," she said, quickly changing the subject. "Yes, well, we live just over the hill," Luna explained. "I suppose the Weasleys thought it would be kind to invite us to the wedding when we live so close." They were interrupted by the band beginning to play. Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor first, as the rest of the guests clapped. Soon after, Mr. Weasley and Madame Delacour stepped onto the floor, followed by Mrs. Weasley and Monsieur Delacour. "I like this song," Luna commented. She stood from her seat and moved to the dance floor, where she began to slowly spin on the spot. "She's great, isn't she?" Ron asked. "Always good value." But he stopped smiling immediately as Krum joined their table, sitting down in Luna's seat. "Who is that man in the yellow?" he asked with a scowl on his face. "That's Xenophilius Lovegood," Ron answered. "He's the father of a friend of ours." Then, after a pause, he said abruptly to Hermione, "Come and dance." Hermione, although looking a bit shocked, took his hand, and the two of them disappeared onto the dance floor. "Ah, they are together now?" Krum asked. "Er—sort of," Harry replied. There was an uneasy pause, and Jeremy stood from the table and offered his hand to Lucy. "Would you like to dance?" he asked. "Oh, sure, and leave me here alone," Sally-Anne grumbled before Lucy could answer. "I'd love to dance," Lucy said to Jeremy, taking his hand and standing up. "And come on, you," she continued to Sally-Anne, "I'll find you someone to dance with." The three of them hurried off, leaving Harry alone with Krum. "That's Harry in his disguise, yeah?" Sally-Anne asked in a low voice, glancing back over her shoulder. "Yeah," Lucy replied in a murmur. They came to the edge of the dance floor and found George standing off to the side, chatting with a few of Fleur's Veela cousins. He looked over their heads and caught Lucy's eye. Lucy jerked her head to the side, motioning for him to join them. George excused himself and was soon standing with them. "What's up?" he asked. "Dance with Sally-Anne, won't you?" Lucy asked. "Hey!" Sally-Anne exclaimed, her face turning red. "It's either dance with George or hang out with Barny and Krum," Lucy pointed out, and Sally-Anne frowned. "Sally-Anne, would you care to dance?" George asked, extending his hand to her. She hesitantly took it, and George pulled her across the dance floor. Sally-Anne let out a breathless laugh as George spun her around. "Lucy," Jeremy said. Lucy looked up at him, and he smiled down at her. Then he wordlessly held out his hand, and she took it. Then they were also on the dance floor, spinning amongst the other guests. ~LJ:TW~ A few songs later, they found themselves near Bill and Fleur, who were standing just off the dance floor. "Come on," Lucy said, tugging on Jeremy's hand, and they went over to the newlywed couple. "Bill!" Lucy exclaimed. Bill turned his head and grinned. Lucy threw her arms around him and hugged him tightly. "I'm so happy for you two," she said as she pulled away. Bill had always been like an older brother to Lucy, even though they'd only known each other for a few years. Jeremy offered Bill his hand, and they shook briefly. "Congratulations," Jeremy added. "Thanks," Bill said. "So, how does it feel to be married?" Lucy asked. "Right now, it feels the same," Bill said. "It's only been about an hour, you know." "Good point," Lucy said. "The party is fun, though! I didn't realize just how many Weasleys there actually were. Your father must have been part of a big family, huh?" "I guess so," Bill said. "Ginny is the first Weasley girl to be born in the last seven or so generations. As far as I know, all the Weasleys have made traditional marriages—you know, their wives have taken the Weasley name." "Huh; I didn't know that," Lucy remarked. Bill chuckled, and Lucy finished, "Anyway, we'll leave you to your other guests. Congratulations, again!" Then she and Jeremy exchanged a quick greeting with Fleur—Jeremy transitioning smoothly into fluent French, as he always did when he spoke with Fleur—before heading back into the crowd. "Are you hungry?" Jeremy asked. "Yeah, a little bit," Lucy said. Jeremy picked up two sandwiches from a passing waiter's tray and handed one over to Lucy. They took a few minutes to enjoy their food before Sally-Anne and Ginny joined them. "Mum still hasn't mentioned the length of my dress," Ginny announced triumphantly. "That's good, I suppose," Lucy said, giggling. Then she turned to Sally-Anne and asked, "Where'd George run off to?" "He and Fred decided to keep some of Fleur's cousins company," Sally-Anne replied. "They're probably off for a snog in the garden somewhere." "I probably shouldn't be surprised, should I?" Lucy commented. "Nope," Ginny said, looking around at the crowd. "I wish I could dance with Harry, but that would look too strange in his disguise." "I thought you two split up," Sally-Anne said with a confused look. "We did," Ginny said. "Still, I'd like to leave him with a good impression. Something to remember me by while he's off doing whatever he's doing next year." "Which explains why you wanted to shorten your dress, right?" Lucy guessed. "Partially," Ginny admitted, "but it was also longer than I wanted, even if I wasn't trying to get someone's attention." "Take it from someone who knows Harry pretty well," Lucy said. "He's not going to forget you in a hurry. You have nothing to worry about. He's the one who should be worried." "What do you mean?" Ginny asked. "You can't be serious!" Lucy said with a small laugh. "Have you seen all the eyes you've been drawing? You're just as popular as Fleur's Veela cousins!" As if to accentuate Lucy's point, Lee Jordan—best friend to the Weasley twins—came over. "Hey, Ginny," he said. "Would you like to dance with me?" "Sure, Lee," Ginny said. She took Lee's hand and followed him onto the dance floor. ~LJ:TW~ The night moved steadily on, and the party became a bit rowdier as the sky darkened. Bill and Fleur cut their wedding cake, and Fleur tossed her bouquet into a group of screaming girls. Champagne bottles were flying over the heads of the guests, magically filling up any empty glasses they could find. Lucy and Jeremy spent a lot of time dancing with each other and with their other friends. They would take breaks to snack on the food still being carried around by the waiters. "This has been a lovely night," Lucy commented as she and Jeremy took a break off to the side of the dance floor. They both had a glass of butterbeer in their hands. "I agree," Jeremy said. "I'm glad I was able to be here with you." He smiled at his girlfriend, and Lucy felt warmth throughout her entire body. "I love you," she said serenely. The grin that Jeremy gave her lit up the entire tent. "I love you, too," he said. He took her face in his hands and was just about to kiss her when a bright silver ball of light burst into the crowd. In the middle of the dance floor, a lynx Patronus formed. Everyone froze as the lynx opened its mouth. From it came the voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt. "The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are coming." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Headcanon (are you allowed to have your own headcanon for your own AU? lol) that Jeremy and Fleur end up having a close relationship, mostly on the basis that they're both French, and they enjoy speaking in French to one another. Originally, the end of this chapter is when Lucy said "I love you" to Jeremy for the first time. Obviously that has changed. This chapter isn't very long, but the cliffhanger is just too juicy to not use.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 7 – The Ministry Falls It was as though everything had come to a grinding halt. Kingsley's words were still echoing in Lucy's mind, even after the Patronus had disappeared. The Ministry has fallen.… The Ministry has fallen.… They are coming.… Someone in the crowd screamed, bringing Lucy back to the present. The guests began to run, Disapparating where they stood, which meant that the protective enchantments surrounding the Burrow had been broken. Members of the Order of the Phoenix were drawing their wands, preparing for a fight that was coming any second. Lucy looked around wildly, but she couldn't see any sign of Harry, Hermione, or Ron. "Do you see them anywhere?" she asked Jeremy as she pulled out her wand. "No," Jeremy answered. "Lucy, there's no time. We need to get you out of here—" "I need to make sure Harry gets out first!" Lucy insisted. "It doesn't matter if I'm with him or not, but I need to know that he gets away!" "Lucy! LUCY!" Lucy turned to the sound of her name being yelled from clear across the tent. Hermione and Ron stood holding hands, and she could see Harry just beyond them. Lucy's heart sunk; she wasn't going to make it to them. Even if she tried running, she'd never make it through the chaotic swarm of people before the Death Eaters arrived. "Go!" she shouted to them. "Go! Get Harry out of here!" Ron looked like he wanted to argue, but Hermione interrupted him with a shake of her head. Together, the two of them went to Harry, and then they disappeared. Lucy breathed a sigh of relief, glad that Hermione was keeping her promise. Then, steeling herself, she turned to join the remain Order members. "Lucy," Jeremy said, stopping her. He took hold of her wrist, and then Lucy felt a hand on her shoulder. "I'm ready." It was Sally-Anne. "What—?" Lucy began, but she was cut off as she heard the unmistakable noise of many people appearing out of thin air. "We're going," Jeremy said. "Now." He spun on his heel, and Lucy was wrapped in darkness. ~LJ:TW~ They Apparated into a dark room with a crack. "Where are we?" Lucy asked, still gripping her wand tightly in her hand. There was a pause before Jeremy replied quietly, "I'm sorry. We just had to get you out of there." Lucy couldn't see him, so she lit up the tip of her wand with a wave. Jeremy and Sally-Anne were watching her, with grave expressions on their faces. "But what about the others?" Lucy said, panic building in her chest. "The Weasleys, the Order, Remus and Tonks—we have to go back and help them—!" "They can take care of themselves," Sally-Anne said softly. "We've been prepared for this for days." "We can't just leave them!" Lucy insisted. "Lucy?" a different voice asked. A few lamps in the room came to life, and Lucy found herself face to face with her friend, and fellow Gryffindor, Neville Longbottom. "Neville?" she said blankly, extinguishing her wand. "Am I to assume the worst?" another voice asked. Lucy looked around Neville to see his grandmother, Augusta Longbottom, entering the room. Lucy had met Mrs. Longbottom only once, and that was at St. Mungo's two Christmases previously. "Kingsley Shacklebolt has reported that the Ministry has fallen," Jeremy said. "Can someone please tell me what's going on?" Lucy asked desperately. Jeremy turned to her. "The Order knew that the Ministry was going to fall any day," he explained. "We all knew that you were planning on going with Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but we wanted to be prepared in case you got separated from them. We knew you needed to be protected, especially if we were at the Burrow when the protective enchantments were broken. The plan became to Apparate you here, to the Longbottoms' house, since nobody knows that Mrs. Longbottom is a part of the Order." "Why didn't you tell me any of this?" Lucy demanded. "Because we knew you probably wouldn't cooperate if you knew the full plan," Sally-Anne answered. "The Order suspected that the Death Eaters would attempt to get into known members' houses once they took over the Ministry," Jeremy added. "Why couldn't we just go back to our own house?" Lucy asked. "Our house has a Fidelius Charm on it," Sally-Anne reminded her. "You can't Apparate directly into a house or a building that's protected that way—you know that. We needed to get you somewhere that you would be protected immediately. We'll head back home when we get the all-clear signal from Remus or Tonks." "Until then, I have offered you my home to stay in," Mrs. Longbottom said. "As long as you lay low, there is no reason for the Death Eaters to suspect that you're hiding out here." "Remus and Tonks are in on this, too?" Lucy asked. "Yes," Jeremy said. "They helped come up with the plan." Lucy sighed, stowing her wand in her pocket. "Is there any way to find out about what happened to the people at the wedding?" she asked. "Not without giving away where we are," Sally-Anne said glumly. Lucy tugged her hair elastic out in frustration, her hair tumbling down her back. "If you come with me, I'll show you to your rooms," Mrs. Longbottom said. "We have plenty of space for all of you, of course. Come along, now.…" Lucy followed Jeremy and Sally-Anne further into the house. They had Apparated into the foyer. Lucy was surprised at how big Neville's house was; he had never mentioned before that he lived in a mansion. Mrs. Longbottom took them upstairs and showed them to the guest rooms. "Here's the first room," she announced, opening the door. "This one will be for Sally-Anne and Lucy." Then she led them a bit further down the hall and opened another door. "Jeremy will be staying in this room. Our house-elf Daisy will be able to get you all some refreshments, if you so desire." Mrs. Longbottom left them alone to get settled. Lucy stood in the upstairs hallway with Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and Neville, feeling drained. "I can't believe you two didn't tell me that you were planning this," Lucy said, looking between Jeremy and Sally-Anne. "Especially since you didn't even know if you would need to do it." "Like I said, you wouldn't have cooperated if you'd known about it," Sally-Anne said. "If you think that You-Know-Who wouldn't be interested in holding you hostage so that Harry would come save you, then you are—I'm sorry to say—stupider than I thought." "Thanks," Lucy deadpanned. Then she looked at Neville. "How did you get roped into this?" she asked him. "We volunteered," Neville answered. "They wanted you to be with someone you felt comfortable around, and Gran immediately said that we could help out." "Why didn't we know that your gran was part of the Order?" Lucy asked curiously. "Gran says that she's too old to be in the Order," Neville explained, "but she always told Dumbledore that she would be able and willing to help out in other ways." There was silence for a moment as Lucy absorbed the new information. "Haven't got anything to eat, have you, Neville?" Sally-Anne spoke up. "Sure, let's go down to the kitchen," Neville replied. He led the way down the stairs and to the back of the house. They entered a spacious kitchen and found a house-elf cleaning the stove. "Hello, Daisy," Neville said. "Master Neville!" the house-elf squeaked, turning around to smile at them. "And welcome to Master's guests! Is there anything Daisy can get you, sirs or misses?" "Yeah, have you got any tea in, Daisy?" Sally-Anne asked. "Of course, miss!" Daisy said. "Right away, miss! Anything else?" "Maybe just some sandwiches," Neville said, and Daisy hurried off to prepare their snack. "You can have a seat, if you like," Neville added, gesturing to the counter in the middle of the room. There were a few stools standing around it. Daisy came scurrying back to them as they all sat down around the counter. The house-elf dropped off a tray with a teapot and four cups for them. "Accio," Neville mumbled, waving his wand. From a cupboard across the room flew a bottle of Firewhiskey. He opened it and poured a small amount into one of the teacups. Then he topped it off with some tea and pushed it to Lucy. "I figured you might need that," he explained, and Lucy gave him a grateful look before taking a large gulp. After a few minutes of silence, Daisy returned with their sandwiches. She bowed low to them as they expressed their gratitude, and then she left the room. "I don't know what I'm going to do now," Lucy sighed after a few bites of her food. "I know I told Hermione that if they needed to leave without me, they should, but I didn't have a plan for if it actually happened that way. It's not like I can go back to Hogwarts." "What do you mean?" Neville asked. "If the Death Eaters have taken over the Ministry, they'll have control of Hogwarts, too," Lucy answered. "There's no way that they'd let me back in, although I don't know if I'd want to go back even if they did." Her eyes went wide. "What is it?" Jeremy asked urgently, noticing the look on her face. "I'm just trying to imagine what Hogwarts would even be like under a new regime based on hate and fear," Lucy replied. She vaguely remembered something Harry had once said in their first year: He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! She wondered how true that statement might be now that Voldemort had really taken over. "Lucy, it's okay," Jeremy said soothingly, putting his hand on her shoulder. "We don't have to worry about that right now. We'll just have to wait and see what the Ministry is going to do next." "You mean what the Death Eaters are going to do next," Sally-Anne said heavily. "They're the same thing now," Lucy whispered. "The Ministry has fallen, and most of the public has no idea." They finished their food in silence. Then they sat around in Neville's kitchen for a while longer, looking between one another but not saying anything. "Maybe we should get some sleep," Neville suggested. "Lucy," Jeremy said, shaking Lucy slightly. "Come on, there's nothing more that we can do tonight. We're just going to have to be patient—" There was a sudden burst of light, and Lucy jumped up as the silvery form of a Patronus flew into the room. It took the shape of a wolf, and Tonks's voice came out of it. "We are safe," it said. "Do not reply. Stay where you are. We will let you know when you can come home." Then it faded away. "They're safe," Lucy breathed, feeling so relieved that she collapsed back onto her stool. "They're okay." Jeremy got up and wrapped her into a hug. She relaxed in his arms. "Well, we need to get to sleep," Sally-Anne said. "I'm glad that they're safe. Now we have to do as they say, and stay put." Lucy nodded in agreement, and the four of them went upstairs. Lucy paused, wanting desperately to follow Jeremy to his room. However, knowing that she was a guest in Augusta Longbottom's house, she had to respect the woman's wishes. "You all right?" Jeremy asked. "It'll be weird sleeping in a different bedroom than you," Lucy admitted. "But I'll be fine. I love you." "I love you, too," Jeremy said before pressing a kiss to her mouth. Lucy followed Sally-Anne into the room that Mrs. Longbottom had designated as theirs. "What's all this?" Lucy asked when she found a bag sitting at the end of her bed. "Like we said, we'd had this planned for days," Sally-Anne said. "Jeremy and I tried to find clothes of yours that you wouldn't notice were missing to send here." "Thanks," Lucy said, pulling out an older pair of pajamas. Having some of her own things calmed her down considerably. "I still wish you would have told me about all this," she commented, sliding into her bed. The sheets were surprisingly soft. "You would have tried to talk us out of it," Sally-Anne said, also getting into her bed. "We know that you would have rather stayed and helped protect the Burrow, but it would have been too dangerous for you." "I know," Lucy sighed. "Good night, Sally-Anne." "Good night," Sally-Anne replied. ~LJ:TW~ Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne spent the next three days at the Longbottoms' home, waiting to receive any kind of information. Lucy was keeping a close eye on the Daily Prophet, but so far it hadn't said much. The only piece of news that interested Lucy was when the paper reported that Scrimgeour had resigned—which was a lie to cover up that he was, in fact, dead—and had been replaced by a man named Pius Thicknesse. "Obviously You-Know-Who doesn't want to bring attention to the fact that he's taken over the Ministry," Sally-Anne commented after Lucy had read the short article aloud. On the third morning of their stay, Jeremy was the first one to get his hands on the paper, and he let out a shout. "What?" Lucy asked immediately. Jeremy turned the paper around and held it up so that Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Neville could see it. There, right on the front page, was a large photo of Harry. Lucy looked immediately to the headline, worried that maybe they had captured him. Wanted for Questioning About the Death of Albus Dumbledore Lucy breathed a sigh of relief. "I thought they'd found him," she explained to the others. "Why would the Ministry think that Harry killed Dumbledore?" Neville asked. "Well, for one, Rita Skeeter wrote earlier this summer that Harry was seen running from the tower just after Dumbledore had fallen," Sally-Anne pointed out. "Nobody but Harry and a few Death Eaters witnessed what actually happened." "And of course, the Ministry is going to try and take the public's mind off You-Know-Who," Jeremy added. "What better way than to try and discredit Harry?" "Can I see that?" Lucy asked, pointing to the Prophet. Jeremy slid the paper over to her, and she opened up to the next page. Another article drew her eye immediately; this headline read Muggleborn Register. "Listen to this," Lucy said before reading the article aloud. The Ministry of Magic is undertaking a survey of so-called "Muggleborns," the better to understand how they came to possess magical secrets. Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no proven Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so-called Muggleborn is likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force. The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers of magical power, and to this end has issued an invitation to every so-called Muggleborn, to present themselves for interview by the newly appointed Muggleborn Registration Commission. "That's disgusting," Sally-Anne said. "How could anyone let this happen?" Before conversation could go further, four owls swooped into the kitchen. They each dropped an envelope onto the table before taking off again out the open window. "Hogwarts letters!" Neville said, passing an envelope each to the other three. They all tore into the envelopes and found, instead of their usual welcome note and supply list, an announcement letter. Dear Miss Jones, We are writing to inform you that the Ministry of Magic has announced that attendance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry will now be compulsory. No students living in Britain may attend any school abroad, nor may parents teach their children from home. Before any student may attend Hogwarts School, they must be given a Blood Status. The Ministry will be giving Blood Statuses to all school-aged children for free. Every school-aged child has been given an appointment with the Ministry to present themselves and receive their Blood Status. Your appointment will be as follows: Lucy Jones, August thirteenth Failure to comply with these rules will result in appropriate lawful action. Yours, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Board of Governors "Blood Status?" Lucy asked with a hollow laugh. "They're making attendance compulsory now, too," Jeremy pointed out. "All those poor Muggleborn students," Lucy muttered to herself. "What?" Sally-Anne asked. "Well, think about it," Lucy said. "There's this Muggleborn Registration Commission now that will be taking Muggleborns into custody. Everyone who will be attending Hogwarts needs to get a Blood Status and prove that they are of Wizarding descent. There's no way that the Muggleborn students will be able to go to Hogwarts this year." "I suppose that's true…" Jeremy said slowly, frowning. Lucy's mind started to race. "We need to help the Muggleborn students whose families can't go abroad," she stated. "Wait—what?" Sally-Anne yelped. "What are we supposed to do about it?" "We can't let these young kids get killed just because they're Muggleborn!" Lucy insisted. "Nobody said that they're killing them," Neville said. "Well, what do you think they're going to do?" Lucy asked. "This Muggleborn Registration Commission is going to be pulling any and all Muggleborns from Wizarding society. Do you really think they're just going to take their wands and let them go on their way back into the Muggle world?" "I—I guess not," Neville said, looking horrified. "I need to talk to Professor McGonagall," Lucy said. "We have to find out how to hide the Muggleborns that can't get out of the country." "How are you going to talk to McGonagall?" Sally-Anne asked doubtfully. "We don't even know where she lives over the summer. Maybe she won't even be back at Hogwarts this year!" Lucy was silent for a few moments while she thought. Then she said suddenly, "Daisy." "What?" Neville asked, startled. "We can send your house-elf to find her and give her a message!" Lucy said. "I don't know," Neville said. "My gran might notice if she's gone for too long." "It's worth a try, isn't it?" Lucy asked. "Please, Neville—I need to talk to her." There was a pause. "Fine, we can try," Neville agreed. "Daisy?" The house-elf hurried over to her master and bowed low to the ground. "I have a job for you," Neville said. "I need you to find Professor Minerva McGonagall and tell her to come here, if she can." "Of course, Master," Daisy said. "Daisy will leave right away!" "Oh, and Daisy?" Neville said before Daisy could leave. The house-elf turned back to him, and Neville said, "Please don't tell my gran about this." "Yes, Master," Daisy said. Then, with a crack, she Disapparated. ~LJ:TW~ "I hope you know that this is quite unorthodox, Miss Jones," Professor Minerva McGonagall said, settling down into an armchair in the Longbottoms' sitting room. "We teachers do have lives outside of school, I'm sure you know." "Yes, well, it's a bit of an emergency," Lucy said. "Thank you for coming." She took a breath and said, "We need to do something to protect the Muggleborn students." Professor McGonagall looked taken aback as she stared at Lucy. "Please explain yourself, Miss Jones," she said after a moment. "I'm sure that you know about the Ministry's current… condition," Lucy began. Professor McGonagall nodded, and Lucy continued, "Then you are also aware that they are trying to keep the Muggleborns out of school. I don't know what's going to happen to them if we leave them to the Muggleborn Registration Commission, but it can't be anything good. We can't let these under-aged children suffer just because they happen to be Muggleborns." Professor McGonagall studied Lucy carefully for a few moments before speaking. "I agree with you," she said slowly. "I have already taken it upon myself to remove the letters that would go to the first-year Muggleborns. I'm assuming you have seen your letters already?" "Yes, we got them this morning," Lucy replied. "Have they appointed a headmaster or headmistress yet?" "No," Professor McGonagall said, "and if the Ministry is indeed under the control of You-Know-Who, we can only assume that he will be placing—one of his own into that position." "I'm sure that many Muggleborns will be going into hiding," Lucy said, "but I'm also sure there are many young Muggleborns with families that won't understand how much danger they're in. And—well, it's also not fair that they won't be able to continue their education." "What is it exactly that you need from me, Miss Jones?" Professor McGonagall asked. "I need a list of the Muggleborn students," Lucy answered. "We need to find them before they go to the Ministry to receive their Blood Statuses, and we need to either convince their families to leave the country or at least let us take the children into our protection." "Where would you be housing all these children?" Professor McGonagall asked. "There are many Muggleborn students, as I'm sure you are aware." "My house is a safe house with a Fidelius Charm on it," Lucy said. "If we can get all the Muggleborn students there, they can hide for now. They can't stay there forever, though." "Where do you suggest that we move them?" Professor McGonagall questioned. "The safest place in the Wizarding world," Lucy replied. "Hogwarts." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: I'm not sure if it was obvious that Lucy was going to get left behind, but here we are: Lucy has been left behind. The original idea was that Lucy was going to remain behind voluntarily, because Dumbledore left her a mission to protect the Muggleborns. But, like I said before, that made Lucy a little too special in my eyes. So instead, I decided that she should get left behind. So now, Lucy decides that she needs to help the Muggleborn students partially because she wants to be doing something to help. She can't risk trying to find and meet up with Harry, Ron, and Hermione, so she feels like she needs to be doing something. She's definitely showing her Gryffindor tendencies, coming up with a plan on the fly to try and help people. The next chapter is the first Interlude!
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Interlude 1 – Escape "Where are we?" Ron asked. "Tottenham Court Road," Hermione answered. "Walk—just walk—we need to find somewhere for you to change." Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried down the street, dodging around groups of people, who, thankfully, didn't pay them any attention. Most of them were laughing and talking loudly with each other—some were even stumbling drunkenly along. "Hermione, we haven't got anything to change into," Ron pointed out as they continued on. "Why didn't I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak with me?" Harry grumbled, looking upset with himself. "All last year, I kept it on me, and—" "It's okay," Hermione insisted. "I've got the cloak, and I've got clothes for both of you. Just try and act naturally until—this will do." She stopped suddenly, turning down a side street. The boys followed her a bit further until they found a deserted alleyway. Hermione hid behind a rubbish bin and slid her beaded bag off her shoulder. She opened it and stuck her entire arm inside. "When you say you've got the cloak and clothes…" Harry began, looking confused at what his friend was doing. "Yes, they're here," Hermione answered him. She began pulling out clothing, dropping them to the ground before finally finding the Invisibility Cloak and passing it over to Harry. Ron gaped at her before asking, "How in the ruddy hell—?" "Undetectable Extension Charm," Hermione replied. "Tricky, but I think I've done it okay; anyway, I've managed to fit everything we need in here." She shook the bag, and there was the muffled sound of objects bouncing off each other. "Oh, damn, that'll be the books," Hermione commented, opening the bag and examining the inside. "And I had them all stacked by subject.… Oh, well. Harry, you'd better take the Invisibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change." She handed Ron his clothes. "When did you do all this?" Harry questioned. "I told you at the Burrow," Hermione answered impatiently. "I've had the essentials packed for days, you know, in case we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this morning, Harry, after you changed—put it in here—I just had a feeling…" "You're amazing, you are," Ron complimented, handing over the dress robes that he'd just taken off. "Thank you," Hermione replied, her cheeks tinging pink. "Please, Harry, get that cloak on!" Harry did as he was told. As he stood in the alleyway with his friends, the events of the night repeated in his head, and he began to slowly come to terms with all that had happened. "Where's Lucy?" he asked, realizing that she wasn't with them. Hermione froze for a fraction of a second before saying, "She—she didn't make it in time." "What the fuck does that mean?" Harry demanded. "Where is she?" "She was across the tent from us," Hermione told him softly. "She told us to go without her." "What? Why?" Harry asked, frustrated. "Because I made her a promise," Hermione explained. "The morning after we had gotten you from the Dursleys, she made me swear that if we needed to leave and she wasn't there, we should go without her. Keeping you safe and hunting the Horcruxes was more important than making sure the four of us were together." "Why didn't she tell me any of this?" Harry wondered. "I think she was assuming that she was going to come with us," Hermione answered. "But there wasn't enough time. She wouldn't have made it to us before the Death Eaters arrived, and it was more important for us to get you out of there." "Can't we just go back for her?" Harry asked. "You heard Kingsley," Ron cut in. "The Ministry has fallen. We have to stay out of sight. It's only a matter of time until your face winds up on a wanted poster, mate." "Lucy only wants to protect you," Hermione added. Harry was quiet for a moment. Regardless of what Hermione and Ron told him, he still felt a sense of guilt. He'd only known that Lucy was his sister for about a year, but they'd been friends for many more before that. Of everyone that he could count on, Lucy had always been first in line—even before Ginny—even before Ron or Hermione. "Are you all right, Harry?" Hermione asked when he still hadn't said anything. "Yeah—fine," Harry answered shortly. It was a lie; nothing about their current situation was fine. He only hoped Lucy knew what she was doing and would remain safe. "What about the others? Everyone at the wedding? We have to—" "We can't worry about them now," Hermione interrupted. She knew that his emotions were finally catching up to him, so she decided to not press him about Lucy. "It's you they're after, Harry, and we'll just put everyone in even more danger going back." "She's right," Ron agreed. "Most of the Order were there; they'll look after everyone." "Yeah," Harry said, anxiety crawling over him. "Yeah." "Come on," Hermione said; Ron was finished changing his clothes. "I think we ought to keep moving." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Here's the first interlude! As you can see, it will be a few short insights into what Harry, Ron, and Hermione are doing while Lucy is helping the Muggleborns.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 8 – The Muggleborns "Hogwarts?" Professor McGonagall repeated, looking incredulous. "How in the world do you think you'd be able to hide a group of students at Hogwarts while it is under You-Know-Who's control?" "I don't know yet," Lucy admitted. "There has to be a way, though." Professor McGonagall let out a long sigh. "I can get you the list of students," she said, "on one condition." "What's that?" Lucy asked warily. "I'm going to come with you to visit the families," Professor McGonagall said firmly. "Telling a family to part ways with their young ones because a killer has taken over our government is going to be difficult enough; it might be helpful to have an adult along." "There is another way," Lucy said slowly. She paused, thinking about how she wanted to word her next statement. "Do go on, Miss Jones," Professor McGonagall said. "Memory Charms," Lucy suggested. "That's what Hermione did to her parents. She used a Memory Charm on them, so that they forgot about her and then moved to Australia. We could use Memory Charms on the families to make them forget their children and leave the country." Professor McGonagall said, "That is—" "Very risky, I know," Lucy finished for her. "It's a morally gray area, too, which I'm also aware of. But think about it: we go to the house and take the Muggleborn away. Their family gets left behind. The Muggleborn doesn't show up to receive their Blood Status, and the Ministry goes knocking on their door. It's just as important to protect the families as it is to protect the Muggleborns." "When you put it that way…" Professor McGonagall trailed off, looking thoughtful. "The hardest part will be determining whether we let the Muggleborns decide if we use Memory Charms on their families or not," Lucy sighed. She bit her lip for a moment before continuing, "I suppose we could leave it up to the parents.… It's not like they'll remember that they agreed after the charm has been performed." "That will have to do," Professor McGonagall said. "We cannot leave such a big decision up to young children. And what happens after You-Know-Who is defeated, and the Muggleborns no longer have to hide?" "We'll be able to lift the Memory Charms at that point," Lucy said. "Which means we'll need a way to track the families who agree to it. I know it's not ideal—" "It's far from ideal," Professor McGonagall agreed. "As far as I see it, we don't have much of a choice. Because you're right—we cannot subject children to the horrors that You-Know-Who would inflict on them just because they are Muggleborns." "So when can we start gathering them?" Lucy asked. "Well, appointments to receive Blood Statuses start on the tenth," Professor McGonagall said. "We'll need to reach out to these students before they go into the Ministry. I say the sooner the better." "I agree, although there is one thing," Lucy said. "We're waiting for the all-clear from Remus and Tonks before going back home, and I don't want to ask Mrs. Longbottom if we can move a bunch of students into her home—" "Excuse me, Miss Jones." Mrs. Longbottom had appeared in the sitting room doorway. "Minerva, how lovely to see you," she said. "I just wanted to inform Miss Jones that if she needed to hide some Muggleborn students here, you would be more than welcome to do so." Lucy felt her eyebrows rising, and Mrs. Longbottom chuckled, "Surprised?" "Yes," Lucy answered honestly. "Well, as I'm sure my grandson told you, I'm much too old to be fighting for the Order," Mrs. Longbottom said. "However, if I can help in any other way, I will." "That's settled, then," Professor McGonagall said. "I will be here tomorrow morning at nine a.m. with the list of Muggleborn students." Lucy nodded, and the professor stood up to leave. She paused, turned back to Lucy, and said, "Because of these events, I'm assuming that Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, and Miss Granger will not be joining us at Hogwarts this year. Will you?" "No," Lucy said with a shake of her head. "I don't think the Death Eaters would let me walk through those doors, let alone go down to the Ministry to get my Blood Status." "That could indeed pose a problem," Professor McGonagall said. "I'll see you tomorrow." She left the room, with Mrs. Longbottom following her. "How'd it go?" Lucy turned to see Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and Neville coming into the room from a different door. "Like you don't know," she said teasingly. She knew full well that her three friends would have been listening to the conversation. "You know, I was thinking," Neville began, "if we want to hide the students at Hogwarts at some point… maybe we could use the Room of Requirement." "That's an idea," Lucy said thoughtfully. "If anyone figured out what we were doing, they'd be able to find us pretty easily, though. That's how Umbridge busted the D.A." "Unless we give the room instructions that it can only let certain people in," Neville said. "If we made it so the room couldn't to be discovered by anyone working with the Death Eaters or the Ministry, it just might work." "Well, we can't have anyone walking in on a room full of Muggleborns that shouldn't be there," Lucy said. "We're going to have to test it. And by we, I mean you three, and whoever else wants to help. Not to mention we'd have to figure out how to get food into the room, since the room can't produce food on its own." "How do you know it can't?" Neville asked curiously. "When we found it to use for the D.A., I tried to make some food appear for me, but it didn't work," Lucy replied. "How many Muggleborns do you think will come?" Jeremy asked. "No idea," Lucy said. "I'm sure it's going to be difficult for some families to part with their children. But they belong at Hogwarts, no matter what the Death Eaters and blood purists think." "We can only hope that their families will agree with that," Sally-Anne said. ~LJ:TW~ "Nervous, Miss Jones?" Lucy looked up at Professor McGonagall, who was standing next to her on Kevin Entwhistle's doorstep. He was the first Muggleborn they were visiting. "A little bit," Lucy responded. "I want to help them, but I don't know how we're going to convince these parents to let us take their children and then put Memory Charms on them." "Well, let's find out," Professor McGonagall said. She leaned forward and rang the doorbell. The two of them waited for a few moments. Professor McGonagall then knocked on the door. Again, they waited, but there was no answer. "Are you looking for the Entwhistles?" a voice nearby called to them. Lucy and Professor McGonagall turned to see a neighbor watching them curiously. "Yes," Professor McGonagall answered. "I'm afraid they've just moved," the neighbor informed them. "All four of them, just a few days ago. Mrs. Entwhistle was saying that she wanted to go somewhere with a bit more sun." "Did they tell you where they were going?" Professor McGonagall asked. "Spain, I think," the neighbor said. "Mr. Entwhistle has a relative who lives there." "Thank you for your help," Professor McGonagall said. The neighbor waved and went back into her house. "I'm hoping most of the Muggleborn families left the country," Lucy said as she and Professor McGonagall walked away from the front door. "That would make protecting them much easier. Who's next?" "Justin Finch-Fletchley," Professor McGonagall answered. She held her arm out to Lucy, who took hold of it. Then Professor McGonagall spun on the spot, and they Disapparated. ~LJ:TW~ They appeared in a completely different neighborhood. Professor McGonagall led the way up to the door of the Finch-Fletchleys' home. She knocked, and she and Lucy waited. This time, there was an answer. "Can I help you?" a young girl asked. "We're looking for Mr. or Mrs. Finch-Fletchley, please," Professor McGonagall said. The girl nodded and went into the house. A moment later, a woman came to the door. "I'm Laurie Finch-Fletchley," the woman said. "Good morning, Mrs. Finch-Fletchley," Professor McGonagall said in a business-like tone. "We met once before, about six years ago. My name is Minerva McGonagall, and I'm a professor at Hogwarts School." "Yes," Mrs. Finch-Fletchley said, frowning. "I was going to write about the letter we received the other day." "That is also why we are here," Professor McGonagall said. "This is Lucy Jones; she is a classmate of your son's." Lucy shook Mrs. Finch-Fletchley's hand, and Professor McGonagall requested, "We were wondering if your son was home, and if so, could we speak to you both?" "Of course—come in," Mrs. Finch-Fletchley said. She showed them into the sitting room before calling for Justin to join them. "Hi, Lucy," Justin said, sounding surprised, as he entered the room. "Hi, Justin," Lucy replied, giving him a small smile. Then she looked at Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall briefly explained to Mrs. Finch-Fletchley and Justin what was happening in the Wizarding world. She cut to the point very quickly, which Lucy was grateful for. Mrs. Finch-Fletchley was nearly in tears by the time Professor McGonagall had finished explaining. "But why would they want to hurt my son?" she asked in a wobbling voice. "Mum, they want to hurt all Muggleborns," Justin said, his voice hard. "I've told you about the blood purists before, remember?" "What about us?" Mrs. Finch-Fletchley asked, looking at Professor McGonagall. "When Justin doesn't show up for school, won't they come looking for him?" "We're not sure," Professor McGonagall said. "The best solution is to move out of the country. However, I know that is unrealistic for some families. If you do choose to stay, I'm sure they will send someone to interrogate you about your son." Mrs. Finch-Fletchley stared at Professor McGonagall, the fear obvious in her eyes. "We can't leave the country," she said in a small voice. "I can't take my daughters out of school and uproot them from their lives, but I want to protect Justin.…" She pulled a handkerchief from her pocket and blew her nose into it. "I'm going with them, Mum," Justin said suddenly, and Mrs. Finch-Fletchley turned to her son, startled. "If they come asking for me, tell them that I ran away," Justin continued. "I have to do the right thing, and I have to keep you safe." "Oh, Justin!" Mrs. Finch-Fletchley sobbed, throwing her arms around his neck. Lucy and Professor McGonagall exchanged a glance. "There actually is another solution," Professor McGonagall said. "There is?" Mrs. Finch-Fletchley asked. "Yes," Professor McGonagall said. "We could place a Memory Charm on you, your husband, and your daughters. It would make you forget all about Justin and the Wizarding world. Hopefully it would protect you from the danger, and we can lift it once Justin is safe again." Mrs. Finch-Fletchley stared at Professor McGonagall. Lucy could see the doubt in the other woman's eyes. "But—my son," Mrs. Finch Fletchley whispered. "My only son. I couldn't—I—" "If you truly want to protect your son, this may be the best way to do it," Lucy spoke up finally. Mrs. Finch-Fletchley broke down again. Justin simply patted her back, but his gaze was steady as he looked at Lucy. "Do it," he said. Lucy gave him a sad smile; she knew that she could count on his selflessness to protect his family by any means necessary. "I must have your mother's permission first," Professor McGonagall said. "I will not perform such magic on someone without their consent." "Do it," Mrs. Finch-Fletchley said so quietly that Lucy almost missed it. "If it's going to protect my son, please… do it." "Your husband and daughters will need to be present," Professor McGonagall said. Then, as Mrs. Finch-Fletchley went to fetch the rest of her family, she murmured to Lucy, "Go with Justin and help him pack his things. He doesn't need to be here to see this." Lucy nodded both her agreement and understanding. She turned to Justin and said, "Come on. Let's get your stuff." Justin led her upstairs to his room. She waited out in the hallway as he packed his belongings, and she could hear Professor McGonagall performing the Memory Charm downstairs. A few minutes later, Justin rejoined Lucy. "Do you have everything?" Lucy asked. "And I do mean everything. If they see anything of yours, it might disrupt the Memory Charm." "Yes," Justin replied, gesturing for Lucy to look inside his bedroom. Lucy took a few steps forward to see a bare room. She nodded and turned back to him. "Ready for this?" she asked. The two of them went down the stairs to find his family looking a bit dazed. Justin's face fell as he took in their empty gazes. "Come along," Professor McGonagall said briskly. "They won't remember the first few minutes after the charm was placed on them, so let's go before they ask what we're doing in their house." ~LJ:TW~ Just like that, they had their first Muggleborn student. After they exited Justin's house, Professor McGonagall transported his trunk to the Longbottoms'. Then she explained to Justin what exactly the Memory Charm she'd placed on his family had done. They Apparated Justin back to the Longbottoms', and then Lucy and Professor McGonagall continued on their mission. By the end of the night, they had gathered seven more Muggleborn students to protect. Some of the families they visited refused to let their children leave them, and Lucy and Professor McGonagall had convinced most of them to go abroad instead. Other houses were empty, the families already having fled the country. "I will return again tomorrow morning at nine," Professor McGonagall said when she and Lucy had Apparated back to the Longbottoms' home. "Sounds good, Professor," Lucy said, "and thank you." Professor McGonagall nodded once, stepped away from the door, and Disapparated. Lucy turned and went into the house. "Good evening, Miss Jones," Mrs. Longbottom greeted. "Hello, Mrs. Longbottom," Lucy said. "Busy day, I see," Mrs. Longbottom said. "Everyone is in the kitchen having dinner. Daisy has been a bit overwhelmed; she hasn't had to tend to this many people in a long time." "Sorry about that," Lucy said sheepishly. "That's quite all right," Mrs. Longbottom said briskly. "I'll leave you to tend to them. We have three other guest rooms, and we can add more cots as we get more Muggleborns. How many more families do you need to visit?" "I'm not sure," Lucy said. "Professor McGonagall has the list, but she said it should only take a couple more days." Mrs. Longbottom nodded and said good night before heading for her room. Lucy went into the kitchen to see the small group sitting around the table. "Welcome back," Jeremy said, getting up and walking over to Lucy. He kissed her quickly, and Lucy smiled at him. "So, how's everyone settling in?" Lucy asked, looking at the eight Muggleborn students they had managed to round up. "Everything's been okay," Justin said. "It was hard to have to leave our families on short notice, but it's necessary to keep them safe." Lucy nodded. "Equally importantly, it's to keep all of you safe," she said. She looked at the two youngest boys in the room, who were only thirteen years old. "I know it isn't easy," she said quietly, "but it'll be for the best. We don't know what that Muggle Registration Commission is planning on doing, but they probably won't let you go back to school." "What happens next?" Tracey Abercrombie asked. She was a fifteen-year-old Gryffindor who would have been starting her fifth year at school. "Well, we're going to be here at the Longbottoms' for a little while longer," Lucy said. "When we get the all-clear, we'll go back to my place. We'll make sure that there will be plenty of room for everyone." "So we're just going to hide out until You-Know-Who is defeated?" Colin Creevey spoke up. He was a sixteen-year-old Gryffindor who had been a little obsessed with Harry when he was younger. "This is all I've got right now," Lucy said with a shrug. There was a moment of silence. "Where's Harry?" Colin asked. "I figured he was going to be here, too." "Well, he's not," Lucy replied shortly. She sighed and continued, "Sorry. I don't know how many of you get the Daily Prophet, but a few days ago it reported that the Ministry are looking for Harry, to question him about Dumbledore's death." "What, they reckon Harry killed Dumbledore?" Tracey asked incredulously. "The Ministry has been taken over by You-Know-Who," Sally-Anne reminded her. "They're just trying to distract the public by making us think that maybe Harry isn't the golden boy we all believe him to be." "Harry didn't kill Dumbledore, did he, Lucy?" Euan Abercrombie, Tracey's younger brother, asked in a small voice, and Tracey quickly put her arm around him. "Of course Harry didn't kill Dumbledore," Lucy said soothingly. "Then who did?" Euan asked. "Snape," Neville spat in a hard voice. "Snape killed Dumbledore." There was silence again. "Look, I'm sure it's been a very hard day for you all," Lucy said. "Did you find out where you're going to be sleeping while you're here?" There were murmurs of confirmation throughout the Muggleborns. "Good," Lucy added. "Well, if you don't mind, I think I'm going to go up to my room now. I'm beat." "Don't you want something to eat?" Neville asked in concern. "I'll be all right," Lucy replied. "I'll come with you," Jeremy said firmly, taking her hand in his. Lucy smiled at him before leading the way out of the kitchen. The two of them climbed the stairs to the second floor and went into the room Lucy was staying in. Lucy went straight to her bed and collapsed onto it. "Are you all right?" Jeremy asked immediately. Lucy held her hand out, and Jeremy took it. She pulled him down onto the bed next to her. "I'm just tired," she told him in a rough voice. "It was really hard to pull these kids from their families, especially the young ones." She sighed. "I just hope that I'm doing the right thing. You should have seen some of their faces when they saw their families after the Memory Charm had been put on them." "Well, what else could we do?" Jeremy asked. "The Ministry will never let them go back to Hogwarts, especially if they have to prove if they have magical blood." "I don't know," Lucy sighed. "Ship them all off to the States?" "That's not practical," Jeremy replied. "I know," Lucy said. "I wish none of this was happening," she confessed in a low voice. "I wish that we could be going back to Hogwarts like it was any normal year. I just want to go to classes, and sit with you in the Great Hall while we eat lunch with all our friends." She looked over at Jeremy. "How do I even know if they're alive? What if Harry or Ron or Hermione are dead?" "We'd know if they were dead," Jeremy said reassuringly. "We'd know if Harry was dead," Lucy corrected him. She curled up against his side, nestling under his arm. Jeremy pressed a kiss onto her head. "We're going to get through this," he murmured. "We're going to beat him." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: At first, I just had the Muggleborns leave their families without doing any Memory Charms. It basically left the families as sitting ducks, so I thought that taking a leaf out of Hermione's book would be the most obvious idea for Lucy. I also think it's important to note that, while they gathered 8 Muggleborn students, they convinced a lot more to leave the country. The ones that they've taken with them are definitely in the minority.
A/N: Happy Veterans Day to all the veterans out there! Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 9 – Going Home The next few days were very busy for Lucy. She and Professor McGonagall continued to round up any Muggleborn students that they could persuade. By the end of the week, they had visited every family on Professor McGonagall's list. They had managed to find fifteen Muggleborns that were willing to go with them, and they'd convinced many more families to flee the country. The Longbottom household became very crowded with all the students there. There had also been no word from Remus or Tonks, meaning they were stuck at the Longbottoms' until further notice. "I feel bad imposing on you and your gran for so long, Neville," Lucy confessed the night after she'd finished her mission with Professor McGonagall. She was standing in the kitchen with Neville, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne. "It's all right, Lucy," Neville repeated once more. "The Ministry is beginning to haul off Muggleborns left and right, but we can't let them do that to children." Suddenly, a bright ball of light flew into the room. The Patronus stopped in front of Lucy, and then it took the shape of a wolf. Tonks's voice came out of it. "We are ready," the voice said. "Apparate into the woods on the west side of the house. Remus will be waiting for you there." "They're safe!" Lucy gasped in relief as the Patronus faded. "We can go home now!" "How are we going to get all of these Muggleborns to your house without being spotted?" Neville asked doubtfully. "I'll go and meet Remus right now," Lucy replied. "That way I can tell him the plan, so he and Tonks will be prepared. Then Sally-Anne, Jeremy, and I will Apparate each of the Muggleborns one-by-one. I know Justin and Roger could technically Apparate, as well, but they don't know where we're going. We can still Apparate from inside the house, right?" "I'm not sure," Neville replied. "Let me go and find Gran." He turned and hurried from the room. "This is going to be awfully risky," Sally-Anne pointed out. "Not necessarily," Lucy replied, pulling her wand out. Then she tapped herself on the head and muttered a Disillusionment Charm. A cold feeling trickled down her neck and her back. She heard Jeremy and Sally-Anne gasp in surprise. "A spell that makes you invisible?" Sally-Anne asked in fascination. "It's more like a camouflage," Lucy replied. "If I move around very quickly, you'd be able to see something. But it'll be good enough under the cover of darkness." She waved her wand again, removing the charm and becoming visible once more. "It'll have to do," she finished. Neville reentered the room, leading his gran with him. "Good evening, Miss Jones," Mrs. Longbottom greeted. "I hear that Remus and Nymphadora are waiting to meet with you." "Yes," Lucy replied with a nod. "We can still Apparate from inside the house, correct?" "That's right," Mrs. Longbottom said, "but you are going to take necessary precautions, in case this is some kind of trap, aren't you?" Lucy blanched. "I didn't even think about that," she confessed. "Is it possible to imitate a Patronus?" "Not that I know of," Mrs. Longbottom said. "There's always the possibility that Remus or Nymphadora were captured and tortured into sending for you." Lucy thought for a moment. "I'm still going," she decided. Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and Neville began to protest, but Lucy held her hand up to silence them. "I have to check, don't I? I'll just put the Disillusionment Charm back on, Apparate into the woods, and figure out what's happening." "I'm going with you," Jeremy said immediately. "There is no way that you're going to go anywhere by yourself." "I can take care of myself," Lucy replied irritably. "I'm not saying you can't," Jeremy retorted. He and Lucy stared at each other for a moment before Lucy gave in. "All right, fine," she sighed. "But if anything happens, and you have the chance to save yourself, do it. The Muggleborns need all our help, not just me." Jeremy pursed his lips but nodded. Lucy turned her attention back to the others and said, "We'll leave right now and scope out the situation. If we're not back in—" She paused to look at the watch on her wrist; it had been a birthday gift from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. "—ten minutes, something bad has happened." Sally-Anne, Neville, and Mrs. Longbottom all murmured their understanding, and Jeremy took Lucy's hand. "We'll see you in a bit," Lucy promised before letting Jeremy lead her from the room. They went out into the foyer, and then Lucy pulled out her wand. Keeping Jeremy's hand in hers, she tapped his head first, muttering the words for the Disillusionment Charm, and then she performed the spell on herself. "Are you ready?" Lucy asked. "This is wild," Jeremy's voice replied. "I can see through myself." Lucy snickered. "I'll take that as a yes," she said. Then she turned on her heel, and, with a crack, they Disapparated. ~LJ:TW~ Seconds later, they reappeared in a dark, wooded area. "Who's there?" a voice asked. It was Remus, and he sounded both worried and exhausted. "Homenum Revelio," Lucy muttered as quietly as she could. The spell revealed that there was only one person present in the woods with them, meaning that there were no Death Eaters around. Then she removed her Disillusionment Charm. "Lucy!" Jeremy hissed, but Lucy shushed him. "Remus?" she called. She heard rustling in the undergrowth nearby. Remus burst into view, and he looked as tired as he had sounded. "Lucy!" he gasped. "Are you alone?" "No, Jeremy's with me," Lucy replied. "He has a Disillusionment Charm on him right now. We weren't sure whether this was a trap or not, so we took precautions. Speaking of—" She raised her wand and pointed it at Remus. "Just to be safe," she added, "what is Remus Lupin's favorite non-chocolate candy?" "Licorice wands," Remus answered immediately. Lucy lowered her wand. "I'm sorry for all this," she said, "but we're just trying to stay safe. We're ready to come home, though. The only thing is—well, we've gathered a few Muggleborns that need protecting. Can we bring them all here?" "You've what?" Remus asked, looking alarmed. "I don't know if you've seen the Prophet lately, but the Ministry isn't allowing Muggleborns to go back to school," Lucy said. "They're being gathered up by the dozens and taken away, probably to Azkaban. Professor McGonagall and I talked to as many Muggleborns and their families as we could find. I couldn't let the Ministry take all those children off to Azkaban." "How many are there?" Remus asked. "Fifteen," Lucy answered. "Fifteen?" Remus repeated faintly. "You expect us to house fifteen more people in this tiny cabin?" "Tonks said that you were the best she knew at construction spells!" Lucy exclaimed. "We just need one big room; we can put up curtains to separate the beds. Oh, and two bathrooms." "Oh, yes, because adding a few rooms is so easy," Remus said sarcastically. Lucy shrugged. "It's the best we can do with short notice," she said. "Besides, we won't be here for too long—when we get back to Hogwarts—" "Hogwarts?" Remus yelped. "You can't seriously be thinking about going back to Hogwarts now that the Ministry has been overthrown!" "Lucy, we need to get back to the Longbottoms' before they think something bad happened to us," Jeremy's voice spoke up. Lucy nodded. "We'll be back with the Muggleborns, Remus," she said. "I'll tell you everything when we get everyone home safely. You'll have to write down the address, too, since you're the Secret Keeper. Then the Muggleborns will be able to get into the house." "I—yes, of course," Remus said. He sighed and added, "I'm glad that you're safe." "I'm glad that you and Tonks are safe, too," Lucy shot back. "We'll be back with the first Muggleborns very soon. I'll send the luggage ahead." She turned back to Jeremy and added, "Can you take my hand, please? I still can't see you." She felt Jeremy comply, and then she turned on her heel once again. ~LJ:TW~ "Ten minutes on the dot," Sally-Anne said as Lucy and Jeremy reappeared in the Longbottoms' house. "Is Jeremy with you?" "Yes," Lucy replied. She pulled her wand out and removed the Disillusionment Charm from Jeremy. "Everything is ready—well, mostly ready for them. We just need to make sure that they're packed, and we can start sending their trunks to the house. Have you told them the news yet?" "Yeah, we let them know what was happening," Sally-Anne answered. "We even told them to get packed up, just in case. They're in the dining room, waiting for you." Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne went to the dining room and found all fifteen Muggleborns sitting around the large table. "Are you all ready to leave?" Lucy asked, and the Muggleborns nodded. "All right," Lucy began. "I'm going to be sending your trunks to the house we'll be staying at for a while. Then we'll be Apparating there. We'll have to go three at a time, one each with me, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne." "I can Apparate, as well," Roger Malone, a seventh-year Hufflepuff, volunteered. "Well, unfortunately, you don't know where we're going," Lucy said gently. "It'll be easier this way, trust me. I know a lot of you had never Apparated before Professor McGonagall and I came to get you, and I know most of you didn't enjoy the experience, but there really is no other way to move all of you." For the next few minutes, Lucy sent everyone's trunks to the cabin. Then she gathered everyone together in the foyer. "I'll be placing a Disillusionment Charm on each of you," Lucy said. "It'll make you invisible, just for an extra precaution. We'll go youngest first, if everyone's okay with that." There were general murmurs of agreement. "All right, then: Al, Euan, and Danny, you three will go first," Lucy instructed. The three young boys stepped forward and paired off with Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne. Lucy quickly cast a Disillusionment Charm over the six of them. There were gasps of surprise from the other students as Lucy cast the charm. "We'll be back for the next group soon!" Lucy assured them, even though they couldn't see her. "Hold on tight, Al." Making sure that Al was grabbing her arm, she spun on the spot. When they reached the woods once more, she heard retching coming from next to her. "You all right?" she asked. The young boy was still holding onto her arm for support. "I thought I wasn't going to be able to breathe again," Al said. "Just take a few deep breaths," Lucy told him. "It takes a while to get used to Apparition." She could hear the similar moans coming from Euan and Danny, meaning that Jeremy and Sally-Anne had arrived right behind them. Then she looked around and saw a figure standing a few yards away at the edge of the wood. "Remus?" Lucy called, walking towards the person. Remus turned around, a piece of paper in his hands. Lucy lifted the Disillusionment Charm over herself and Al. Then she removed it from Euan and Danny, after having them take her hand so she could do so. "Dora and I just finished bringing the trunks into the house," Remus informed them. Lucy nodded before turning back to the boys. "Read the address on this piece of paper, and then think hard about what you just read," Lucy instructed, taking the parchment from Remus and holding it in front of the boys. They read the words on the page, and after a few seconds, they gasped. "There's a house!" Euan cried. "Go on inside," Remus instructed. "My wife Dora has some food for you all." Al, Euan, and Danny walked hesitantly up to the house and disappeared through the front door. "We'll go get the next batch," Lucy said. ~LJ:TW~ It took Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne four more trips to relocate all the Muggleborns. When they returned to the Longbottoms' house for the last three students, they made sure to thank Neville and his grandmother for letting them stay for so long. "It was nothing, really," Mrs. Longbottom said with a wave of her hand. "Just do your best to keep those children safe." "Yes, ma'am," Lucy said. Then she turned to Neville and said, "I want you to take this." She pulled out one of the pocket watches that she'd received from Dumbledore's will. "This pocket watch can be used to send me messages," she explained. "It will only open for you. I have another one that is identical to this one. Write your message on a bit of parchment, fold it up, and place it inside your watch. Then turn the dial until it clicks three times. It'll be transported to my watch. This way we can try and figure out how to move the Muggleborns into Hogwarts." Neville nodded. "Stay safe," he said, and Lucy gave him a brief hug. "See you at Hogwarts, Neville," Sally-Anne added with a smile, and Jeremy gave him a nod. Then, after the Disillusionment Charms had been cast, Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy Disapparated one last time, taking the last three Muggleborns with them. ~LJ:TW~ "This is the last of them, right?" Remus asked as Justin, Roger, and Colin entered the house. "Yes," Lucy replied, lifting Jeremy's and Sally-Anne's Disillusionment Charms. "Let's go inside; you can get us up to speed." The kitchen in the house was packed with the Muggleborn students. "Lucy!" Tonks exclaimed, pushing through the crowd. Lucy accepted Tonks's hug, feeling relieved that the older witch was safe. "We're so glad you're all right," Tonks added as she pulled away. "I'm glad you two are all right, too," Lucy said. "Let's get the Muggleborns situated, and then we can talk about what's been happening since the wedding." "Remus is working on adding the new addition to the house as we speak," Tonks said. "Have something to eat while you wait, okay?" Lucy complied, following Jeremy and Sally-Anne to the kitchen table. ~LJ:TW~ It was nearly half an hour before Remus came back to the kitchen to report that he'd finished adding the new wing of the house. "It's one large room separated into two sections by the bathrooms," Remus explained to Lucy. "The boys' side is a little bit larger, only because there are twice as many of them. We can show them to their beds now, if you want." "Sure," Lucy said. "Hey, everyone," she called over their heads. They all quieted, and Lucy went on, "We have your living arrangement set up now. Come on; we'll show you where you'll be." Remus led the way towards Lucy's, Jeremy's, and Sally-Anne's rooms. Instead of ending, the hallway continued into the big new room. In the first section were ten beds, each with curtains hanging around them for added privacy. Then there was a comfortable looking lounge with two bathrooms on either side: one for the boys and one for the girls. On the other side was a smaller section with five beds, also with curtains for privacy. "I know this isn't as nice as your own homes, but I hope it'll be all right for the time being," Lucy said as the Muggleborns looked around their new space. "You can pick which bed you want; all your trunks are in the middle of the room there. The boys will be in this first section, and the girls in the far section. The bathrooms are in the middle there; boys on the left, girls on the right." "So are we just going to hide out here until You-Know-Who is destroyed?" Colin Creevey asked. "We may have a plan to relocate in the future," Lucy replied. "It isn't fully set in stone yet, since it involves moving us all back into Hogwarts—" "Hogwarts?" Justin interrupted. "How are we going to get back to Hogwarts if the Ministry won't let us in the front doors?" "That's why the plan isn't fully formed yet," Lucy answered. "Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and Neville are going to try and work something out when they get back to school." She looked around at the students standing before her and asked, "Do any of you need anything else?" There were murmurs and head shaking. "Good," Lucy said in a low voice to Jeremy and Sally-Anne, who were standing next to her. "We have to talk to Remus and Tonks about what's been going on since the wedding. Come on." ~LJ:TW~ It took a little while longer before Lucy was sitting around the kitchen table with Jeremy, Sally-Anne, Tonks, and Remus. "It seems you've been… busy," Remus started the conversation. "You could say that," Lucy said. "After that article came out in the Daily Prophet about the Muggleborn Registration Committee, and then we received those letters from Hogwarts about getting our Blood Statuses, I knew that the Muggleborns would be in danger. I just felt like I had to do something. But never mind about that for now; what's been happening since the wedding?" Remus looked at Tonks, but she refused to look back at him. Instead, she rose from the table and said, "I'm going to bed." Then she stalked from the room. "Okay…" Sally-Anne said slowly, staring after the witch. "What the hell was that?" Lucy demanded. "Er—Dora is—we are having a baby," Remus announced quietly. "What?" Lucy gasped excitedly. "Remus—that's wonderful!" "Yes, well, I wasn't so sure at first," Remus said. "What do you mean?" Sally-Anne asked. "I could be passing my condition on to that poor, helpless child," Remus explained. "When I thought about that, I was terrified. I—I overreacted—that much is clear. It was a spiral of bad thoughts: how I should have never made a child, how I never should have even married Dora.… I ran. I fled to Grimmauld Place and sought out Harry—" "Harry's at Grimmauld Place?" Lucy interrupted. "He's alive? And Ron and Hermione?" "Yes, he's alive," Remus assured her. "Hermione and Ron are well and with him. But I had decided to ask them if they needed another person to come with them, and Harry thoroughly put me in my place—said the only fourth person they would accept was you, and that I was being a coward. I was angry at first, but then I realized that he only said the things he did to send me back to where I belonged. "I went back to Dora—who was with her parents—and begged her to give me another chance. She knew that I had been having doubts, and like the coward I am, I ran instead of talking to her. I thought she was going to tell me to leave and never come back, but she didn't. We're obviously still working things out, and I have a lot to make up for—but that's why it took us so long to get back to you." "I—wow," Lucy breathed. There was a beat of silence before Jeremy stepped in with, "How are the others? The Weasleys and the rest of the Order?" "Everyone is all right," Remus reported. "No deaths, but the new Ministry is definitely keeping an eye on all known Order members. Most of them are being followed. And the Ministry are starting to round up Muggleborns all over the country; they're being brought in for questioning before going to Azkaban." "It's disgusting," Sally-Anne commented, shaking her head. "What's the Order going to do now?" Lucy asked. Remus looked troubled for a moment. "I don't know," he said. "Mad-Eye really was our leader after Dumbledore died.… Without someone stepping up to fill the gap, I'm not sure if the Order is going to continue for much longer. And we're trying to fight a rebellion against a Ministry which has been quietly overthrown. As far as we can tell, while a majority of the Wizarding world is disturbed by the recent changes, most of them are too scared to do anything about it." Lucy started, "Isn't anyone asking why Vol—?" "Don't!" Remus exclaimed roughly. Lucy was taken aback; of all people, she was confused why Remus wasn't letting her say Voldemort's name out loud. "His name has been jinxed," Remus explained. "A Taboo Curse was placed on it. Whenever his name is uttered, the Death Eaters are alerted and will come calling. They won't be able to get in here, because of the Fidelius Charm, of course, but they'll have a general idea of where our cabin is." "How do you know?" Sally-Anne asked. "We found out the hard way," Remus answered. "Kingsley used the name and was cornered by a bunch of Death Eaters. He was able to fight his way out of it, but now he's out of a job and on the run." Lucy was stunned for a moment by this information. "Well, shit," she muttered. "I wonder if Harry knows. Can we warn him?" Remus shook his head, saying, "It wouldn't be safe to go to Grimmauld Place now. There are Death Eaters on guard in the area, so you'd have to Apparate directly on the front step. It's not worth the risk. At least the Death Eaters can't get in because of the Fidelius Charm." "Why wouldn't Snape have told them the address, so they can go in and get him?" Lucy questioned. "I don't know," Remus admitted, "but I'm not going to complain. The three of them are safe for now, and that's what's important." "That's true," Lucy said. She sighed and added, "I'm tired. It's been a long couple of weeks." "We should all get some rest," Remus agreed. "We have a lot of work to do in the coming months." ~LJ:TW~ Before Lucy went to bed, however, she decided to check on the Muggleborns. She found them all sitting around in their giant room, either talking or playing games. They all looked up as she entered. "I just want to make sure that you all know not to say You-Know-Who's real name," Lucy told them. "Apparently it's now Taboo—meaning it's been jinxed to alert the Death Eaters if someone says it aloud. They wouldn't be able to get into the house, but they'd have a good idea of where we are. "Also, Harry is still alive and in hiding. He, Ron, and Hermione are on a secret mission from Dumbledore, and hopefully—if they're successful—it will be helpful in ending this war," she informed them. "Anyway, I'm heading to bed. Feel free to do the same, but please do not leave the house, okay?" "Good night, Lucy," Colin spoke up from the middle of the group. Lucy smiled at him and returned, "Good night." Then Lucy joined Jeremy in their bedroom. He was already settling into bed, and he patted the covers on her side, gesturing at her to come join him. She stripped down to her underwear and gladly dove under the blankets. "I feel like I could sleep for a week," she said, curling up into Jeremy's side. He pulled her in close. "You've been through a lot since the wedding. You deserve to get some good rest." "Don't get me wrong—I'm very grateful to Neville and his grandmother for letting us stay at their house," Lucy said, "but I did not get good enough sleep there. I think it was because you weren't in the bed beside me." Jeremy pressed his lips against Lucy's forehead. "Don't worry, darling. I'm here now." "Hmm," Lucy hummed contentedly. "Good night. I love you." "I love you, too," Jeremy replied. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: They're back at the cabin in the woods! And Tonks is pregnant! I think in the book that Tonks stayed with her parents for a lot longer than I had her stay with them. I think it's when Ron rejoins Harry and Hermione that he tells them that Remus and Tonks are living together again, but I needed them both in the cabin. I would imagine that Remus is sleeping in the guest bedroom for the time being.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 10 – Left Behind The rest of August slowly passed. It was a very uneventful and restless few weeks for Lucy, Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and the Muggleborns. None of them were allowed out of the house, with the exception of Jeremy and Sally-Anne when they had to go to the Ministry to get their Blood Statuses. Tonks accompanied both of them, since she still had her job at the Ministry, at least until her pregnancy started showing. There was a lot of tension in the house whenever Tonks and Remus were home together. Remus was still attempting to make up for almost abandoning her when he'd found out she was pregnant. However, he was still concerned that he had passed along his lycanthropy to his unborn child. About a week after they'd returned to the cabin, an article was written in The Daily Prophet with a list of all the students who hadn't gone to get their Blood Statuses from the Ministry. It had greatly disturbed many of the Muggleborns who were there in hiding, since all their names had been on the list. Lucy and the others spent the few days after the article was published reassuring them that they wouldn't be found. There was still no news on Harry, Ron, and Hermione, neither from the Order nor from the Ministry. Lucy chose to assume that no news was good news, and that her friends were still very much alive and hiding at Grimmauld Place. She was very tempted to go and see them, but both Remus and Tonks put their foot down. "You don't understand what it's like out there," Tonks explained to her one day. "They're still trying to round up all the Muggleborns, and there are groups of people who have taken it upon themselves to hunt them down. They're calling themselves Snatchers, and we—the Auror office—are supposed to be working with them." There was a sour look on her face as she told Lucy all of this. "Snatchers?" Lucy repeated. "Are they getting paid or something?" "Probably," Tonks said, and then she scoffed. "Evil, rotten cowards. They're allowed to use any means necessary to bring people in for questioning." "Any means necessary?" Lucy yelped. "You mean—you mean they can be using illegal curses and stuff like that?" Tonks nodded, sighing heavily. "I haven't told anyone here yet," she said in a quiet voice, "but my father refused to register with the Muggleborn Registration Committee. He went on the run a few days ago to keep my mother safe—or so she says." "Tonks," Lucy said softly, horrified. "I'm so sorry." "I tried to convince him to come and hide here," Tonks went on, "but he wouldn't, obviously. Said he didn't want to put any of us in danger." "What about your mother?" Lucy asked. "Well, she's a pureblood, so she's okay," Tonks answered. "She's asked if I want her to come stay with us closer to when the baby's due." "Are you going to take her up on that?" Lucy questioned. "We might be out of your hair by then." "I might," Tonks answered. "It's going to depend on how things are with Remus at that point.…" She grimaced. "Do you need me to kick his ass?" Lucy offered, chuckling. She knew that Tonks would never need her help to set her husband straight, but she thought it would be nice to offer anyway. "I just—I don't know what he's so worried about," Tonks said. "As far as anyone is aware, werewolves are only created by receiving a bite from another werewolf. It's not something that gets passed from parent to child. It's passed by a werewolf's saliva—while they're in their wolf form—into the bloodstream. But no matter how many times I try to explain this to Remus, he just shakes his head at me like I'm a child." She stopped her rant, breathing a little heavier than normal. "In his defense, there isn't any documented proof that lycanthropy doesn't pass from parent to child, is there?" Lucy pointed out. "Well, no," Tonks agreed grudgingly, "but this is still our child we're talking about. Instead of bemoaning something that may or may not happen, why can't he just be happy?" Lucy took Tonks's hand and squeezed it. "He's scared," she said simply. "He's scared that his kid will have to grow up like he did—in hiding and unable to interact with other people. And he's terrified that he'll lose the two best things in his life—you and your child." Tonks flushed slightly at that statement. "I—I guess I never really thought of it that way before," she admitted. She gave Lucy a small smile and added, "You're pretty wise for your years, you know." "It's been known to happen," Lucy said with a sly grin and a shrug. ~LJ:TW~ "Holy shit." Lucy looked up, startled. She never heard such words come out of Remus's mouth. He was staring at the morning copy of the Daily Prophet. "What's up?" Jeremy prompted for them. "It's—well…" Remus trailed off, looking unsure of how to explain what he'd just read. "Don't make me rip that paper out of your hands," Lucy threatened. She, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne were sitting around the kitchen table with Remus. Tonks had gone out to run an errand, still in the process of forgiving Remus and therefore not spending a lot of time around him. The Muggleborns were all in their space; most of them were probably still asleep. Instead of explaining what was in the paper, Remus simply laid it out on the table so that the other three could read the headline. Severus Snape Confirmed as Hogwarts Headmaster "WHAT?" Sally-Anne shrieked. Lucy shushed her. She didn't want to explain to the Muggleborns what had happened until she had all the details. Lucy scanned the article to see what else the paper had to say. Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several staffing changes at the ancient school. Following the resignation of the previous Muggle Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post, while her brother, Amycus, fills the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts. "Who are these Carrows?" Lucy asked. "Death Eaters," Jeremy answered before Remus could. "Friends of my dad's, too. Brother and sister who have a particularly nasty thirst for blood." "They were there the night Dumbledore was killed," Remus added quietly. "That's another thing!" Lucy gasped. "This very paper was publishing articles about how the Ministry were looking for Snape in connection to Dumbledore's death just a couple months ago!" "Yes, well, now they're looking for Harry to question about Dumbledore's death," Remus pointed out. He looked at his watch and sighed. "Dora should be back any minute. Are you two packed?" It was September first, which meant that Jeremy and Sally-Anne were going to be getting on the Hogwarts Express to go back to school. Lucy had been dreading this day for the last few weeks, because she wasn't ready to say good-bye to them; she wanted nothing more than to go back to school, too. "I am," Sally-Anne confirmed. "Me, too," Jeremy said. The front door opened, and Tonks appeared, looking disheveled. "Everything all right?" Remus asked, immediately standing and moving towards her. Tonks easily slipped around him, but she said, "There are quite a few Death Eaters lurking around King's Cross. I'm sure they're looking for people without Blood Statuses to bring into the Ministry." Lucy took it as a good sign that Tonks was answering Remus. Only just in the past week had she started replying to him with full sentences. Lucy was glad that Tonks seemed to be thawing, but she couldn't imagine the hurt the woman felt when her husband had tried to deny both her and their child. "Will you be all right to take them to the train?" Remus questioned, sounding anxious. "I could do it if you need me to—" "Don't be ridiculous," Tonks replied with a shake of her head. "Of course I can take them to the train. They have their Blood Statuses, and I'm still part of the Auror Office for the time being." Then she marched across the house and went into her bedroom, shutting the door behind her with a snap. Remus sighed, running a hand through his graying hair. "She's warming up," Lucy encouraged. "Don't lose hope yet." "I know," Remus murmured. Jeremy stood up and held out his hand to Lucy. He tugged her out of her seat, and they left Remus to wallow by himself. In their bedroom, Lucy sat on the bed as Jeremy finished checking over his trunk. Lucy wilted as she thought about him leaving. Jeremy turned to her and saw the look on her face. He sat down on the bed next to her and put his arm around her shoulders. "Everything's going to be all right," he said quietly before pressing a kiss to the side of her head. Lucy heaved a sigh and whispered, "You don't know that. I know you have to leave—I know that, but it's not going to stop me from wishing that you could stay here with me—or that I could go with you." Jeremy took her chin and gently turned her head toward him. "You'll see us sooner than you think," he assured her. "When we get back to Hogwarts, Sally-Anne and I will work with Neville to see if we can get the Muggleborns into the Room of Requirement." "Have Ginny and Luna help you," Lucy suggested resignedly. "Actually, I have something for you before you leave." She went to her trunk and started to rummage around in it. She hadn't bothered keeping it tidy, since she didn't know how long she'd be stuck in the house. After a moment, she finally pulled out a thin case that was given to her by Dumbledore much earlier in the year. She opened it up and took out one of the two-way mirrors. "Here," she said, depositing it into Jeremy's lap. "This is—" "A two-way mirror?" Jeremy guessed, picking up the mirror and looking at it closely. "You mentioned before that Dumbledore had given you a pair. How do they work?" "Say my name at the mirror," Lucy instructed. "Lucy," Jeremy stated, looking down at the mirror. Lucy looked down at the mirror still in the case, which was shimmering. Then, a moment later, Jeremy's face appeared in it. "Hi, Lucy," Jeremy said with a cheeky grin. Lucy giggled. "Hi, Jeremy." She took her wand out and added, "When you're finished, you just tap the glass and say—" She touched the glass with the tip of her wand. "—Finite!" "That's pretty cool," Jeremy said. "And you're sure you want me to have this one?" "Of course I'm sure," Lucy said. "You'll just have to be extremely careful when and where you use it.… And I suppose, to be on the extra cautious side, you should be the one who calls me." "I guess that's a good plan," Jeremy said. He stood up and went over to his trunk. He pulled out a spare shirt and wrapped it around the mirror before gently tucking it inside his luggage. "I'm going to miss you," Lucy said. "I'll miss you, too, sweetheart," Jeremy crooned, walking over to her and taking her face in his hands again. "I love you." Lucy couldn't help the small smile that formed on her lips. "I love you, too." She stood up on her tiptoes and kissed him softly. As she started to pull away, Jeremy tugged her face back to his to continue their kiss. Their mouths moved together for a few moments until Lucy was quietly gasping for breath. There was a knock on the bedroom door that startled them a few inches apart. "Come on, Jeremy," Tonks called through the door. "We have to get going, so that you and Sally-Anne will make it to the train on time." Jeremy untangled himself from Lucy's arms and picked up his wand. He levitated his trunk ahead of him, and Lucy opened the door so that he could leave the room. She followed him to the front door, where Sally-Anne and Remus were waiting. A few of the Muggleborns had trickled out into the sitting room, as well. Sally-Anne bounded forward and threw her arms around Lucy. "Thank you for everything," she breathed. "I can't even begin to express how grateful I am." Lucy squeezed her friend back before pulling away. "Look after each other and the other students this year," she said. "Especially the younger ones. I have a bad feeling about the fact that there are actual Death Eaters teaching classes." "We will," Sally-Anne promised. "And we'll start making a plan with Neville to get you there." "Like I told Jeremy, have Ginny and Luna help you, too," Lucy said. "Anyone from the D.A. could help you, really. Well, except maybe Zacharias Smith." Lucy, Sally-Anne, and Jeremy chuckled at that. "We really should go," Tonks said, checking her watch. "I should be back soon." Then, surprising them all, she leaned over and pecked a kiss on Remus's cheek. However, she didn't say anything to him; she simply turned to the front door and opened it. "Good-bye, Lucy!" Sally-Anne said. "We'll be in contact." "'Bye, Sally-Anne," Lucy replied sadly. Then she turned to Jeremy and hugged him tightly. "Please be safe," she murmured. "Be very careful around those Death Eaters." "I will," Jeremy said. He pulled away from her, kissed her hard on the forehead, and then gave her a cheeky half-grin. Then they were out the door. Lucy felt tears pricking in the corners of her eyes. She wiped them away impatiently. She didn't have time to be crying; she had to be strong to take care of the Muggleborns currently in her house. "Are you all right, Lucy?" Remus asked. "I will be," Lucy replied. "I've just been with them all summer, and now they're on their way back to Hogwarts—without me." She chuckled and added, "I never thought I'd see the day when I wanted so desperately to go to school." Remus cracked a smile at that, as well, and Lucy decided, "I think I'm just going to lay down for a little while. I haven't been sleeping well all summer—nightmares, you know." "Nightmares?" Remus repeated. "What about?" "Oh, just Vol—I mean, You-Know-Who catching and killing Harry," Lucy said. "Or any of us. Either way, I'm just going to take a rest." Remus nodded, and Lucy retreated to her bedroom. She sunk down onto her bed, curling up onto one side, and she decided to let herself cry for just a few minutes. After she shed some tears, she closed her eyes and fell asleep. ~LJ:TW~ That evening was very subdued. The Muggleborns were eating in their own area, as usual, leaving Lucy alone with Tonks and Remus. The two adults could tell how distraught Lucy was feeling, so they ate their dinner in silence. It was the first time that summer at her own house that Lucy had to go to bed alone. Before she changed into her pajamas, she pulled out the two-way mirror and her pocket watch and set them on her bedside table. Then, for good measure, she pulled out her old D.A. coin and placed it next to them. She was about to take her shirt off when she heard her name being called. She whipped around to see Jeremy's face smiling at her through the two-way mirror. "Jeremy!" she gasped. "You're safe, thank Merlin—where are you?" "It's not just me," he said. He lifted the mirror and panned around him. Lucy's jaw dropped as she took in the faces of those standing around him. Sally-Anne, Neville, Ginny, and Luna were waving at her, but they weren't the only ones. Jeremy's friends Daphne Greengrass—a seventh-year Slytherin—Jake Fletcher—a seventh-year Ravenclaw—and Mary Poole—a sixth-year Slytherin—were there, as well. Then Lucy saw a group of Hufflepuff seventh-years: Hannah Abbot, Susan Bones, Alfie Doyle, Ernie Macmillan, and Oliver Rivers. Beyond them were a few more seventh-year Ravenclaws—Terry Boot, Anthony Goldstein, and Padma Patil—and nearly all the remaining seventh-year Gryffindors—Lavender Brown, Parvati Patil, and Seamus Finnigan. "What are you all doing—and where are you?" Lucy demanded. "We've called an emergency D.A. meeting," Sally-Anne explained. "And we're in the Room of Requirement, of course. We need to start testing it right away, to see if we can get all of you back here." "Lucy!" Susan Bones called. Jeremy shifted the mirror so that Susan was centered in the picture, and she asked, "Is Justin with you? Can we see him?" "Oh—of course!" Lucy said. "Let me go see if he's awake." Taking the mirror with her, she left her bedroom and entered the Muggleborns' area. "Justin?" she called. "Hi, Lucy," Justin said, standing up and walking over to her. "What's up?" "Someone wants to say hi to you," Lucy said, holding the mirror out in front of him. Justin's jaw dropped open as a chorus of greetings came through the mirror. "That's—that's—Susan! Hannah! Ernie! How—? What—?" The rest of the Muggleborns were crowding around eagerly, interested to see what was happening. "This is called a two-way mirror," Lucy explained to them. "Dumbledore gave me a pair of them last year, and I gave Jeremy one to take to Hogwarts with him. They're having an emergency D.A. meeting in the Room of Requirement." "What's a D.A. meeting?" Emmett Phelps, one of the Muggleborn fourth-years, asked. "I'll explain it to you later," Lucy said. "Right now, they're trying to work on a strategy to get us back safely to Hogwarts. The room that they're in—the Room of Requirement—might make that possible." Her eyes swept over the people in the two-way mirror before frowning and asking, "Where's Dean?" Dean Thomas was her fellow seventh-year Gryffindor, and she found it hard to believe that he wouldn't have been at the meeting when Seamus, Lavender, and Parvati were all there. "He didn't show up," Seamus spoke up, sounding upset. "He's always said that he doesn't know whether he's a Muggleborn or not, because his dad left before he was born. He nor his mum know if his dad was a wizard." Lucy gazed at him sympathetically for a moment before asking, "So, what were the train ride and the feast like?" "The train was actually stopped by Death Eaters," Parvati reported. "Apparently, it wasn't good enough that there were Death Eaters stationed at King's Cross. We were about halfway there when the train was stopped and searched. They were mainly looking for Harry." "The feast was pretty much business as usual," Daphne continued. "The only thing different was that they had to sort not only the first-years, but all the students who had been home-schooled up to that point. It was odd; there was a whole group of students of various ages who had to get sorted." "Snape didn't say much of anything," Jeremy went on. "He just mentioned that Defense Against the Dark Arts is being shortened into just Dark Arts, and Muggle Studies is now mandatory for everyone—even the N.E.W.T. students. He introduced the Carrows, who have also been put in charge of punishment on top of their teaching duties. I think even Filch was a bit scared of them." "And the rest of the teachers?" Lucy prompted. "They're all there?" "Yes," Neville confirmed. "I think the only reason they're staying is to protect the students from Snape and the Carrows. It's what Dumbledore would have wanted." "Curfew has been changed to nine o'clock for everyone now, too," Ginny spoke up. "And they've cancelled the Inter-House Quidditch matches and Hogsmeade visits this year." "Wow," Lucy breathed. "They're really keeping you on lock-down this year, huh?" She shook her head. "The sooner we can take down this new government, the better." Then she glanced at her watch and said, "If curfew is at nine, you all better get out of there soon. You should keep out of trouble as much as possible." "Where's the fun in that?" Daphne joked, and some of the others around her chuckled. "Normally, I would agree with you," Lucy said, "but from what Jeremy has said about these Carrows, if they've been given free reign over the punishment, there's no telling what they'll do to you if you get in trouble." "That's a good point," Jeremy conceded. "We'll definitely be testing our boundaries, but we should be extra cautious about it." "Wait!" Lavender said. "Before you go—Lucy, have you heard anything about Harry, Ron, and Hermione?" "Yes," Lucy said with a nod. "They're on a secret mission from Dumbledore that could help end this war. I can't tell you anything more about it, except that I'm sure that they're together and still alive." "We'd better be going," Jeremy said. "Say goodnight, everyone." Everyone in the Room of Requirement hollered their farewells, and the Muggleborns responded in kind. Lucy, giggling, carried the mirror back to her room. Jeremy's face remained on the screen until she was alone. "I love you," he said softly. "I love you, too," she answered. "Please, stay safe." "Always," Jeremy said. Then, with a cheeky wink, his face vanished from the mirror. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: I love the conversation Lucy has with Tonks at the beginning of this chapter. The two-way mirrors are like Wizarding FaceTime haha.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 11 – Potterwatch "Lucy!" a voice yelled through Lucy's bedroom door, hammering on the wood. Lucy sat up quickly, startled both at the urgent knocking and the fact that she was alone in her bed. A second later, she remembered that Jeremy had left for Hogwarts two days before. After another moment, she got up and answered her door. Tonks was standing in the hallway, looking frazzled. She was holding the morning copy of the Daily Prophet. "You need to see this," she insisted, pushing the paper into Lucy's hands. Lucy took it from her and shook it out. Right on the front page was the same picture of Harry from the month prior. She quickly scanned the accompanying article, breathing a sigh of relief when she was sure that they hadn't caught him. Instead, the article described the disturbance that had happened at the Ministry the day before, and there was strong speculation that Harry had been behind it. "A whole group of Muggleborns, who were supposed to be questioned yesterday, managed to escape," Tonks explained when Lucy had finished reading. "It had appeared that a few Ministry workers helped them, but after questioning, they believe that Harry and some accomplices—using Polyjuice Potion—broke in to release them." Lucy began, "How many—?" "Three," Tonks answered before the girl could finish. "Harry, Ron, and Hermione, if I was a betting woman. Why do you think they broke into the Ministry? Surely not to rescue a batch of Muggleborns; I hate to say it, but it wouldn't be worth the risk for Harry.…" "I have a hunch, but I've sworn not to tell anyone what they're up to," Lucy replied with a shrug. "The important thing is that, if this was them, they got away." There was a moment of silence while Lucy quickly looked through the rest of the paper. There was nothing else jumping out at her, and soon she was folding it up and handing it back to Tonks. "There's some breakfast if you want any," Tonks added. "I'll be right there," Lucy said. "I'm just going to change out of my pajamas first." ~LJ:TW~ September continued slowly for Lucy. Jeremy and the others at Hogwarts were still testing out their theories on the Room of Requirement, but it was proving hard to sneak around. There were more Death Eaters at Hogwarts than just the Carrows; they monitored the corridors, especially after curfew. Both Jeremy and Neville were keeping Lucy up to date on what was happening at the school via the two-way mirrors and Dumbledore's pocket watches. Lucy was getting restless being stuck in the cabin. She wanted to get out; just a quick walk outside would be helpful. However, she didn't feel right leaving the cabin when none of the Muggleborns could leave—plus, Remus and Tonks both continued to tell her how unsafe it would be for her. But two weeks after Jeremy and Sally-Anne had left, Lucy couldn't stand it anymore. Remus and Tonks were both out of the house, and Lucy took her opportunity. She put a Disillusionment Charm on herself before sneaking out of the house. She got passed the protective enchantments and then turned on her heel and Disapparated. She reappeared in the middle of an empty sitting room. Lifting the Disillusionment Charm, she looked around in interest. She'd never been inside Fred's and George's loft above their joke shop. "Hey!" Lucy whirled around and found a wand pointed directly in her face. She raised her hands up, palms out in surrender, and said, "It's just me. It's Lucy." George surveyed her over the top of his wand before asking, "What did my Great Auntie Muriel call me when I was little?" Lucy smirked and replied, "Georgie." After another moment, George lowered his wand. Lucy launched herself into his arms, hugging him tightly. "What are you doing here, Lu?" he asked after he'd finished embracing her. "We haven't seen you since the wedding.… We figured you were with Harry." "Nope," Lucy replied. "I'm still with Remus and Tonks. Jeremy and Sally-Anne went back to Hogwarts, of course, and I was getting a bit of cabin fever being stuck in the house these past couple weeks." "Well, you're just in time," George said. "Lee is on his way over, and we're going to be launching our new radio show tonight." "Radio show?" Lucy repeated, intrigued. "What about?" "Oh, you just wait," George said, rubbing his hands together. "Can you stay for a while, or do you need to get back?" "Well, I didn't really tell anyone that I was going," Lucy admitted, biting her lip anxiously. "I suppose I better let them know if I'm going to stay for a while." They were interrupted by Fred and Lee Jordan entering the loft. They both froze when they realized that George was not alone in the apartment. "Lu!" Fred exclaimed. Lucy hurried over to him and squeezed him tightly. Then she hugged Lee, as well. "It's so good to see you all," Lucy said. "I'm glad you're all safe still. How's the shop downstairs going?" "Pretty well," Fred replied, "which is surprising, considering all that's going on. But we have to keep moving forward, if for no other reason than to not raise suspicion that we might be part of the Order." "Now that you two slowpokes have arrived," George cut in, "who wants some tea?" "I'll take some," Lucy accepted immediately. "But I need to let Remus or Tonks know that I'm here.… No idea how I'm gonna do it, though." "Patronus?" Lee suggested, following George into the kitchen. He opened one of their cabinet doors and pulled out a bottle of Firewhiskey. "Yeah, I suppose," Lucy said. "If I go back home, they might try to barricade me in the house. But I've never sent a message with my Patronus before.… Any of you know how that works?" Just then, they were interrupted by urgent knocking on the front door. All four occupants had their wands out in an instant. George hurried over and placed himself between the door and Lucy, while Fred went to see who was pounding on their door. "Who's there?" Fred asked. "Declare yourself!" "Remus Lupin," the person on the other side of the door answered. "I'm looking for Lucy Jones. And if she's in there, tell her she's in huge trouble!" Fred looked over his shoulder at Lucy and George. Both of them nodded, and Fred opened the front door. "Lucy!" Remus exclaimed, spotting her immediately. "I've been looking everywhere for you. You have no idea how panicked Dora and I were when we got home and you weren't there." "Not so fast," Fred interrupted, keeping his wand pointed at Remus. "What's my middle name?" Remus frowned. "Gideon," he answered. "Named for?" Fred demanded. "Your uncle Gideon Prewett," Remus said, a small smile gracing his face. "I knew him and Fabian from school.…" He trailed off, a look of nostalgia and sadness in his eyes. Fred glanced over at George again, and both boys nodded before lowering their wands. Fred gestured for Remus to enter the apartment, and the wizard complied. The door was shut immediately after. "I'm sorry," Lucy said, stepping out from behind George. "I told you, I needed to get out. If I had to be stuck in that house for much longer, I might have done something even more dangerous and stupid." "Don't try to make me feel guilty," Remus said severely. "Look, you're a grown ass woman—I get that—and I'm obviously not your father, but Dora and I just want to protect you. It's dangerous out here." "I know," Lucy said, "and again, I'm sorry. But I can take care of myself, and Fred and George can protect me, too—" "They're being watched," Remus reminded her. "We're all being watched. If the Death Eaters even get an idea that you're here, they might come barging right in—and trust me, they won't care who else is here." "Now who's trying to guilt whom?" Lucy accused, frowning. She was starting to feel guilty, however; she hadn't even thought of the fact that Fred and George were being watched by Death Eaters. "We would have protected her," George insisted. "I don't doubt your abilities," Remus said impatiently, "but if the Death Eaters didn't kill you trying to get to her, they would capture you and torture her location out of you." "They'd have to kill us first," Fred stated boldly. Lucy's heart sunk. She didn't want anyone dying for her. "I would let the Death Eaters take me before I would let them kill you," she said softly. "Gryffindors," Remus muttered. "Look, nobody's getting taken by the Death Eaters, because I'm taking Lucy home, and the three of you will go about your business like nothing happened." "Oh, Remus, please can we stay for a little while?" Lucy asked desperately. "The boys here mentioned something about a radio show—" "Radio show?" Remus repeated, his brow furrowing. "Yeah, you know, trying to keep the public up to date on what's actually happening," George explained. "Every radio show and the Daily Prophet are against Harry and filled with propaganda for You-Know-Who's agenda. The only outlet that's publishing anything worthwhile is The Quibbler, of all things, and we all know that most people don't take it seriously. We want to be able to tell everyone what's really going on." "Do you have a death wish?" Remus hissed, looking horrified. "If you start broadcasting things like that, you will be hunted down immediately." "We know," Lee finally spoke up. "We're going to broadcast from different locations every time to try and keep them off our trail." "Plus, we're going to have a password," George added, moving back to the kitchen to resume making tea. "Okay…" Remus said slowly. "And what are you going to call it?" "Potterwatch," Fred answered simply. "Want to be on the show? We have to think up our code names and what the password is going to be for this broadcast." "I call River," Lee said, sitting down at the table and pulling out his wand. He waved it, and a radio and a group of microphones appeared. "I—I don't know about this," Remus said. "It seems dangerous—" "Come on, Remus," Lucy begged. "I want to help do something. All this waiting around is starting to drive me crazy. Help me so that it feels like I'm doing something in this fight. Please." That seemed to have struck a chord in Remus, because a pained look flashed across his face. "All right," he sighed. "All right, but I need to send Dora a message to let her know I've found you, and that we'll be home later." Lucy threw her arms around him and squeezed tightly. "Thank you," she whispered. "You're welcome," Remus grudgingly replied, hugging her back. "But if there's any sign of Death Eaters coming here to stop us, I'm Apparating us out immediately. Agreed?" "Yes, Uncle Moony," Lucy said, stepping away from him. ~LJ:TW~ Within twenty minutes, a message had been sent to Tonks, and the five of them were sitting around Fred's and George's little table, with cups of tea in front of them. Lee was busy performing the magic that would allow them to broadcast over the radio and let listeners only tune in if they had the correct password. "So, code names," George said. "We need to come up with some, obviously, so we don't use our real names over the air. As previously stated, Lee is going with River. And we've already got one for you, Lu: Rain." "Reign as in to rule over something, or Rain as in water falling from the sky?" Lucy asked. "The second one," George said. "'Cause what goes with lightning?" "Thunder," Lucy deadpanned, and Fred howled in laughter. "No, smart ass," George scolded. "Rain goes with lightning. And if lightning is Harry, then you're rain!" "All right, all right," Lucy conceded. "That is fairly clever. What about the rest of you?" "Well, we had no idea that Remus would be joining us," Fred said. "Although you are welcome to be a regular correspondent, if you'd like, Remus." "Romulus," Remus suggested. "The other name from the tale that my name was taken from." "I want to go by Ringo," George put in. "So what name am I going to use?" Fred asked. "Rodent," Lee stated with a cackle. "No!" Fred insisted. "No way. I'll go with… Rapier!" "I like Rodent better," Lee said. "Me, too," George teased, a wicked grin on his face. "Oh, be nice," Lucy said. "If he wants to be Rapier, then let him be Rapier." She took a sip of her tea. "Yeah, yeah," George said, winking. Soon, Lee was finished fiddling with the radio, and then he asked, "Are we ready?" "Ready as we'll ever be, captain!" Fred announced, giving his friend an exaggerated salute. Lee rolled his eyes, cleared his throat, and began the show. "Hello listeners, and welcome to the very first broadcast of Potterwatch," he started. "I am your host River, and I'm joined today by four of our lovely correspondents: Romulus, Rain, Ringo, and Rodent." "Rapier!" Fred insisted loudly, and the others all snickered. "The purpose of this show is to provide the general public with the truth," Lee went on. "As we all know, there have been some alarming changes going on in the Ministry, and for those of you who don't know why, we're here to tell you all about it. You-Know-Who—or, as we like to call him, the Chief Death Eater—has taken over the Ministry." Lucy was impressed with Lee's broadcasting skills. She supposed she shouldn't actually be surprised; Lee had been the Quidditch commentator at Hogwarts through Lucy's first five years. "Now, part of the Death Eaters' strategy is to take the focus off them and You-Know-Who," Lee went on, "and they're doing that by trying to make the public believe that Harry Potter might have something to do with Dumbledore's death. For those of you who are unaware, Severus Snape is the man who killed Dumbledore. There is no question about it. Even the Daily Prophet was reporting that the Ministry was looking for Snape in connection to Dumbledore's death—they've changed their tune quite quickly, haven't they? "Speaking of Snape, we have an update for you about Hogwarts from our very own Rain," Lee introduced, turning to Lucy. Lucy nervously leaned towards her microphone. "Thanks, River," she said. "Well, in case any of our listeners have been living under a rock, you should be aware by now that Severus Snape was named Headmaster of Hogwarts a few weeks ago, right before term started. So far, my sources have reported that the Inter-House Quidditch matches and Hogsmeade visits have been cancelled, all in an effort to keep the students in line. Muggle Studies has become a mandatory class, and Defense Against the Dark Arts has been changed to simply Dark Arts. "But the most alarming change is the employment of Death Eaters. As it was reported in the Daily Prophet, Alecto Carrow is teaching Muggle Studies, and her brother Amycus is teaching Dark Arts. However, they're not the only Death Eaters at Hogwarts this year. A handful of them have been hired to help with security and—punishment." "Concerning information, indeed," Lee said solemnly. "We here at Potterwatch urge anyone at Hogwarts to keep their heads down and remain safe. Ringo, I've heard that there are Death Eaters stationed in Hogsmeade now, as well?" "Yes, that's right," George reported. "Death Eaters and dementors are patrolling the village of Hogsmeade, just in case Harry Potter decides to show up; which does support that Harry is indeed alive and well, for those of you who were concerned." "Which brings me to a segment I like to call Pals of Potter," Lee said. "Romulus, do you believe that Harry Potter is still alive?" "Yes, River, I firmly believe that Harry is still out there and fighting strong," Remus said. "As Ringo stated, the Death Eaters are actively looking out for him, but I know it in my heart that Harry is still alive. Hopefully, he is staying well away from the Death Eaters and Snatchers, who are surely hunting him down." "Ah, yes, Snatchers," Lee said. "Rodent, what do you have to tell us about them?" "Rapier!" Fred corrected. "Here is my number one tip for survival against the Snatchers: stay away from them. They've been given permission from the Ministry to use any means necessary to bring in certain people—mostly Muggleborns and anyone else on their wanted list—for questioning and/or sentencing. So, once again: stay away from the Snatchers. They're nearly as bad as the Death Eaters." "Well, we should probably wrap up this first broadcast," Lee said. "But before we do that, we want to have a moment of silence for all of the casualties that have happened thus far under You-Know-Who's regime." They all fell silent in respect for the deaths and disappearances that had happened in the last month. "Thank you for tuning in to our first show," Lee said once the moment of silence was finished. "While we kept this episode very brief, we will hopefully continue to bring you information so that you can learn the truth. The password for the next broadcast will be Wulfric. In the meantime, from all of us here at Potterwatch, keep the faith, and keep each other safe." "'Bye!" Lucy, Remus, George, and Fred chimed in. Lee waved his wand and then signaled to the others that it was safe to talk freely again. "Not too shabby for the first show," Fred commented. "A bit short, but I'm assuming that they'll improve as more things happen." "I mean… I think we'd all prefer if more things didn't happen," Lucy said. "Well, ideally, yes," Fred conceded with a shrug. There was a moment of silence while they all finished their tea. "Okay. C'mon, Lucy," Remus spoke up. "I need to get you home." "All right, all right," Lucy agreed, although she felt a flurry of nerves build up in her stomach. She was scared that when they got home, Remus might really let her have it for leaving. A few minutes later, after helping clean up their tea cups and after Lucy had gotten the list of the next few passwords for the show, Remus gripped Lucy's elbow, and they Apparated away. ~LJ:TW~ Remus didn't say one word as he and Lucy walked up to their house. He opened the door, and Lucy followed him tentatively into the front room. "Welcome home." Tonks was standing in the middle of the room, her arms crossed over her chest. She looked tiredly between Remus and Lucy. Lucy started, "Tonks—" "You don't have anything to apologize for," Tonks interrupted her. Lucy stared at the other witch, confused at her reaction, as she went on, "You're the type of person who can't be kept cooped up for this long. Look what happened to Sirius. It's not fair of us to ask you to stay in the house and never leave." "Dora," Remus said, sounding surprised, as well. "Just—next time, ask one of us to take you," Tonks requested, ignoring her husband. "That way we know where you are, and who you're with." "I will," Lucy agreed. "Promise." Tonks gave her a small smile before adding, "Could you give me a moment alone with Remus?" Lucy nodded, and then she retreated to her bedroom. She contemplated using an Extendable Ear to listen in to their conversation, but she decided it would be better to give them their privacy. She closed her door and turned to her empty bed. It had been two weeks since she'd seen Jeremy in person; every time she went to bed at night, she thought of him. She missed him so much, along with her other friends. Then she heard her name being called by none other than her boyfriend. "Lucy, are you there?" Lucy hurried across the room to her bedside table and picked up the two-way mirror. Jeremy was grinning at her through it. "Hi!" Lucy exclaimed, smiling back. "What are you up to? Where are you?" "The Room of Requirement, of course," Jeremy replied, "and we think we've found a way to get you all back here." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Remus mentioning Gideon and Fabian is a sneak peek at something that will come up later. Also him muttering "Gryffindors" makes me giggle. And obviously, he was also a Gryffindor, so he knows what he's talking about. I also like the exchange between Lucy and George about what her code name is going to be. "'Cause what goes with lightning?" "Thunder." Bit of a nod to the Pixar movie Cars there. Believe it or not, but we're about halfway through the story already! (Not including the Epilogue or the stuff I'm posting after it).
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 12 – Moving "Wha—I—shit, really?" Lucy stammered, hope rising in her chest. Her grin stretched so wide that it almost hurt, and she sunk down on the edge of the bed. "Really," Jeremy replied with a chuckle. "We think we've finally gotten the correct combination of directions for the Room of Requirement to keep anyone we want out. Neville's really the one who figured it all out—we just had to make sure all the loopholes we could think of were covered. Basically, as long as there's always someone in the room—which there will be, thanks to you lot—the door won't open for Snape or Carrow supporters." "That's awesome!" Lucy exclaimed. "And it has toilets and showers and beds and everything?" "Yeah, it looks amazing," Jeremy answered. "So, I guess the next hurdle is—how are we supposed to get in there?" Lucy prompted. "That one took some thinking from us, too," Jeremy said. "And the solution was all Sally-Anne. We were thinking about how to get you here, and then she mentioned that we also had to figure out how to keep you all fed—and all of a sudden, a passage opened up." He paused for dramatic effect, smirking at the impatient look on Lucy's face. "Where does the passage lead?" Lucy demanded. "The kitchens? Somewhere else?" "No," Jeremy said. "The Hog's Head." "The Hog's Head?" Lucy repeated, frowning. "Wait, what about the other passages out of the castle?" "They've all been sealed off," Jeremy reported. "Took them a while to find them all, but there's no getting in or out of the castle anymore, besides our path to the Hog's Head." "But—why the Hog's Head?" Lucy asked. "You'll see when you get here," Jeremy replied vaguely. Lucy narrowed her eyes at him. "Why won't you tell me now?" she demanded suspiciously. "Just—trust me," Jeremy insisted. "It's easier to explain when you've had the chance to see it. Anyway, you'll have to Apparate directly into the back room of the bar—don't worry, the barman knows all about the situation—and then you can get into Hogwarts through the passage." "So… when?" Lucy asked. "Whenever you want," Jeremy answered. "Maybe this weekend? Saturday? It'll have to be a time when some of us can disappear for a while to help all of you out." "Saturday should be fine for us," Lucy agreed. "It's not like we're doing very much these days." She and Jeremy shared a chuckle. "I'll just have to talk to Remus and Tonks about it," Lucy went on. "I'm sure Remus will have a thing or two to say, though." "What do you mean?" "I—I left the house today," Lucy confessed. Jeremy's eyebrows raised, and she hurried on, "I needed to get out. I had cabin fever so badly.… So, I went to the Weasley twins' apartment. Turns out, they're starting a radio show with Lee Jordan, to keep the public caught up on what's really going on." "And did Remus react badly or something?" Jeremy questioned. "Oh, yeah," Lucy said. "I didn't tell them I was leaving; I just went. They had both been out of the house, so I took the opportunity to not have to explain myself. Apparently, Remus went around to anywhere he thought I might have gone, and when he found me, he reminded me that most members of the Order are being tailed—including Fred and George." "Shit, Lucy," Jeremy breathed, looking alarmed. "The Death Eaters didn't see you, did they?" "Not that I know of," Lucy replied. "But after this, I'm sure that Remus will have a lot to say about me moving back to Hogwarts with a group of Muggleborns in tow." "Well, let's plan for Saturday anyway," Jeremy said. "The barman at the Hog's Head will help protect you all in case something happens." "If you're sure that we can trust him," Lucy said. "I'm sure," Jeremy replied firmly. "If something happens that you won't be able to come, send Neville a message to his watch—that'll be easier than you trying to call me on this thing." "Okay," Lucy agreed. "I love you," Jeremy said with a smile. "I can't wait to see you again." "I love you, too," Lucy answered. "See you on Saturday." ~LJ:TW~ Lucy was right; Remus did have something to say on the subject. "I'm sorry—I must have misheard you," Remus said. He was sitting beside his wife on the couch in their sitting room. "I could have sworn that you just said you were taking the Muggleborns back to Hogwarts with you." "No, that's what I said," Lucy stated, standing before them. "But they're safe here," Tonks pointed out doubtfully. "Hogwarts is under You-Know-Who's control. How in the world are you going to get them back into the school?" "Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and the others have been working on it for the past two weeks," Lucy answered. "We're going to use the Room of Requirement." "Anybody can get into that room!" Remus exclaimed. "Not the way Neville has it set up," Lucy replied. "He's closed up all the loopholes. As long as there's somebody in the room at all times, nobody but people we want can come in." "Well, what about food? What about toilets and running water and a place to sleep?" Tonks asked. "The room has taken care of it," Lucy told her. "As for food, the room has apparently provided a passage into Hogsmeade—" "You can't go into Hogsmeade!" Remus gasped. "There are Death Eaters patrolling it twenty-four seven, and they even have a curfew at night now!" "The passage connects to the Hog's Head," Lucy clarified. She didn't miss the glance that Remus shared with Tonks. "What?" "The Hog's Head?" Tonks repeated slowly. "Yes," Lucy confirmed, still confused. "Jeremy told me that we can Apparate directly into the back room of the bar, and the barman would be able to help us from there." Remus and Tonks looked at each other, this time for a few beats longer. Then Remus turned back to Lucy and asked, "And there's absolutely no way that we can change your mind about this?" Lucy shrugged. "Not really. We need a place where not only will we be safe, but where the Muggleborns can practice magic without being found by the Trace. Besides, if you need anything from me, you can just come to the Hog's Head yourselves, or send me a message there." Remus groaned, scrubbing his face with the heels of his hands. "You're too much like your parents," he muttered. "Always putting other people before your own safety." "Yes, well, if they hadn't been that way, I might not be here right now," Lucy pointed out bluntly. Remus's eyes softened at that statement. Lucy knew that she may have hit a sensitive topic, but she also knew that it would help her case in the long run. "So what do you need from us?" Tonks asked. "Oh," Lucy said. She hadn't expected them to offer her anything besides their blessing. "Well, I suppose it'd be nice to have help Apparating everyone to the Hog's Head." "I should be able to help you out on Saturday," Tonks said. "Remus will, too." "Are you sure?" Lucy asked, looking between the two of them. "Of course," Tonks replied firmly, her tone indicating that there was no room for arguments. "Okay." Lucy exhaled deeply, glad that Remus and Tonks were on board with her plan, even if they did think it was dangerous. "I guess I'll go and let the Muggleborns know what's going on." ~LJ:TW~ Five minutes later, Lucy had gathered all fifteen Muggleborns around her. They watched her anxiously, and Lucy hoped that they would be excited about this news. "We're going back to Hogwarts," she began simply. There was stunned silence, and Lucy went on, "My friends have been working on a way to get us back there without being found by Snape or the Carrows, and they think they've done it." "When are we going?" Colin Creevey asked eagerly. "Saturday," Lucy told them. "We'll be Apparating again—this time into the Hog's Head, which is the other pub in Hogsmeade." "I thought you said that Hogsmeade was being patrolled by Death Eaters," Kim Howell said, sounding uneasy. "It is," Lucy confirmed. "We'll have to Apparate directly into the bar. Supposedly, the barman knows what's going on, and is willing to help us out." "Okay, but what if you're wrong?" Kim challenged. "That's why I'll be going first," Lucy explained patiently. She knew that they had good reason to be nervous about leaving the house—they could end up in Azkaban if they were caught, after all. But she trusted Jeremy, and if he said that the barman would help him, she was willing to take that risk. "Just like when we moved here, I'll go ahead first to scout out the situation. I'll Apparate to the Hog's Head myself—" "You can't go by yourself!" Colin cut in. "It'd be worse if they caught you as opposed to any of us! Sure, we'd probably go to Azkaban, but you—they'd probably take you straight to You-Know-Who!" "Calm down, Colin," Lucy said soothingly. "Honestly, I'd prefer to not go alone, but I'd rather do that than have any of you exposed." "I'm coming with you," Colin said, crossing his arms over his chest. "You're not going into an unknown situation by yourself. What would Jeremy say?" Lucy chuckled. "All right, all right," she said. "But you're not coming with me. I'll take someone else—someone who can Apparate themselves out if they need to." She looked over at Roger and Justin. "I'll go," Justin volunteered immediately. "Thanks," Lucy said with a nod. "This might not even matter, though. Remus and Tonks are going to be helping us out, and knowing Tonks like I do, she might want to come with me, too. She is an Auror, after all." "So we're going to Apparate to the Hog's Head," Roger mused aloud, "and then what? How do we get to Hogwarts from there?" "Well, we're going to be staying in the Room of Requirement," Lucy explained. "You remember when I told you about that place, right?" There were murmurs of confirmation, and Lucy went on, "Well, the room can't provide food for us out of thin air, so the others there were trying to figure out how to get us food. Then a random passage showed up, apparently, that connected the Room of Requirement to the Hog's Head. It's the only passage in and out of the school now." There was silence for a moment, while the Muggleborns contemplated this plan. "Are you sure this is going to work?" Kim eventually spoke up. "Mostly sure," Lucy replied. "Jeremy, Sally-Anne, and the others have been working really hard on this for us, so I'm at least going to try it." Again, there was silence. "Is there anything else you need from me right now?" Lucy added. There were some shaking heads among the group, and Lucy said, "Okay, then. We're leaving on Saturday; please make sure you're packed and ready to go by then." After exchanging farewells, Lucy left the Muggleborns' area and nearly ran headfirst into Tonks. "Sorry, Tonks," Lucy said. "It's all right," Tonks replied. "I was listening to what you were telling them, and I think your friend Colin is right. You can't go by yourself to make sure that everything is going to work. I know that Justin said he'd go with you, but I really think it'd be better if I came instead. Like you said, I'm a trained Auror." "I figured you'd say something like that," Lucy said. She followed Tonks back out into the sitting room, and for the first time since she'd come up with her plan, she felt doubt fill her. She was just a seventeen-year-old kid, after all; who was she trying to fool? They were in a relatively safe place for now. Was she about to blow it by attempting to move them all again? "Do you think this is crazy?" Lucy asked in a whisper to Tonks. "Of course I do," Tonks replied with a chuckle. "But you're all grown up now; this is your mission, and you can make your own decisions on how you're going to handle it." Lucy sighed and sat down on the couch. "I just want to make sure that these kids are protected," she said in a low voice. "They don't deserve this; they should be at school with their friends and classmates, learning to control their magic—not sitting around, cooped up in this house." She paused, feeling her bottled-up emotions rising, before going on, "And it's not just about protecting the Muggleborns, either. Those poor, young kids that are going to Hogwarts right now, getting all that pureblood propaganda poured into their heads!" "It won't be forever," Tonks said, her tone certain. "How can you be sure?" Lucy asked, sounding a bit desperate as she finally voiced her concerns. "I know that I put up this tough front, this—this act about how I'm so grown up, but there are times where I'm just so scared about what might happen—to us, to Harry, to the Muggleborns—" "Lucy, shh," Tonks said, sitting on the couch next to the younger witch. She put her arm around Lucy's shoulders and pulled her in close. "You're a fighter—you're strong. But you're allowed to feel doubt and uncertainty. If you want to know the truth, I don't think any of us really know what we're doing." "I know," Lucy murmured. "But I can't help feeling like I'm not actually doing anything helpful, and if I take the Muggleborns to Hogwarts, there's a very real chance that we'll all get caught." "Maybe so," Tonks agreed with a nod. "Does second-guessing yourself make you want to change your mind?" Lucy thought about that for a moment. Why did she really want to get back to Hogwarts? It had originally seemed like such a simple answer: Hogwarts was the safest place in the world. That may have been true while Dumbledore was headmaster, but now that Voldemort was running the show, who knew if Hogwarts was really as safe as it used to be? But the Muggleborns deserved to learn how to use their magic, and they definitely couldn't do that in the cabin. Most of them still had the Trace on them, which would alert the Ministry—and therefore the Death Eaters—roughly where they were. But at Hogwarts—at Hogwarts, they wouldn't get caught. The place was full of other underage witches and wizards using magic. "No," Lucy finally answered Tonks. "No—we need to go back to Hogwarts. The Muggleborns can practice magic there, and I want to be able to support the other students, too. Besides, then it'll feel like I'm actually doing something." Tonks smiled. "Well said. We'll go to the Hog's Head on Saturday, then." Lucy let out a sigh. "Yeah, and then we'll see if this is going to work, or if everything's going to go to shit." ~LJ:TW~ Saturday came quite quickly, and Lucy felt like her insides were full of butterflies. But she was sticking to her guns; she and Tonks were going to Apparate into the pub first, just to scope out the situation, before bringing the Muggleborns through. Justin had been a bit disappointed when Lucy told him that Tonks would be going with her instead of him, but he said that he understood. After saying farewell to the Muggleborns and Remus, Lucy and Tonks left the house, stopping just outside the magical protections. Tonks took Lucy's hand and turned on the spot. They appeared inside a small, cramped-looking sitting room. There was a fireplace at one end of the room, with a portrait of a young girl hanging above it. Lucy looked around, still very nervous about what she was trying to attempt. "Hello, Ab," Tonks greeted. Lucy whirled around to see the barman enter from the stairs at the opposite end of the room. She vaguely recognized him from the one time she'd visited the Hog's Head two years ago, but she was more confused about how Tonks knew his name. "Tonks," the man replied gruffly. "They mentioned that you might be involved in this." Then he looked over at Lucy and pointed at her. "I'm warning you now, girl—I don't want you getting the idea that my sitting room is a railway for you to come and go as you please." Lucy was speechless for a moment, until the barman cracked a grin. "Lucy, this is Aberforth Dumbledore," Tonks introduced with a giggle. "Dumbledore?" Lucy repeated. "As in the younger brother of Albus," Aberforth explained. "I know," Lucy said with a nod. "Professor Dumbledore mentioned you once." "Did he, now?" Aberforth wondered, raising an eyebrow at her. "Yes," Lucy answered. "Although he did imply that he wasn't sure if you knew how to read or not." Aberforth snorted. "That sounds like my brother." He strode across the room and looked up at the painting of the girl above the fireplace. "Go ahead and get them," he instructed to her. The girl in the portrait smiled in response before turning around and walking further into her portrait. Eventually, she disappeared from view. "So, you're smuggling a bunch of Muggleborns into the school, are you?" Aberforth asked, turning back to Lucy. "That's the plan so far," Lucy replied. "Those boys of yours—Longbottom and Whitlock—do you trust them?" Aberforth questioned. Lucy frowned. "Of course I do. Why shouldn't I?" "I just want to be sure," Aberforth said with a shrug. "Ah, here, she's coming back." Sure enough, there was someone coming back into view in the painting above the fireplace. "Who is she?" Lucy asked curiously. Aberforth was quiet for a moment. "My little sister," he finally told her. "Ariana." Ariana was no longer alone. There were two people behind her, and a grin grew on Lucy's face when she recognized who they were. Then the portrait swung open to reveal a passage, and out clamored Jeremy and Neville. "Lucy!" Jeremy said, rushing forward to pull her into a crushing hug. "Well, you were definitely telling the truth," Lucy chuckled, hugging him back. "Well done; you've found a passage in and out of the castle, and a way for us to get food inside, too." She pulled away from her boyfriend to give Neville a hug, as well. "So you haven't brought any of the Muggleborns yet?" Neville asked after he was finished hugging Lucy back. "Nope," Lucy answered. "Tonks and I are going to go back and start moving them now that we've seen that everything is going to work out. If that's all right with you, of course, Aberforth," she added, turning to the barman. "Well, at least you have the decency to ask," Aberforth remarked with a smirk. "Get on with it, already. I've got customers in the bar downstairs, and I don't want any of them getting suspicious—there are plenty of Death Eaters down there, you know." Lucy felt alarmed, and she glanced towards the stairs. "Would they be able to hear us?" "No," Aberforth assured her. "I've got some protections around my living area. I might allow the Death Eaters into my pub, but there is no way they're getting into my home without a fight." "Come on, Lucy," Tonks said, touching Lucy's elbow. "Let's go get the Muggleborns." Lucy nodded her agreement. "We'll be right back," she told the others, and then she let Tonks Apparate them back to their cabin. ~LJ:TW~ "You're back," Remus said, the relief obvious in his voice. "How was Aberforth? Is this going to work?" "Yes, I think so," Tonks replied. She looked at Lucy and said, "I suppose I'd better warn you now, though; it had better work, because if the Death Eaters find out that Aberforth has been helping you, he's going to very upset with you." "I trust that Neville, Jeremy, and the others have figured it out so that Snape and the Carrows won't be able to find us," Lucy said firmly. A few minutes later, they had all the Muggleborns rounded up, and they sent all of their trunks ahead to the Hog's Head, with Tonks remarking that Aberforth may not be very appreciative of that, either. "He'll just have to get over it," Lucy said, waving a hand dismissively. "All right, you lot. We're going to be Apparating again. We'll have to go outside and past the protective enchantments on the house to do so, but we're fairly sure that there aren't any Death Eaters out there right now, so we should be okay. We'll go three at a time, like we did when we came here—one with Remus, Tonks, and myself." "Stay in the house," Remus added severely. "If for some reason we fail to return immediately, stay put." With that, the Muggleborns lined up to leave the house. They started with the youngest first, just like they had when they'd left the Longbottoms' place. After reiterating to the rest of the Muggleborns that they needed to stay in the house, Lucy, Remus, and Tonks Disapparated with Al, Danny, and Euan in tow. When they landed in Aberforth's sitting room, the young boys had to take some deep breaths to get the air back in their lungs. While they'd been away, Sally-Anne, Ginny, and Luna had come down the passage from Hogwarts and were waiting with Jeremy and Neville. Lucy was quick to hug all three girls. "You three can come with me," Ginny offered to Al, Danny, and Euan. "We'll help you get your trunks up into the passage.…" Ginny, Neville, and Jeremy hoisted the three boys' trunks up into the passage above the fireplace, and then Al, Danny, and Euan clambered up, as well. Ginny waved at the rest of them before disappearing down the tunnel with the Muggleborns in tow. "Well, that was easy enough," Lucy commented before Disapparating with Remus and Tonks. ~LJ:TW~ Four trips later, Lucy, Remus, and Tonks arrived with the last of the Muggleborns—Colin, Roger, and Justin. Jeremy was the one waiting to take them back to Hogwarts. "Stay safe," Tonks said, hugging Lucy tightly. "I'll try," Lucy answered. "I'm sorry to leave you while you're still pregnant." "Don't worry about it," Tonks replied. "My mum is going to move in with us soon, after I leave the Auror office. I'll keep you updated via Patronus, all right?" Lucy nodded, pulling away from the witch. Then she hugged Remus, squeezing him tightly and whispering to him, "Be kind to yourself." "I'll try," Remus echoed her. "You just keep yourself hidden, all right? Don't be afraid to send us a message, too, if you need to. I've talked to Bill and Fleur, as well, so they might be checking up on you every once in a while." Lucy giggled, stepping back from her uncle. "I'll see you soon. Both of you." Remus and Tonks waved one last time before Disapparating with a crack. Lucy turned to Aberforth next. "Are you sure it's all right if we get food from you?" she asked him. "Yes, yes," Aberforth said, waving his hand at her. "I'll get you what you need; no need for you to worry about it." "If you're sure," Lucy said. "Thank you, Aberforth." Then she turned to the fireplace, where Colin, Justin, and Roger had just gotten their trunks into the passageway. Jeremy was already in the tunnel, waiting for them. Lucy pulled out her wand and levitated her own trunk up into the tunnel, and then she climbed up onto the mantel. There she could see that the walls of the passage were lined with lanterns, and it twisted and turned out of sight. As they started down the path, Ariana's portrait closed behind them. "So, tell us about Hogwarts so far," Lucy suggested to Jeremy. Jeremy glanced over his shoulder at her and the other three boys. "Not much more to tell right now," he reported. "There's no Quidditch; no clubs of any kind are allowed to meet; curfew is nine o'clock for everyone; and there are no Hogsmeade visits scheduled this year. It's not nearly as bad as when the Chamber of Secrets was opened, and we had to be escorted everywhere, thankfully. And then the Carrows are in charge of punishments, and they're really enjoying giving those out." "What? Are they hurting kids?" Lucy yelped. "Yeah," Jeremy confirmed. "The other teachers are supposed to refer us to the Carrows if we've done anything wrong, but we can tell that they're trying very hard to not have to. Amycus is the one teaching Dark Arts, and he's been having classes practice the Cruciatus Curse on kids who've got detention. Alecto—she's teaching Muggle Studies—and it's just like you'd imagine: telling us all that Muggles are terrible, dirty, and primitive beings, and that the natural order is being restored." Jeremy rolled his eyes at that. They were quiet for a little longer, following the passage. Finally, they turned a corner and climbed a short flight of steps up to another portrait that was hanging open like a door. "There's a ladder to get down," Jeremy told Lucy, Colin, Justin, and Roger. "Neville's waiting to help with your trunks." One by one, they passed the trunks out to Neville and Seamus, who were standing just below the portrait hole. Then they all climbed down the ladder and entered the Room of Requirement. "Wow," Lucy breathed, looking around in awe. They were standing in what seemed to be a very large sitting room. There was a stone fireplace behind them, where the portrait to the passageway was hanging. There were a few different sitting areas, all with squishy-looking armchairs and couches. In one corner was a wide-open area covered in cushions. On one end of the room, there were two long dining tables. On the other side of the room was a corridor with doors off of it, and it turned a corner out of sight. Opposite of the fireplace was another corridor that also twisted out of view. And the best thing—for Lucy, anyway—was that it felt warm and like it had been lived in. It didn't have that sterile feeling that new places could sometimes have; it was as though this room had always existed there. "Would you like the tour?" Neville asked, sounding proud. "It's really outdone itself, hasn't it? Much bigger and more impressive than when it became our hideout for Dumbledore's Army practices." "Yes, I would definitely like a tour," Lucy said. "Follow me," Neville said. He gestured around the main area and started, "Obviously, this is the main sitting area. There's room for dining over there, couches and chairs, and the spot in the corner is for practicing—you know, like Dumbledore's Army." He pointed to the area with the cushions. "The bathrooms and bedrooms are this way." Lucy followed Neville to the corridor to the right of the fireplace. As they entered the corridor, there was a door on one side labeled as the girls' bathroom. Across from it was the boys' bathroom. "They're fully equipped," Neville explained. "Toilets, sinks, and showers in each." He led Lucy on, where she could see multiple doors, each of them with a blank plaque on them. The corridor turned to the right, where there were more doors. "There are sixteen bedrooms," Neville said, opening one of the doors and letting Lucy look inside. "They're really fairly small, but at least everyone will have a place to sleep and put their things. And you can put everyone's names on their doors, so they know which room is theirs." He hadn't exaggerated; the room was quite small. There was space for a single bed and a wardrobe, and there was an empty space in one corner big enough for storing a trunk. "That's brilliant, Neville," Lucy said with a grin, shutting the bedroom door again. "So, where does that last corridor go?" "It leads out," Neville answered. "It always lets out somewhere different in the castle, so we're never quite sure where we're going to end up. Just an extra precaution so that Snape and the Carrows can't find you." "You really have thought of everything, haven't you?" Lucy commented as she and Neville rejoined the rest of the group, who were milling around the main sitting area. "So, how have things been outside of Hogwarts?" Ginny asked Lucy. She was standing with Jeremy, Sally-Anne, Luna, and Seamus. "I really don't know much," Lucy answered. "I've been cooped up in our cabin since you've been here. Although, I did go and visit Fred and George—they and Lee have started a radio show called Potterwatch, which is dedicated to broadcasting what's really going on in the war. I have a list of the passwords, so we can listen in." "Any news about Harry, Ron, and Hermione?" Neville asked. "Nothing concrete," Lucy replied with a shrug. "They're on a mission from Dumbledore—top secret. I don't know if you saw in the Daily Prophet a couple weeks ago, but they reported that Harry, with the help of a couple of accomplices, broke into the Ministry and escaped again, setting a bunch of Muggleborns free in the process." "So do you think that they're at least still alive?" Seamus questioned. "No doubt," Lucy answered immediately. "I think we definitely would have heard about it if they had captured or killed Harry. They would want to gloat about that." She glanced at her watch; it was nearly lunch time. "How long can you all be here with us?" "We're supposed to be in the Great Hall for lunch soon," Ginny replied, looking at her watch, as well. "It's part of them trying to keep tabs on all of us; we have to go to every meal now, so that the students are accounted for on a regular basis." "Accounted for, huh?" Lucy repeated with a frown. "Our Heads of House are expected to take roll at every meal and every night in the common room," Seamus explained. "It's definitely going to make it hard for us to continue Dumbledore's Army—" "What do you mean, continue?" Lucy cut in, looking around at the others suspiciously. "Do you expect us to just roll over and let the Carrows take Hogwarts?" Neville asked heatedly. "We're not going to let them win; we're going to show the rest of the students that we need to stand up for what's right—it's what Dumbledore would do—it's what Harry would do." "All right, all right," Lucy said, holding her hands up. "But just be careful. This isn't like it was with Umbridge, you know. These are Death Eaters, reporting straight to You-Know-Who. The Ministry may have been corrupted while Umbridge was here, but at least they probably wouldn't have killed you." "We really should go," Sally-Anne broke in. "Lunch starts in ten minutes, and we don't know where the room will let us out. We can't be staging a rebellion if we're in detention, after all." One-by-one, Lucy said her good-byes to her friends, leaving Jeremy for last. He swooped down on her, giving her a searing kiss. "Be careful," she repeated to him one more time; Neville, Sally-Anne, Ginny, Seamus, and Luna were waiting for him at the exit corridor. "I don't want to give the Carrows an excuse to hurt any of you." "I love you," Jeremy murmured in her ear before pulling away. "Love you, too," Lucy answered, smiling at him. As soon as they had left, Lucy turned back to the Muggleborns. "Let's get everyone set up in a bedroom, okay?" she suggested. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: I think it's nice that Lucy has a moment of uncertainty about what they're trying to do. Smuggling a bunch of kids into the Room of Requirement under the Death Eaters' noses is very risky. Obviously the Room of Requirement is going to look a little different in this story than it did in the book, since there's a group of people living in it now. Interlude number 2 is up next!
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Interlude 2 – Split "My parents are fucking dead!" Harry shouted, breathing hard. "And mine could be going the same fucking way!" Ron retorted hotly, his chest also rising and falling faster than usual. "Then GO!" Harry snapped. "Go back to them! Pretend you've got over your spattergroit, and Mummy'll be able to feed you up, and—!" Both boys went for their wands, but Hermione beat them to it. "Protego!" she cried, and the shield charm erupted from the end of her wand. She and Harry were on one side of it, and Ron was on the other. The boys glared at each other across the tent, and Hermione was terrified of what was going to happen next. "Leave the Horcrux," Harry stated, a mask of fury still on his face. Ron stayed silent as he tugged the chain over his head and threw the locket into the chair next to him. He stared angrily back at Harry for a moment longer before turning to Hermione. "What are you doing?" "What do you mean?" Hermione asked him, looking frightened. "Are you staying or what?" Ron demanded impatiently. "I…" Hermione swallowed nervously. "Yes—yes, I'm staying, Ron. We said we'd go with Harry—we said we'd help—" "I get it," Ron muttered. "You choose him." "Ron, no!" Hermione gasped, but Ron turned on his heel and went to the tent flap. "Please!" Hermione cried. "Come back! Come back!" She tried to hurry forward and bounced off her own shield charm. She waved her wand impatiently, and the charm was broken. Then she ran out of the tent and into the rainstorm that was steadily getting heavier. "Ron, please," Hermione begged, rushing toward his retreating form. "No!" Ron screamed, whirling around to face her. "No, you've chosen him—you'll always choose him—I can't believe I ever thought that there would be a time when you'd choose me! I'm leaving—so the two of you can finally be rid of me." "It's not like that!" Hermione said, begging for him to understand. "Look, I made Lucy a promise—she made me swear to her that I wouldn't leave Harry, no matter what happened—that he needed someone with him, even if he didn't believe it himself—" "Well, if you haven't noticed, she's not here, either!" Ron spat. "If she thought that Harry needed someone so badly, maybe she should have been the one to come and stay with him!" "Please, just come back inside," Hermione said desperately. "It's the Horcrux that made you say all those things, I know it!" "Good-bye, Hermione," Ron said, ignoring what she said about the Horcrux. "Have a good life with the perfect Chosen One." He had reached the edge of their protective enchantments, but the further away from Harry and their argument he got, the more guilty he felt. But those feelings of guilt were quickly washed away with his anger that Hermione didn't want to come with him—that she was going to stay here, with Harry, instead of going with him. And he knew that as soon as he left, he'd probably never find them again, because of the protective enchantments they used; not while they were still searching for Horcruxes, anyway. "Ron, please!" Hermione sobbed once more. Ron stepped out from the protective enchantments, then spun on his toes and Disapparated. Hermione stared at the spot where he'd vanished for a few seconds before dissolving into tears. She wept for a minute or two before turning and going back into the tent. "He's g-g-gone!" she wailed at Harry. "Disapparated!" With that, she dropped into a chair and buried her face in her hands. Harry stood in the middle of the tent, frozen at what had just happened. Then, without saying anything, he went to Ron's bunk and pulled the blankets off it. He tossed the blankets over Hermione, and then he picked up the Horcrux and strung it around his neck. He got into his own bunk. But he could not sleep. First his own sister, and now his best mate—abandoning him when he needed their help, even if he wouldn't admit it out loud. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: I like the little bit of insight into Ron's point of view in this.
A/N: Today is my birthday! Happy birthday to me. :) Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 13 – Ron at Shell Cottage Lucy and the Muggleborns used the first weekend to settle into their new living arrangement. Each of the Muggleborns got to pick out a room for themselves—which was definitely a step-up for them, seeing as they had been sharing one big room at Sirius's cabin. That evening, Dobby the house-elf showed up with their dinner. Lucy was very surprised but pleased to see him, and he was delighted to see her, as well. "Dobby is helping Aberforth!" Dobby explained after Lucy asked what he was doing there. "Since Dobby is a free elf, Dobby doesn't have to listen to Snape. Dobby wants to help Harry Potter, and Aberforth says that this is how Dobby can help for now!" "Well, thank you very much, Dobby," Lucy commented, beaming. "Just please stay safe. We don't want you to get in trouble on our account." Dobby bowed low to her, muttering excitedly about how Lucy was just like her brother by putting Dobby's well-being first. ~LJ:TW~ Monday evening brought some members of Dumbledore's Army—Neville, Seamus, and Sally-Anne, along with a few others—to the Room of Requirement. "We wanted you to meet some of our new recruits," Neville said, sounding proud. "New recruits?" Lucy repeated. She glanced at the two students they'd brought with them; she didn't recognize them. The new girl stepped forward, her hand outstretched. "Hi, my name is Gwen Sanders," she introduced herself, and Lucy shook her hand. "And this is my younger brother, Henry." Henry nodded at Lucy from behind his sister's back, who went on, "This is our first year at Hogwarts. Our parents had elected to teach us from home, but as that's not allowed anymore… "Anyway, I'm a sixth-year Hufflepuff, and my brother is a fifth-year Gryffindor," Gwen continued. "When we found out about this underground rebellion, we knew we had to join. Not that we dislike Hogwarts, but we—and our families—should be allowed to choose what sort of education we get." "I couldn't agree with you more," Lucy said. "I'm Lucy Jones, by the way." "Oh, we know," Gwen said. "Everyone knows who you are. I almost didn't believe Ginny when she said that you and her were practically sisters." Lucy couldn't help the uncomfortable feeling in her chest when Gwen said that everyone knew who she was. Squashing it down, she asked instead, "So, how are you liking Hogwarts? I'm sure it makes you want to go back to being home-schooled even more." "It's been difficult," Henry spoke up. "We're not used to this formalized schooling, and you can feel around the castle that something's not right." "We figured that if this was the group trying to take the current system down, we needed to join," Gwen finished. "Well said," Lucy complimented. "As long as you—and the rest of you—" She looked pointedly at Neville, Seamus, and Sally-Anne. "—know to be extremely careful. The Carrows mean business." "We know," Seamus said. "We're the ones who've been sitting in class with them for the past few weeks." "Now that you and the Muggleborns are established here, we can start having proper meetings again," Neville went on. "We can start planning our rebellion." "And what exactly have you thought about planning?" Lucy asked, narrowing her eyes at her friend. "Just generally making things difficult for Snape and the Carrows," Neville replied with a shrug. "Once we start standing up to them, the other students will see that they can do it, too." Lucy sighed, knowing that anything she said wouldn't change Neville's mind. She could see that he was committed to this cause. "I'll be here to help if you need anything," she offered eventually. "Obviously I can't leave this room, but anything else—just let me know." "We should get going," Sally-Anne said, looking at her watch. "It's getting close to nine o'clock—we don't want to get caught out after curfew." "Why?" Lucy questioned immediately. "What happens then?" "They conjure up crows and have them chase you down the corridor," Sally-Anne answered with a deep frown. "It sounds funny in theory, but it loses its humor when you're trying to outrun a pack of birds that are pecking and clawing at you." Lucy scowled. "Fucking bastards," she growled. "We'll be back soon," Seamus said as he and the others said their farewells to the Muggleborns. "And don't worry, Lucy—we'll be careful." Lucy watched as they disappeared down the exit corridor, and she whispered after them, "Yeah, you'd better be." ~LJ:TW~ After they had settled into the Room of Requirement, Lucy and the Muggleborns fell into an easy routine. Every morning, Dobby would bring them their breakfast and lunch. Breakfast was usually something warm and filling that they would have had if they'd been in the Great Hall with the rest of the school. Dobby would also bring them a copy of the Daily Prophet. Lucy would look through the paper, reading aloud anything she thought that the Muggleborns would want to hear. After they ate breakfast, they would start studying. They had a batch of textbooks, thanks to the room, and they were all very willing to help each other out. Normally, they probably wouldn't want to be studying every day. But since they had been told by the Ministry that they shouldn't have magic, they all wanted to prove that they had earned the right to be educated. Lunch was usually cold sandwiches and some fruit or vegetables. Then they would go back to studying. They utilized the spot in the corner with all the cushions to practice charms and hexes. In the evening, Dobby would return with dinner. He was always very excited to see them again, and he would even bring them gossip from the castle that only the house-elves knew. Once dinner was over, the rest of Dumbledore's Army would show up. Sometimes they would spend the night scheming, trying to come up with ways to rebel but also help the other students. Many of their ideas ended up being ways to get students out of detention, and vandalizing the walls to advertise Dumbledore's Army. Other times, they just hung out, grateful for a place that they could get away from the strict rules the Carrows had imposed. The Muggleborns enjoyed this, as well, as it gave them more people to interact with on a regular basis, as opposed to just each other. ~LJ:TW~ On one evening at the beginning of October, Lucy found herself surrounded by Jeremy, Ginny, Neville, Luna, Sally-Anne, Oliver Rivers (Sally-Anne's boyfriend), Daphne, Jake, and Seamus. Lucy had just brought up that Dumbledore had tried to give Harry the Sword of Gryffindor in his will. "I wonder what happened to it," Lucy commented. "Scrimgeour never did tell us where it was, other than they weren't going to give it to Harry, since it wasn't Dumbledore's to give." "I bet it's here somewhere," Ginny said. "I mean, it's the Sword of Gryffindor—it makes sense that they wanted to leave it at the school. It belongs here." "If that's the case, I'd guess it's in Snape's office," Jeremy said. "I'm sure they know that Dumbledore tried to give it to Harry, so they'd want to hide it in a place that would be nearly impossible for Harry to get to." "We should steal it," Neville stated. Lucy and her friends stared at him, but he insisted, "Really! We should! If Harry's on a top-secret mission for Dumbledore, and Dumbledore wanted Harry to have the Sword of Gryffindor, then we should try and steal it back for him!" "Neville, I know you want to take down the Carrows and show the students that they don't have to be afraid," Lucy said, "but what you're talking about is dangerous—you could get more than just detention for it." "Besides, even if it was here and we did manage to get it, how would we give it to Harry?" Sally-Anne pointed out. "Nobody knows where he is right now." "I still think we should try," Neville mumbled. ~LJ:TW~ "Lucy!" Lucy looked up to see Seamus and Sally-Anne running down the exit corridor and into the great room. She stood up and hurried forward to meet them. "What's wrong?" she asked immediately. "Neville, Ginny, and Luna tried to get into Snape's office to steal the Sword of Gryffindor," Sally-Anne answered flatly. "What?" Lucy gasped. "Why would they do that? I thought we'd all agreed that it would be too dangerous to try!" "They got to the sword," Seamus reported, "but they were caught on the stairs as they tried to make their escape." "Who caught them?" Lucy demanded. "Snape," Sally-Anne spat the name. "He's given them detention in the Forbidden Forest with Hagrid." Lucy was taken aback for a moment. "They've only got detention in the forest?" she repeated. "After breaking into the Head's office and trying to steal the Sword of Gryffindor, that's all they got? Don't get me wrong—I'm glad it's not more severe—but if the Carrows have been using the Cruciatus Curse on first-years who show up late for class…" "I know," Seamus agreed. "We were all stumped, as well. We thought maybe it had to do with Neville and Ginny being purebloods—the Carrows don't seem interested in hurting the purebloods as opposed to those of us who aren't. They don't want to spill too much pure magic blood or something." "That's fucked up," Lucy muttered darkly. ~LJ:TW~ A few days later, Lucy was playing Exploding Snap with Justin, Colin, and Colin's little brother Dennis when she received a message. Patronuses were the only things that could get through the Room of Requirement's enchantments, which was nice, since Patronuses couldn't be traced. The Patronus took the form of a stallion, and Lucy was confused for a moment about whose it was—she knew that Jeremy's Patronus was a stallion, too, but he wouldn't be sending her a message that way. Bill Weasley's voice came from the stallion, "Lucy, we need you at Shell Cottage as soon as you can get here. Ron appeared in the middle of the night; he's by himself. He's asking for you." Lucy stared at the spot where the Patronus had appeared long after it had vanished. Her mind was racing, wondering what had happened. Why was Ron at Bill's and Fleur's house? What about Harry and Hermione? "I have to go," she finally said, standing up. "Hold the fort while I'm gone, okay?" She hurried towards the fireplace. "Wait, Lucy, what was that?" Colin asked, scrambling after her. Lucy climbed up the ladder and knocked on the portrait. The frame swung open, revealing the tunnel to the Hog's Head behind it. "That was Bill Weasley," Lucy answered. "Ron turned up on his doorstep and is looking for me. I have to go and figure out what's going on." "Could it be a trap?" Dennis asked, concerned. "No, I don't think so," Lucy replied. "Don't worry, I'll be careful. But if Ron has gotten separated from Harry, I need to go." She smiled at them. "Let the others know. I shouldn't be gone for too long." Then she turned and started jogging down the tunnel. She couldn't help the anxiety she felt at the idea that Harry or Hermione had been hurt or captured. It didn't take her long to reach the portrait on the other end. She pushed the frame forward and saw that Aberforth wasn't around. It was the middle of the day; he was probably down in his pub. Before Lucy Disapparated, she cast a Disillusionment Charm on herself. Then she turned on her heel and vanished. ~LJ:TW~ Lucy hadn't been to visit Bill and Fleur since they'd moved to Shell Cottage. She appeared on a beach, and she could see the cottage in the distance. Removing the Disillusionment Charm from herself, she walked up to the house and knocked on the front door. Unsurprisingly, she was met with a wand in her face. She quickly held her hands up in surrender. As soon as Bill had confirmed that it was her, he let her into the house. "So, how are things?" Lucy asked as she entered the cottage. Fleur stepped out of the kitchen, smiling at her guest. "Well, theengs 'ave been better," she reported. "Likewise," Lucy said, walking up to the other woman and giving her a hug. "Where is he?" She turned back to Bill, whose lips were pursed. "He's upstairs," he answered. "You can go straight up if you want." "'Ere, take zis," Fleur added, disappearing into the kitchen for a moment. When she returned, she was carrying a small tray with a kettle and two tea cups on top of it. "Thanks," Lucy said, accepting the tray. "Upstairs," Bill instructed as Lucy moved towards the staircase, "and second door on the left." Lucy nodded, and she ascended the steps, worried about what she was going to find. She still didn't understand why Ron would be here without Harry or Hermione, and she was wishing hard that nothing had happened to either of them. She reached the room Bill had indicated, and she knocked softly. There was no answer, so she slowly pushed the door open. "Ron?" she asked tentatively. There was no light in the room, other than the sunlight filtering in through the curtains. Lucy could see that there was a figure laying in the bed. Taking out her wand, Lucy lit the lamp in the corner of the room so she could see better. Ron was on the bed, facing the wall away from the door. He still hadn't moved, so Lucy set the tea tray on the table in front of the fireplace. Anxiety was coursing through her at this point, and she sat down in the chair next to the bed. "Ron, it's Lucy," she tried again. Ron was still for a moment longer before he turned over. He didn't look at her, but she could see that he didn't look very well. His eyes were red-rimmed and there were heavy bags under them. He stared at the ceiling. "I fucked up," he finally said, his voice cracking. Lucy frowned. "What do you mean, you fucked up? What happened?" "We had a row," Ron replied. "It was bad, Lucy. It wasn't just some little argument; it was a full-blown screaming match at each other across the tent. And I was furious, and then I—I left." "You left?" Lucy repeated, temper rising a little. "Why would you leave them? They need you!" "Hark who's talking," Ron retorted, finally turning to her. "You didn't come with us. Maybe we needed you." "This isn't about me," Lucy insisted. "Excuse me for sticking out my neck for a bunch of Muggleborns, making sure they didn't get sent to Azkaban simply for not having magical parents. You were supposed to stay with Harry!" "I know!" Ron snapped back. "I told you, I fucked up." He sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. "I shouldn't have left. And now I'm never going to be able to find them, as long as they're still hunting for Horcruxes." Lucy's anger had mostly disappeared when she heard how distraught Ron was. So instead, she requested, "Start at the beginning, and tell me everything that happened." Ron obliged her, sitting up straight in bed and accepting the cup of tea Lucy handed to him before he started. "Hermione Apparated us to Tottenham Court Road after Kingsley's Patronus appeared at the wedding. Then we were attacked by a couple of Death Eaters in a café—" "What?" Lucy yelped, interrupting him immediately. "How were you tracked down so quickly?" "Not sure," Ron admitted. "We wondered if maybe Harry still had the Trace on him." "Hmm," Lucy frowned for a moment, thinking hard about how they could have been found. "Did any of you say You-Know-Who's name before they attacked you?" Ron's brow furrowed for a moment while he thought. "Maybe," he said slowly. "You know what? Probably. Harry only stopped saying his name after I badgered him about it." He paused and then added, "Wait, you didn't say it just now, either." "No, it's been Tabooed," Lucy told him. "I can't believe none of you have heard about that yet—" "Well, to be fair, we've kinda been on the run for the past few months. We haven't exactly had a lot of contact with the rest of the Wizarding world." "Good point," Lucy conceded. "Well, not that you ever do it, but don't say You-Know-Who's real name. It will bring the Death Eaters right to you, 'cause of the Taboo. Kingsley did it right after the wedding and had to go on the run." "No shit?" Ron asked. "What—?" "No, no questions from you," Lucy stopped him. "You need to keep telling me what happened with you, Harry, and Hermione. I'll answer questions after you're done." Ron sighed and continued his story. He told her that, after the Death Eater attack, they went to Grimmauld Place to hide and figure out what they were going to do next. Then he told her about finding out who R.A.B. was—Sirius's younger brother Regulus—and the part Kreacher played in relation to the next Horcrux: Slytherin's locket. When Ron got to the point where Remus had visited them, Lucy stopped him. "I know this part," she said. "Remus came home and told us all about it. Tonks was pissed at him for the rest of the summer. By the time I left, they had been slowly reconciling." "When you left?" Ron repeated. "You finish your story first," Lucy reminded him. Ron continued with Kreacher bringing Mundungus to Grimmauld Place and them learning that Dolores Umbridge had gotten her hands on the locket that was actually a Horcrux. Then he told Lucy all about their trip to the Ministry to track the Horcrux down. "I knew that was you," Lucy said. "It was in the Daily Prophet the morning after." Ron nodded before going on. He told her that they'd found the Horcrux and what they had to do to get it. Then he told her about Hermione having to Apparate them away from Grimmauld Place, because a Death Eater had been on their tails. Ron told her about the awful Splinching he experienced and took weeks to recover from. Then Ron explained how they hadn't figured out how to destroy the Horcrux, nor had they found out where any of the others were. They had taken to Apparating around the countryside until they had come across a group of three wizards—a man named Dirk, Tonks's father Ted, and Dean Thomas—and two goblins, who were on the run from the Ministry. From this group, they had learned about Ginny, Neville, and Luna attempting to steal the Sword of Gryffindor. "I told them not to," Lucy grumbled. "I told them that it would be too dangerous. It's one thing to graffiti the school and try to help kids escape from detention, but breaking into the Head's office…?" She shook her head. "After that was when the row started," Ron said. He hesitated, clearly uncomfortable about telling her what happened. "It just—it didn't seem like Harry knew what he was doing, about all of this. And then it didn't sound like he cared about Ginny getting detention and possibly hurt for the stunt with the Sword of Gryffindor." "Okay, I can see why that might have made you upset," Lucy said, "but I can't see how it turned into a huge row." "Well, the Horcrux—we'd all taken turns wearing it around our necks, and it was starting to affect us," Ron explained. "I won't lie to you—I was having doubts because of how little we'd accomplished… but if it wasn't for the Horcrux, I wouldn't have snapped that badly." "So you're saying the Horcrux made it worse?" Lucy asked. "Yeah," Ron answered quietly. "But then, when I was in my rage and threatening to leave, I asked Hermione if she was going to stay—and she stayed, of course—'cause she'd promised she would, I realize that now, but at the time—with everything else going on—it just felt like a betrayal." Lucy gazed at him sympathetically. She didn't know what it felt like to be under the influence of a Horcrux, but she could at least imagine how it felt when Hermione had insisted that she was staying with Harry. Lucy knew that Ron had been easily jealous when it came to Harry; it had happened just a few years ago, when Harry had been made one of the Hogwarts champions in the Triwizard Tournament. "I know now that I was being stupid," Ron said. "As soon as I had Apparated away from them, I wanted to go back. But I ran right into a group of Snatchers." Lucy gasped. "Did they hurt you?" she asked immediately. "Nah, they were too stupid," Ron scoffed. "But because I look young enough, they got all excited that I might be a runaway Muggleborn. So I told them I was Stan Shunpike—his was the first name that came into my head." "Did they believe you?" "Well, they started to have an argument about whether I was who I said I was." Ron rolled his eyes. "They had taken my wand, and there were five of them, but at least I'd got them distracted. Then two of them got into a fight, so I hit the one holding me in the gut. I grabbed his wand off him, Disarmed the one who was holding mine, and then I was out of there. Didn't manage it very well, though—Splinched myself again." He held up his hand, showing Lucy where he was missing a couple of fingernails. "Not nearly as bad as before, though, huh?" Lucy commented. Ron shook his head. "Anyway, I Disapparated back to where I had left Harry and Hermione, but of course, they were already gone. I had no idea where to start looking for them, so I figured that coming back to what was left of the Order would be the next best thing." "Oh, Ron," Lucy sighed. "What are you going to do now?" "I don't know," Ron said, running a hand through his hair. "I'm not going to be able to find them. They've been using all sorts of protective enchantments, and seeing as it's usually Hermione who's casting them, I'm sure they work." Lucy and Ron sipped their tea in silence for a moment. "So, what have you been up to?" Ron prompted. "Well," Lucy began, setting her tea cup down, "Jeremy and Sally-Anne surprised me at the wedding by Apparating us out before the Death Eaters showed up." "Without telling you?" Ron asked. "Without telling me," Lucy repeated in confirmation. "We ended up at Neville's house. Apparently, his grandmother's part of the Order." "I never knew that," Ron commented. "Neither did I," Lucy said. "After the Muggleborn Registration Commission showed up in the Daily Prophet, I knew I had to do something. So, with the help of Professor McGonagall, we rounded up some of the Muggleborns whose families hadn't gone abroad." "You rounded up a bunch of Muggleborns?" Ron echoed, looking confused. "Yes," Lucy replied, amused at his reaction. "Did you ever think about trying to find us?" Ron asked. "At first, it was all I thought about," Lucy told him, "but I had no idea how I was going to be able to meet up with you without blowing our covers. And then I saw that article in the paper… I figured, if I couldn't go with you to destroy Horcruxes, I could do the next best thing: try and help out the young Muggleborns. So, McGonagall and I went 'round to the Muggleborns' houses, and either convinced them that they needed to go abroad or let their kid come with us." "How many did you end up with?" "Fifteen." "And they're all at your cabin?" Ron asked. "Are you still with Remus and Tonks?" "Nope," Lucy replied. "Remus and Tonks are still living there. Tonks just quit her job at the Auror office, and her mother moved in with them to help her with the end of her pregnancy." "I keep forgetting that she's pregnant." "Me, too, now that I don't see her every day." "So, where did you go with your Muggleborns?" "Well, we went to the cabin initially," Lucy said. She hesitated, wondering whether she should tell Ron where they were, for security reasons. "We—er—we're back at Hogwarts." "What? How?" Ron demanded. "I'm not going to tell you all the details," Lucy said. "I'm just trying to think of the safety of the Muggleborns, after all. If you were captured, their location could be tortured out of you." "Yeah, well, I told you about our Horcrux search," Ron insisted. "True, but I already knew you were looking for Horcruxes," Lucy said with a shrug. They lapsed into silence again. "Listen," Lucy said, picking up her tea cup and draining the last of it. "If you ever manage to get back to Harry and Hermione, please promise me that you'll stay with them." "I will," Ron said quietly. "I wish I hadn't left. Now I'm just going to be a burden on my brother." "Couldn't you go back to the Burrow?" Lucy asked. "No, I—I couldn't go back to my parents' house now," Ron answered. Lucy understood what he didn't want to say; he felt too ashamed to show his face back at home. Choosing not to say anything more on the subject, Lucy stood up and placed both hers and Ron's tea cups back on the tray. "Are you leaving?" Ron asked. "Yeah, I have fifteen Muggleborns to look after," Lucy replied. "They're all studying hard, and I've promised to help them work on their Disarming Charms this afternoon. But I'll come to visit, so you won't have just Bill and Fleur to keep you company. "Oh! Also, Fred, George, and Lee have started a radio show. It's called Potterwatch, and you need a password to get into the program. I think Bill knows about it. Anyway, they've been broadcasting what's really been going on, so you can keep up to date on everything. Yours truly may or may not be one of the correspondents." Lucy beamed, glad that she'd been able to keep helping with the radio show. "Okay," Ron said. "I'll see you soon, then?" "Of course," Lucy said with a smile. She leaned down and hugged her friend. "Be safe. Don't go doing anything stupid." "Hark who's talking," Ron smirked as Lucy pulled away from him. Lucy stuck her tongue out at him and then left the room, carrying the tray with her. She went down to the kitchen, where Bill and Fleur were sitting and talking quietly. "Is he all right?" Bill asked immediately. "He wouldn't tell us anything; just that he'd gotten separated from Harry and Hermione." "He's okay," Lucy answered, handing Fleur the tea tray. "He's just feeling guilty and a bit stupid for now. I'll be back soon to visit, if that's all right with you." "You may as well," Bill said. "It's not like we can leave the house anymore. He's going to need the company, or else I'm afraid he's just going to mope around here for who knows how long." "I'll be back this weekend, then," Lucy said. "Thanks. I'll see you later." She stepped forward and hugged both Bill and Fleur before exiting the cottage. Lucy couldn't help but feel relieved. Ron was okay, even though he was feeling immensely guilty for leaving his friends, and Harry and Hermione were still all right, as far as Lucy knew. She really had been worried that she was going to receive some bad news. When she'd gotten back to the beach, Lucy cast the Disillusionment Charm over herself and then Disapparated. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: Gwen and Henry Sanders are only mentioned this one time. I wanted to show a glimpse of some home-schooled students who were forced to go to Hogwarts because of the new rules. I thought about adding them into the story, but I already have plenty of characters running around without adding more. I don't know how well I've shown this over the series, since they don't have a lot of scenes where it's just the two of them, but Lucy and Ron actually are really close friends. I feel like she's scolding him a lot, but Lucy really does feel like Ron is like a brother to her.
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 14 – From Christmas to Easter October passed into November, and Lucy kept her promise to continue visiting Ron at Shell Cottage to keep his spirits up. She even played a game of chess against him, which was something she had once told him she'd never do. He beat her, of course, and it didn't surprise either of them. While Ron did enjoy the visits from Lucy, she knew that he was constantly thinking about how he was going to get back to Harry and Hermione. As the days went on, Lucy wondered where Harry and Hermione were, now that she knew that they had been on the run all over the country. Maybe they would end up in Godric's Hollow at one point, like Harry had wanted to. Lucy would be a little jealous if that happened; she wanted to see where her parents had lived—where she had lived for the first year of her life. Lucy was surprised that she wasn't getting cabin fever like she did when she had been living with Remus and Tonks, although she was leaving Hogwarts more often than she had left the cabin in the woods. Not only was she leaving to visit Ron, but she was also still meeting up with Fred, George, Lee, and Remus to do Potterwatch. She was officially their Hogwarts correspondent, and her friends at the school were more than willing to help her dish the dirt on their new headmaster and his lackeys, the Carrows. Meanwhile, the Muggleborns were continuing to practice their magic. Lucy made sure that they did a lot of defensive practicing, just in case they ever needed to defend themselves. All of them were showing major improvement in basic dueling spells, which Lucy was delighted about. The Room of Requirement was also still the meeting place for Dumbledore's Army. After Neville, Ginny, and Luna had been caught trying to steal the Sword of Gryffindor, they had all decided that they weren't going to do something that dangerous again. Getting walloped once or twice for mouthing off to the Carrows was one thing; the possibility of getting arrested was something entirely different. ~LJ:TW~ It was the beginning of December before Lucy knew it. It was the weekend, and Lucy and Jeremy had snuck away from everyone else to spend some alone time in Lucy's little bedroom. Even though Lucy had been back at Hogwarts since mid-September, she and Jeremy hadn't been able to get a moment away from everyone—Lucy had been busy with the Muggleborns, and they had both been busy with Dumbledore's Army. After throwing up a soundproofing spell, they were quick to shed their clothes, and Lucy cast the contraceptive charm on herself. They were quickly on the bed together. Neither of them lasted very long, something they weren't ashamed of. And when they were both spent, they curled up next to each other without bothering to get dressed. "I'm sorry that it's been that long," Lucy said to Jeremy after they'd caught their breath. "It's not your fault," Jeremy said. "We've all been otherwise preoccupied. Besides, we're in the middle of a war; we're lucky that we even get to spend clothed time together." Lucy giggled, laying her head on Jeremy's chest. She listened to him breathing for a little while, content to finally have some alone time with him. She found herself reluctant to get up and get her clothes on, but they both knew that they'd have to rejoin the real world. There was still a lot of work left to do. ~LJ:TW~ Christmas was coming closer, and Lucy hadn't gotten anyone gifts. In her defense, it was quite difficult to get presents for friends and loved ones when she was in hiding; she couldn't exactly go out to the shops and pick something up. Because the Muggleborns had to remain at Hogwarts over the holidays, Lucy had promised to be there for Christmas dinner. Nearly all of the other students had gone home for the holidays, glad to be out from under the Carrows' thumbs for a while. Even Jeremy and Sally-Anne left, choosing to go back to Sirius's cabin in the woods with Remus, Tonks, and Tonks's mother Andromeda. Lucy spent the first few days of the holidays there, as well. She and Jeremy locked themselves in their bedroom for a few hours the evening they got back—Jeremy had arrived on the Hogwarts Express, while Lucy had Apparated from the Hog's Head. They spent the time thoroughly reacquainting themselves with each other, and they couldn't even be embarrassed over the fact that Remus, Tonks, Andromeda, and Sally-Anne were just in the other room. ~LJ:TW~ When Christmas morning arrived, Lucy paid Bill, Fleur, and Ron a visit. When Lucy got to the cottage, she found the three of them sitting around the living room, listening to the radio. "Happy Christmas, Lucy," Ron said, grinning. Lucy hugged the three of them, happy to see them, even if only for a few hours. She had to get back to Hogwarts that afternoon to have Christmas dinner with the Muggleborns. When she sat down next to Ron on the couch, Bill handed a batch of packages over. "Mum gave this to me last time I went home," Bill explained. "She doesn't really leave the house these days, so she wanted to get you, Jeremy, Sally-Anne, Remus, and Tonks your presents. She knows that I've seen you, so she figured that I'd be able to get them to you." "Your mother is a saint," Lucy said, smiling. "None of us really had any presents to exchange this morning, so I know that we'll all appreciate this. Be sure to tell her thanks from us when you see her next." Bill and Fleur got up and went into the kitchen a few minutes later, leaving Lucy and Ron in the sitting room. They were listening to the soft music playing over the radio when they heard it. "… Ron…" Lucy and Ron sat bolt upright, staring at each other, and Lucy said, "That sounded like—" "Hermione," Ron breathed. It had sounded like Hermione's voice. "But where did it come from?" Lucy asked. Ron rummaged around in his pocket before pulling out Dumbledore's Deluminator. As he was holding it, they heard Hermione's voice say something about a wand, and it was coming from the device. "But—I thought—doesn't it just put lights out?" Lucy questioned, confused. "How is Hermione's voice coming out of that thing?" "I don't know," Ron replied. "Should I—should I click it?" "Might as well," Lucy said with a shrug. Ron lifted it into the air and clicked it. The light in the room went out, but another light had appeared. It was a blue orb, floating outside the window. "I think… I've got to go," Ron said, looking excited. "I think it's going to lead me somewhere—lead me to Hermione." He got up and sprinted for the staircase. "How?" Lucy asked, scrambling after him. "Ron, wait—!" Up in his room, Ron had already begun packing his bag. Lucy stood in the doorway, watching him apprehensively. The Deluminator was of Dumbledore's own making, after all, and if that orb of light had come from it, then it couldn't be a bad thing. But how could they be sure? Ron was packed in just a few minutes. Then he tore from the room, went back down the stairs, and flew out of the front door, with Lucy on his heels. "Ron, are you sure about this?" Lucy asked. "I'm sure," Ron answered. "I can just feel it. It's going to take me back to Hermione—back to Harry." He looked at Lucy and added, "Come with me." "What?" Lucy asked, startled. "Come with me," Ron repeated. "We all missed you, and we all need you. It was supposed to be the four of us hunting down Horcruxes—together." "Ron, I can't," Lucy said softly. "I have all those Muggleborns to look after. I can't abandon them now. They need me, too, more than the three of you do." Ron sighed. "I figured you'd say something like that. Still, I had to try." Looking her dead in the eye, he added, "I promise you this, though: I won't leave Harry and Hermione again." "Promise me that you'll be careful, too," Lucy said. "Please, please, be safe." "I'll do my very best," Ron answered. Then he swooped in to give Lucy a hug, a first for him; usually it was Lucy who initiated their hugs. "Tell Bill and Fleur where I went." "How?" Lucy laughed. "I don't even know where you're going!" Ron grinned before turning back to the ball of light. He stepped towards it and then paused as it floated towards him. It seemed to pierce his chest, but he didn't make any sound that indicated he was in pain. Lucy watched as he stood there for a moment before turning on his heel and Disapparating. "Ron!" a voice shouted from behind Lucy. Lucy looked over her shoulder and saw Bill and Fleur hurrying up to her. "Where did he go?" Bill asked, looking concerned. "I don't know," Lucy replied, facing them fully before briefly explaining to them what had happened. "He thinks he's going back to Harry and Hermione." She glanced back at the spot where her friend had just vanished from. "I just hope he knows what he's doing." ~LJ:TW~ Not long after, Lucy had Apparated back to Sirius's cabin in the woods. The others there were surprised to see her, as she was originally going back to Hogwarts directly when she was finished at Shell Cottage. "I've brought presents!" Lucy announced. "Where did you get presents?" Tonks asked. "Mrs. Weasley gave them to Bill to give to me," Lucy answered. "There's one for each of us." She passed the packages out to Remus, Tonks, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne. "Mrs. Weasley got me a present?" Sally-Anne questioned, looking touched. Lucy nodded, smiling at her. "C'mon, open them up! I want to see what Mrs. Weasley got us." Everyone tore into their packages. Each one was roughly the same size and quite lumpy, making Lucy suspect what they were before anyone had pulled the paper off. Sure enough, each one of them removed a hand-knit sweater from the packaging. "Classic Weasley sweater," Lucy said, hugging the purple piece of clothing to her. She still had each one of her sweaters from the past six years, and she would cherish them forever. "Mrs. Weasley really knows how to make it feel like Christmas." "Wow," Jeremy said, turning his blue sweater over in his hands. "This is wonderful. It looks really warm, too." "It definitely is," Lucy said. "It's the best winter sweater you'll ever have." The others murmured their agreement. Remus also had a blue sweater, although his was darker than Jeremy's. Tonks's was bright pink, and Sally-Anne's was green. "We'll have to send her some kind of thank you," Tonks commented. "But you're right, Lucy. Now it really does feel like Christmas." ~LJ:TW~ A few hours later, Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne Apparated to the Hog's Head—Jeremy and Sally-Anne had decided at the last minute to come to Christmas dinner there, too. Aberforth gave Lucy the usual grief about her using his sitting room as a railway station before wishing them a Happy Christmas. Then the three of them climbed up into the tunnel and made their way back to Hogwarts. "Happy Christmas, Lucy!" Colin announced when Lucy, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne had arrived back in the Room of Requirement. Lucy grinned at them before descending the ladder and joining the Muggleborns in the dining area. Jeremy and Sally-Anne followed her. "Hey, everyone," Lucy greeted. "Jeremy and Sally-Anne decided to join me this afternoon. Tonks and Remus are having Christmas dinner with Tonks's mother, and we thought it'd be nice for them to have a family dinner for the holiday." The Muggleborns greeted Jeremy and Sally-Anne warmly. A few minutes later, Dobby appeared with their Christmas dinner. He beamed as all the Muggleborns complimented and thanked him. They all helped set the dinner out on one of the tables, and then they squeezed together on the benches. They even invited Dobby to sit and eat with them. The dinner felt almost like Christmas in the Great Hall. There were Christmas crackers that they all took turns opening, and the food was amazing, as it always was. Since none of them had any contact with their families or their other friends, this was all they were getting for Christmas, yet none of them complained. In fact, Lucy thought that it was shaping up to be a rather nice Christmas, despite the fact that they were in hiding in the middle of a war. ~LJ:TW~ The rest of the holiday break passed quickly. Lucy spent the few days after Christmas at Sirius's cabin with Remus, Tonks, Andromeda, Jeremy, and Sally-Anne. Then she went back to Hogwarts early so that she could spend time with the Muggleborns. She didn't want it to seem like she could come and go as she pleased while the Muggleborns had to stay put; she already felt like she left them too often. Soon enough, the Hogwarts students had returned to school. Christmas was over, and with it came some terrible news. Neville, Ginny, and Sally-Anne came to the Room of Requirement the night the students came back, and they were all looking grave. "What's wrong?" Lucy asked immediately. "What's happened?" "Luna was taken by Death Eaters," Neville began, sounding upset. "We had just arrived back in London, and we were all getting off the Hogwarts Express, and I saw them take her. They say it's because of what her father had been writing in The Quibbler." "Apparently, they finally had enough of him not cooperating," Ginny said, pulling the latest copy of The Quibbler out of her robe pocket and tossing it towards Lucy. Lucy caught it and looked at the front cover. There was the photo of Harry, declaring him as Undesirable Number One, that the Ministry was constantly putting out. Up until then, The Quibbler had been very pro-Harry, so Lucy wondered what had changed. "Obviously, they kidnapped Luna to get him to stop publishing all that stuff about Harry," Sally-Anne said sadly. "And that's not all. He's been arrested and taken to Azkaban, even though he has been cooperating with the Death Eaters since they took Luna. Here." She handed Lucy a copy of the Daily Prophet. Lucy took one look at the paper before gasping in horror. It stated that Harry had been seen at Xenophilius's house with an unnamed female, but they had gotten away. "They went to see Xenophilius Lovegood?" Lucy murmured aloud. "Why would they go and see him?" "I don't know, but they got away," Ginny commented gently. "That's the important thing." "It is," Lucy agreed. "Hm.… It says that he was seen with a female—obviously Hermione—but there's no mention of anyone else. I wonder if Ron has found them again." "I thought you said Ron was at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur," Ginny said, frowning. "He was, but he thought he'd found a way to get back to Harry and Hermione, so he left on Christmas morning." Lucy sighed before asking, "How was it at home?" "Quiet," Ginny answered. "Subdued. Mum cried a lot. You know, with Charlie in Romania, Percy still not talking to the family, and Ron on the run with Harry and Hermione.… Fred and George tried their hardest to make us all smile, but it was a very difficult holiday." ~LJ:TW~ Lucy had a hard time adjusting to the fact that Luna had been taken captive by the Death Eaters. Lucy didn't even see Luna on a regular basis, but they could all feel it in the dynamic of the group. Everyone missed her, and Lucy hoped every day that she was all right. Lucy threw herself even more into helping the Muggleborns train to defend themselves. They were all studying and training hard, trying to get ready for anything that might happen. Days turned into weeks, and weeks turned into months. Before Lucy knew it, it was April. There had been no news on where Harry, Ron, or Hermione were, and the Carrows and Snape still hadn't discovered that Lucy and fifteen Muggleborns were hiding out right under their noses. When Easter came around, most of the students went home for the break. Easter was usually a less popular time for people to go home, but those who left wanted desperately to get away from the Carrows. Jeremy and Sally-Anne went to Sirius's cabin in the woods, much like Christmas, but this time, Lucy stayed at Hogwarts with the Muggleborns. Jeremy came back to Hogwarts via the Hog's Head passage on the first day of the break with bad news for Lucy. They went back to Lucy's bedroom to get some privacy. "My mother sent me an owl," he began. "She said that she heard my father speaking with some other Death Eaters. They're going to try and use me to flush you out, which will in turn flush Harry out." Lucy stared at Jeremy as her mind attempted to process this information. "I—you—what?" "They can't get to me while I'm home, obviously," Jeremy said, "but when I get back on the Hogwarts Express, they're going to take me and use me as bait to get to you, so they can use you to get to Harry." Lucy dropped onto her bed. "I can't—I don't—" She felt tears welling up. "What are we gonna do? I can't let you get taken off the train—I don't want you getting hurt because of me." Jeremy sat down next to her and put his arms around her, pulling her into his chest. "Don't worry," he said. "I'm not planning on getting taken off the train." He sighed. "I guess I'll just have to stay back at the cabin until this all blows over." "Or—you could stay here, in the Room of Requirement," Lucy suggested hopefully. "I know my bed isn't very big, but we could share, and you could help me with training the Muggleborns." "I suppose I could," Jeremy said. "Huh. I never even thought about that option." He frowned before adding, "I'll pack a bag at the cabin instead of bringing my whole trunk. I shouldn't need all of my things if I'm effectively going into hiding." "That settles that, then," Lucy said, smiling at the fact that Jeremy would be staying with her in the Room of Requirement. "That was nice of your mom to warn you, though. Any reason why she would do that?" "She was raised to be a properly proud pureblood witch," Jeremy said, "but I have always been the most important thing to her. It's something my father has never realized before, and it's finally coming to bite him in the ass. If he's going to try and threaten me, my mother will do anything to stop him." ~LJ:TW~ A few days later, Lucy finally received a Patronus from George, letting her know that they were going to be doing another Potterwatch. They hadn't been able to do one since before Christmas, because the Death Eaters had been swarming around the area where they had wanted to broadcast from. After saying farewell to the Muggleborns, Lucy went down the passage to the Hog's Head and Apparated away. She appeared in a house she'd never been to before, finding Lee already setting up the microphones. Fred, George, Remus, and Kingsley were also present, getting the room ready for the broadcast. Lucy ran around the room, hugging them all; she savored the times when she could see her friends and make sure they were still alive. Soon, they were all sitting down around the table. Lee waved his wand, and the broadcast began. "Hello, faithful listeners," Lee began. "This is the one and only River, back for another episode of Potterwatch. We apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters. But we've now found ourselves another secure location, and I'm pleased to tell you that all five of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening!" "Hi," Lucy, Fred, George, Remus, and Kingsley all chorused. "But before we hear from any of our contributors, let's take a moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet don't think important enough to mention," Lee went on, and Lucy felt anxiety coil in her gut. "It is with great regret that we inform our listeners of the murders of Dirk Cresswell and Ted Tonks." Lucy put her hand over her mouth to avoid gasping aloud. Remus reached over and squeezed her other hand in his. "A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. It is believed that Muggleborn Dean Thomas and a second goblin—both believe to have been traveling with Tonks, Cresswell, and Gornuk—may have escaped." "If Dean is listening, or if anyone has any knowledge of his whereabouts, his parents, sisters, and friends are desperate for news," Lucy cut in quickly, and Lee nodded at her. "Thank you, Rain," he said. "Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has been found dead in their home. Muggle authorities are attributing the deaths to a gas leak, but members of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it was the Killing Curse—more evidence, as if it were needed, of the fact that Muggle slaughter is becoming little more than a recreational sport under the new regime. "Finally, we regret to inform our listeners that the remains of Bathilda Bagshot have been discovered in Godric's Hollow. The evidence is that she died several months ago. The Order of the Phoenix informs us that her body showed unmistakable signs of injuries inflicted by Dark magic. "Listeners, I'd like to invite you now to join us in a minute's silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed—but no less regretted—Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters." Silence fell, and Lucy looked at Remus. "Does Tonks know?" she breathed in his direction, and Remus only nodded. When the minute of silence was over, Lee started again, "Thank you. And now, we turn to regular contributor Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world." "Thanks, River," Kingsley said before quietly clearing his throat. "Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to sustain heavy casualties. However, we continue to hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches risking their own safety to protect Muggle friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles' knowledge. I'd like to appeal to all our listeners to emulate their example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over any Muggle dwellings in your street. Many lives could be saved if such simple measures are taken." "And what would you say, Royal, to those listeners who reply that, in these dangerous times, it should be wizards first?" Lee asked. "I'd say that it's one short step from wizards first to purebloods first, and then to Death Eaters," Kingsley replied, and Lucy nodded vigorously to signify her agreement. "We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same—and worth saving." "Excellently put, Royal, and you've got my vote for Minister of Magic—if we ever get out of this mess," Lee said. "And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature Pals of Potter." "Thanks, River," Remus said into his microphone. "Romulus, do you maintain—as you have every time you've appeared on our program—that Harry Potter is still alive?" Lee prompted. "I do," Remus stated. "There is no doubt at all in my mind that his death would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resisting the new regime. The Boy Who Lived remains a symbol of everything for which we are fighting: the triumph of good—the power of innocence—the need to keep existing." "And what would you say to Harry if you knew he was listening, Romulus?" Lee asked. "I'd tell him we're all with him in spirit," Remus said. "And I'd tell him—I'd tell him to follow his instincts, which are good and nearly always right." "Well said, Romulus," Lee said. "Now, we turn to Rain and our usual update on those friends of Harry Potter's who are suffering for their allegiance." "Thanks, River," Lucy said. "Well, as regular listeners will probably know, several of the more outspoken supporters of Harry Potter have now been imprisoned—including Xenophilius Lovegood, editor of The Quibbler. I have also heard through my sources at Hogwarts that Rubeus Hagrid—well-known gamekeeper at the school—has narrowly escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where he is rumored to have hosted a Support Harry Potter party in his house." Lucy had to bite her tongue for a moment to stop herself from laughing, because it was such a Hagrid thing for him to do. "However, Hagrid was not taken into custody, and is—we believe—on the run." "I suppose it helps, when escaping from Death Eaters, if you've got a sixteen-foot-high half-brother," Lee chuckled. "It would tend to give you an edge," Lucy agreed dryly. "Now, we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid's spirit, but we would urge devoted Harry Potter supporters against following Hagrid's lead. Support Harry Potter parties are unwise in the present climate." "Indeed, they are, Rain," Lee said, "so we suggest that you continue to show your devotion to the man with the lightning scar by listening to Potterwatch! And now, let's move to news concerning the wizard who is proving just as elusive as Harry Potter. We like to refer to him as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on some of the more insane rumors circulating about him, I'd like to introduce another of our usual correspondents: Rodent!" "I told you, it's Rapier!" Fred shouted. "I'm not being Rodent, so stop calling me that!" "Oh, all right, then," Lee said, his tone amused. "Rapier, could you please give us your take on the various stories we've been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?" "Yes, River, I can," Fred said. He stuck his tongue out at Lee, who flipped him the middle finger in return. "As our listeners will know—unless they've taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar—You-Know-Who's strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged sightings of him are genuine, we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos running around the place." "Which suits him, of course," Kingsley said. "The air of mystery is creating more terror than actually showing himself." "Agreed," Fred said. "So, people, let's try and calm down a bit. Things are bad enough without inventing stuff, as well. For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill with a single glance from his eyes? That's a basilisk, listeners. One simple test: check whether the thing that's glaring at you has got legs. If it has, it's safe to look into its eyes—although if it really is You-Know-Who, that's still likely to be the last thing you'll ever do." "And the rumors that he keeps being sighted abroad?" Lee questioned. "Well, who wouldn't want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he's been putting in?" Fred quipped. "Point is, people—don't get lulled into a false sense of security, thinking he's out of the country. Maybe he is; maybe he isn't. But the fact remains that he can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo when he wants to, so don't count on him being a long way away if you're planning on taking any risks. I never thought I'd hear myself say it, but safety first!" "Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier," Lee said. "Listeners, that brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. We don't know when it will be possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure we shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials; the next password will by Mad-Eye. Remember, keep each other safe, and keep the faith. Good night." "'Bye!" Lucy, Fred, George, Kingsley, and Remus said together. Lee ended the broadcast and then signaled to the others that it was safe to speak. Lucy turned immediately to Remus. "I'm so sorry," she said. "I wish you'd told me about Ted—I would have come home to make sure Tonks was all right." "She'll be fine," Remus said, patting Lucy's shoulder. "We all will be. It was a shock, of course, but Tonks and her mother have each other." "How's Tonks feeling, anyway?" Lucy asked. "You know, with the pregnancy?" "She keeps saying that she feels huge," Remus said with a small smile. "I don't blame her; she's around eight months, now." "You will be sure to let me know when she gives birth, right?" Lucy requested. "I want to be there to see the little jellybean when he or she gets here." Remus chuckled. "Don't worry," he assured her. "I will make sure that you know right away. I know that Tonks would want you to know, too." ~LJ:TW~ A/N: This chapter seems like a big filler episode. There's very little going on during this period of time. You hear a little bit more about Jeremy's mother in this chapter. Like he says, Jeremy is the most important thing to Eveline; he's the only reason she's been able to stay with her husband all this time. This is the Pottermore broadcast that Harry, Ron and Hermione overhear, in case you were wondering. Next is the third and final interlude!
Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Interlude 3 – Return "You—complete—ass, Ronald Weasley!" Hermione shouted, punching every bit of Ron that she could reach. "You crawl back here—after weeks and weeks—oh, where's my wand?" She turned quickly to Harry. "Protego!" Harry said immediately, separating Hermione and Ron from each other. "Hermione!" Harry insisted. "Calm—!" "I will not calm down!" Hermione cried. "Give me back my wand! Give it back to me!" Harry tried again, "Hermione, will you please—?" "Don't you tell me what to do, Harry Potter!" she screamed. "Don't you dare! Give it back, now! And you!" She whirled around, pointing at Ron, who took a couple steps back. "I came running after you! I called to you! I begged you to come back!" "I know," Ron said. "Hermione, I'm sorry! I'm really—" "Oh, you're sorry!" Hermione laughed. "You come back after weeks—weeks—and you think it's all going to be all right if you just say sorry?" "Well, what else can I say?" Ron shot back. "Oh, I don't know!" Hermione said sarcastically. "Rack your brains, Ron—that should only take a couple of seconds—!" "Hermione," Harry said disapprovingly, "he just saved my—" "I don't care!" Hermione insisted heatedly. "I don't care what he's done! Weeks and weeks—we could have been dead for all he knew—!" "I knew you weren't dead!" Ron cut in swiftly. "Harry's all over the Prophet and the radio—they're looking for you everywhere. There're all these rumors and mental stories—I knew I'd hear straight off if you were dead. You don't know what it's been like—" "What it's been like for you?" Hermione screeched incredulously. "Look, I wanted to come back the minute I'd Disapparated, but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione," Ron said. "I couldn't go anywhere!" "A gang of what?" Harry echoed, confused, as Hermione crossed the tent and sat down in one of the chairs, still glaring murderously at Ron. "Snatchers—they're everywhere," Ron answered. "They're these gangs of people trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggleborns and blood traitors—there's a reward from the Ministry for everyone captured. They're allowed to use any means necessary to bring people in. Anyway, I was on my own, and I look like I might be school aged. The Snatchers got really excited—thought I was a Muggleborn in hiding. I had to talk fast to get out of being dragged to the Ministry." "What did you say to them?" Harry asked. "Told them I was Stan Shunpike," Ron snorted. "First person I could think of." "And they believed that?" Harry questioned. "They weren't the brightest," Ron commented with a shake of his head. "One of them was definitely part troll, going by the smell off him.…" He paused to glance at Hermione, who didn't move. "Anyway, they had a row about whether I was Stan or not. It was a bit pathetic, to be honest, but there were still five of them and only one of me—and they'd taken my wand. Then two of them got into a fight, and while the others were distracted, I managed to hit the one holding me in the stomach. Then I grabbed his wand, Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Disapparated. I didn't do it so well, though—Splinched myself again." He held up his hand to show them his missing fingernails. "I came out miles from where you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank where we'd been… you were gone." "Gosh, what a gripping story," Hermione cut in sarcastically. "You must have been simply terrified. Meanwhile, we went to Godric's Hollow and—let's think—what happened there, Harry? Oh, yes, You-Know-Who's snake turned up, it nearly killed both of us, and then You-Know-Who himself arrived and missed us by about a second!" "What?" Ron gasped. "Imagine losing fingernails, Harry!" Hermione said, ignoring him. "That really puts our sufferings into perspective, doesn't it?" "Hermione, Ron just saved my life," Harry said firmly. But Hermione wasn't having it. "There's one thing I would like to know, though," she said. "How exactly did you find us tonight? That's important. Once we know, we'll be able to make sure we're not visited by anyone else we don't want to see." Ron rolled his eyes before pulling the Deluminator out of his pocket and holding it up for the others to see. "This." "The Deluminator?" Hermione asked. "It doesn't just turn the lights on and off," Ron explained. "I don't know how it works, or why it happened then but not any other time—because I've been wanting to come back ever since I left. Don't get me wrong, Bill's and Fleur's house is fine and all, and I was able to see Lucy a few times—" "You've seen Lucy?" Harry interrupted. "She's with Bill and Fleur?" "No, she's not," Ron said. "Bill called for her when I showed up, and she visited me when she could." "Why didn't you bring her back with you?" Harry fired back. "I asked her to come with, but she said she couldn't," Ron answered. Harry felt a whisper of fury at that statement. "Well, why the hell not?" he demanded. "Why wouldn't she come and help us?" "She's at Hogwarts," Ron explained. Harry and Hermione stared at him as he went on, "She wouldn't tell me how, but she's managed to round up fifteen Muggleborns, and she's hiding them at Hogwarts. She didn't want to tell me details, in case I got captured by Death Eaters." Harry and Hermione exchanged a glance. Any guilt Harry had felt about leaving Lucy behind was being replaced by a sense of abandonment. She should have come back with Ron, he thought. She's supposed to be here with us, not at Hogwarts with a bunch of Muggleborns. "Did she tell you what's been going on back home?" Harry asked, wanting a distraction from the anger that was building up in his chest. Ron started, "Yeah, loads—" "Excuse me," Hermione stopped him coldly, "but you were telling us about the Deluminator." "Er—right," Ron said. "Well, on Christmas morning, Lucy came over to have breakfast with Bill, Fleur, and me. She and I were listening to the radio when we heard… we heard you, Hermione." "You heard me on the radio?" Hermione asked. "No, we heard you coming out of my pocket," Ron said. "Your voice came out of this." He gently shook the Deluminator in his hand. "And what exactly did I say?" Hermione demanded. "My name," Ron replied. "Ron. And you said… something about a wand.… So I took it out, but it didn't seem different or anything—but we were sure we'd heard you. I asked Lucy if I should click it, and she said yes, so I did. This light appeared outside the window—it was like a ball of light, kind of pulsing and bluish—like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?" "Yeah," Harry and Hermione said together. "I knew this was it," Ron said. "I grabbed my stuff and packed it. Then I put on my rucksack and went out into the garden. The little ball of light was out there, waiting for me. I said good-bye to Lucy, and when I stepped toward the light, it—well, it went inside me." "Sorry?" Harry asked. "It sort of floated toward me, right to my chest, and then it just went straight through. It was here." Ron touched his chest to show them. "I could feel it—it was hot. And once it was inside me, I knew what I was supposed to do—I knew it would take me where I needed to go. So, I Disapparated, and came out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere.…" ~LJ:TW~ A/N: This is the last interlude, btw. I know it ends kind of abruptly, but if I didn't end it here, I would have had to put in Ron's entire explanation. The most important part of this exchange was Harry's anger at Lucy.
A/N: Ack! Sorry about the late upload. Because of the holiday, I've kind of lost track of which day it is, and the reminders on my phone have been a little bit screwy. Here's chapter 15! To my American readers: Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving on Thursday! Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 15 – Briefly Reunited Lucy returned to Hogwarts following the Potterwatch broadcast to see the Muggleborns lounging around the main sitting area. The radio was playing softly in the background, which meant that they had listened to the show. Potterwatch and the regular reports Remus, Tonks, and Bill sent via Patronus was their only real means of keeping up with what was happening in the outside world. Colin and Dennis Creevey met Lucy at the bottom of the ladder off the fireplace, asking if she wanted to play Exploding Snap with her. "Have you all eaten dinner yet?" Lucy asked. "Yeah," Colin answered. "Dobby brought it for us, but then Aberforth needed him for something, so he didn't get to stay for long. We saved you some, though." "All right," Lucy said, nodding. "Let me get some of that before we play, okay?" Twenty minutes later, Lucy had finished her meal, and then she joined the Creeveys in their game. They liked to play with Lucy's special extended deck, which had been a gift to her from the Weasley twins. ~LJ:TW~ They played for a few hours, until some of the other Muggleborns were heading off to bed. Even though there wasn't much stopping them from staying up as long as they liked, most of the Muggleborns—and Lucy herself—liked to get to bed at a decent hour. The Room of Requirement had sprouted some enchanted windows a few weeks into their stay, mimicking the outside world, so that they wouldn't lose their sense of time while cooped up in the castle. Lucy, Colin, and Dennis had just finished another round of Exploding Snap when a burst of light entered the room. The Patronus took the form of a swan, and then—to Lucy's surprise—Fleur's voice came out of it. "Lucy, we need you at Shell Cottage urgently. Please come as soon as you can." Lucy stared at the Patronus as it faded away, shocked at the desperation in Fleur's tone. Then she was up and on her feet, hurtling towards the fireplace. She ignored the shouts from behind her as she hoisted herself up onto the mantle and knocked on Arianna's portrait. It swung forward, and she sprinted down the tunnel to the Hog's Head. When she pushed the portrait open at the other end of the passage, she stopped short when she saw Aberforth standing in the room. She usually didn't see much of the barman when she was coming and going from his place. He turned to her, looking grave. "What is it?" she asked. "Harry Potter was captured and taken to Malfoy Manor," Aberforth answered. Lucy froze, her stomach dropping. "No—" "I sent Dobby after him," Aberforth added. "I haven't heard anything since, but hopefully he was able to get out." "Wait—you sent Dobby after him?" Lucy questioned. "How did you know he was there in the first place?" Aberforth went to the fireplace and picked up something that looked familiar to Lucy—a two-way mirror. "I bought this off Mundungus, who'd found it at Grimmauld Place. Sirius had given the other one to Harry, and he still has it. I've been checking up on him in it." "I didn't know that Sirius had given Harry a two-way mirror," Lucy said. "So Harry was able to get a message to you about where he was, and you sent Dobby after him?" Aberforth nodded, and Lucy went on, "I just got a message from Fleur Weasley, asking me to go to Shell Cottage as soon as I could. Maybe it has something to do with this." "Maybe," Aberforth said. Then, with uncharacteristic kindness, he added, "Be safe." Lucy gave him a small smile before turning on the spot and Disapparating. ~LJ:TW~ She appeared on the familiar beach a short way away from Shell Cottage. It was dark; she could hardly see the house from where she stood. She jogged up the beach and entered the garden. She could see the silhouettes of people moving around inside the cottage, but then she heard a faint grunting noise coming from nearby. Pulling out her wand, she lit the end of it and scanned the garden. "Harry?" she asked softly, her voice trembling a bit when she saw her brother. It had been so long—too long—and she couldn't help the tears that pricked in the corners of her eyes. Harry, breathing a little heavy, looked up from the hole he was digging. He stopped, staring at her as though he wasn't sure what he was seeing. "Lucy," he finally said, his voice cracking a bit. Lucy stepped closer to him as he climbed out of the hole. He seemed exhausted, and his eyes looked as though most of the life had been drained out of them. Lucy threw her arms around him and hugged him close, so unbelievably happy that he was still alive. Harry didn't even hesitate to fall into her embrace; he gripped the back of her robes tightly in his hands. She felt him loose a shuddering breath against her shoulder. "Harry?" Lucy let go of her brother, and he stepped away from her, turning to see who was coming towards them. Ron and—to Lucy's immense surprise—Dean Thomas had come out of the cottage, most likely to check up on what Harry was doing—Lucy still wasn't quite sure, but the pit in her stomach thought that the hole looked like a grave. "Lucy?" Dean asked, looking confused. "Hi, Dean," Lucy said, giving her classmate a small smile. "Fleur sent for me, but she didn't say why, so here I am." She glanced back at Harry again and asked, "What happened? I heard something about Malfoy Manor—" Harry turned away from her, looking back at his hole. Then, without saying anything, he picked up his shovel and started digging again. Lucy glanced around at Ron and Dean; Ron mouthed later in her direction. "How's Hermione?" Harry asked. "I-I—" Ron stuttered. He cleared his throat and said, "Fleur's looking after her." "What happened to Hermione?" Lucy demanded, alarmed. "She—er—" Ron was still looking at Harry with uncertainty, and Lucy knew that it must have been bad if he didn't feel comfortable talking about it in front of Harry. "I'll go check inside," Lucy said quietly. "You can explain later." She turned and went into the cottage, noticing that Ron and Dean intended on joining Harry in digging the hole. Lucy opened the cottage door after knocking tentatively. Bill was standing in the kitchen, and he didn't seem surprised to see her. "Hi, Lucy," he said. "Thanks for coming as quickly as you could." "Of course," Lucy said. "What's happened? Is Hermione okay?" "I don't know much," Bill warned her. "Fleur and I were getting ready for bed when a house-elf—Dobby, I think his name was—appeared with Mr. Ollivander and your friends Dean and Luna. Then Dobby left again and returned a little while later with Harry, Ron, Hermione, and a goblin named Griphook. Hermione and Griphook were injured—badly." Lucy let out a breath before dragging both of her hands through her hair. "Can I see Hermione?" "Fleur's in with her now," Bill said, nodding towards the stairs. "She's in the room that Ron was in over Christmas." Lucy said a short, "Thank you," before moving quickly across the room and up the stairs. The second door on the left, she told herself, pausing just outside it. Then she knocked quietly. The door eased open, and Fleur stood before Lucy. Fleur let out a whimper before winding her arms around Lucy's shoulders and hugging her. Lucy returned the woman's embrace, and then Fleur moved aside to let Lucy into the room. Lucy only took a couple of strides inside when what she saw made her stop short. Hermione was huddled on the bed, curled up on herself, as though trying to push herself into the smallest space she could contain—like she was trying to make herself disappear. Under the lamplight, Lucy could see that Hermione was battered, bruised, and bloody. "Hermione?" Lucy called gently. Hermione shuddered violently, not turning to Lucy. Lucy glanced quickly at Fleur, who looked very concerned. Lucy took a few cautious steps forward, going up to the edge of the bed. Then, tentatively, she reached down and touched Hermione's arm. Hermione started thrashing, and Lucy immediately sprung back. "What happened?" Lucy hissed in Fleur's direction. "I don't know," Fleur told her honestly. "She was unconscious when she arrived." Lucy turned back to her friend, not knowing what to do. "'Mione," she murmured. Hermione stilled, and Lucy was sure that it was because she had recognized the name that only her friends called her by. Hermione's head turned, and her wide, unseeing eyes met Lucy's gaze. "'Mione, it's Lucy," Lucy said. "It's all right. You're safe; you're free." Hermione blinked once, then twice, and Lucy encouraged, "You're free. You're not there anymore. You're safe at Shell Cottage. Harry and Ron are here, and they're safe, too." "Lu-Lucy?" Hermione asked, her voice hoarse—like she'd been screaming. "I'm here," Lucy said. "I'm here, and you're safe." Hermione's body seemed to loosen up at Lucy's words. She started to breathe a little easier, as well. "I hurt all over," she whispered. "Fleur's here to help you," Lucy said. "She's got some medicine for you, and then we can help you get cleaned off, all right?" Hermione jerkily nodded her head, her eyes darting around Lucy to look at Fleur. But she was slowly relaxing as she realized where she was and who was surrounding her. Fleur stepped up, saying very quietly to Lucy, "Thank you." She handed Hermione a glass with a potion in it. "For ze pain and soreness," Fleur explained. Hermione took the glass and drank it. Lucy and Fleur watched her for a few seconds until the potion kicked it. Hermione's eyelids drooped, and the relief in her expression was obvious to the other two. "C'mon, 'Mione," Lucy said, holding her hand out. "Let's get you cleaned off, okay?" Hermione accepted Lucy's hand and pulled herself to her feet. Lucy could see the scrapes and cuts all over Hermione's arms, face, and neck—some of them had bits of glass in them. Lucy and Fleur escorted Hermione across the hall into the bathroom, where they sat her on the edge of the bath. Fleur cast a numbing spell over Hermione's skin, so that she and Lucy could begin to pluck out the shards of glass. "Where's Ron?" Hermione asked in her rough voice. "He's outside with Harry," Lucy answered. "They were digging a—a hole." "A grave," Fleur corrected solemnly. "For zat brave 'ouse-elf who saved you." Lucy sagged. "Dobby—dead?" she asked. Fleur only nodded, and Lucy felt the tears spilling out of her eyes. After everything Dobby had done for her and the Muggleborns… It didn't take Lucy and Fleur long to get all the glass out of Hermione's injuries. Then they began to clean Hermione up, gently rubbing her arms, face, and neck to get all the blood off. Lucy found a particularly deep cut at Hermione's throat, but she didn't ask about it. Once Hermione was cleaned up, Lucy and Fleur escorted her back across the hall, and Fleur hurried to find Hermione a dressing gown. Soon, Hermione was redressed, and Lucy was holding what she had been wearing. Hermione extracted her sweater from the pile, but left the rest of the clothing in Lucy's arms. "Burn them," Hermione requested firmly. "Burn—your clothes?" Lucy repeated, wanting to make sure she'd heard her friend correctly. "Yes—burn them," Hermione said. "I never want to see them again." So, Lucy took the clothes downstairs and pitched them unceremoniously into the fireplace. ~LJ:TW~ The sky was beginning to lighten when Luna suggested that they all go outside to help Harry bury Dobby. Lucy, Luna, Hermione, Fleur, and Bill all slid their feet into shoes and donned coats before heading out into the garden. Harry, Ron, and Dean were just about to lower Dobby's body into the grave. Lucy's heart gave a lurch, and she bit her lip to stop herself from sobbing. "We should close his eyes," Luna suggested, alerting the boys to their presence. She bent down and gently pushed Dobby's eyelids shut. "There. Now he could be sleeping." Harry lowered the elf into the grave and then climbed out. They all stared down into the hole. Lucy reached over and grabbed her brother's hand, squeezing once—she knew how much Dobby had meant to Harry, and even though he was trying not to show his emotions, Lucy could read them all over his face. "I think we ought to say something," Luna said. "I'll go first, shall I?" Nobody protested, so she began, "Thank you so much, Dobby, for rescuing me from that cellar. It's so unfair that you had to die, when you were so good and brave. I'll always remember what you did for us. I hope you're happy now." Then Luna looked at Ron, who seemed startled for a second before saying, "Yeah… thanks, Dobby." "Thanks," Dean muttered. "Good-bye, Dobby," Harry said, clinging to his sister's hand for support. Bill then waved his wand, and the dirt that Harry had dug out was moved back to the hole, covering Dobby's body. They all stared at the small mound. "D'you mind if I stay here a moment?" Harry requested, but he refused to let go of Lucy's hand. Everyone else shuffled back towards the cottage after muttering their condolences to Harry. Lucy was the only one who stayed. After a moment of silence, Lucy murmured, "I can leave, too, if you'd like." Harry didn't speak, and he let go of her hand. He was looking around the garden for something. Then he picked up one of the stones that was lying on the ground and pushed it into the dirt above Dobby's grave. Pulling out his wand, he started to etch words into the stone. Lucy silently stood by his side, ready to be there if he needed her, but also ready to leave if he wanted her to. When he was finished, the words upon the stone read: Here Lies Dobby, A Free Elf. Harry stared at the stone for only a few more seconds before gesturing at Lucy to follow him back to the cottage. ~LJ:TW~ When Lucy and Harry entered the cottage, they saw everyone else was in the sitting room, listening to Bill speak. Harry paused in the doorway, and Lucy stood next to him. "—lucky that Ginny's on holiday," Bill was saying. "If she'd been at Hogwarts, they could have taken her before we reached her. Now we know she's safe, too." He glanced up and saw the Potter twins staring at him. "I've been getting them all out of the Burrow," he told them. "Moved them to Muriel's. Now the Death Eaters know Ron's with you, they're bound to target the family—don't apologize," Bill cut Harry off before he could even say anything. "It was always a matter of time—Dad's been saying so for months. We're the biggest blood-traitor family there is. It's a miracle we were able to stay out of hiding for this long." "How are they protected?" Harry asked. "Fidelius Charm," Bill answered. "Dad's Secret-Keeper. And we've done it on this cottage, too; I'm Secret-Keeper here. None of us can go to work, but that's hardly the most important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook are well enough, we'll move them to Muriel's, too. There isn't much room here, but she's got plenty. Griphook's legs are on the mend—Fleur's given him Skele-Gro; we could probably move them in an hour or—" "No," Harry stopped him. "I need both of them here. I need to talk to them. It's important." Everyone in the room was staring at him now, including Lucy, and he said, "I'm going to wash. Then I'll need to see them, straightaway." He moved away into the kitchen. "What's been going on?" Bill asked, turning to Ron and Hermione. "What does he need to talk to Ollivander and Griphook for?" Ron could only shrug. Bill shook his head and stood up, followed by Fleur. Lucy frowned, trailing after them, intending to tell them off if they were going to badger Harry about his intentions. Harry was standing at the sink in the kitchen, a towel in his hand. He looked at Bill and Fleur as they entered the room. "I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander." "No," Fleur said at once. "You will 'ave to wait, 'Arry. Zey are both ill, tired—" "I'm sorry, but it can't wait," Harry cut her off. "I need to talk to them now—today. Privately—and separately. It's urgent." "Harry, what the hell's going on?" Bill demanded. "You turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half-conscious goblin—Hermione looks as though she's been tortured—and Ron's just refused to tell me anything—" "We can't tell you what we're doing," Harry said. "You're in the Order, Bill. You know Dumbledore left us a mission. We're not supposed to talk about it to anyone else." Fleur looked like she might have a thing or two to say about that, but Bill gave her a small shake of his head. Then he said to Harry, "All right. Who do you want to talk to first?" "Lucy," Harry said, turning to look his sister dead in the eye. "I need to talk to Lucy—that should give you time to prepare the other two. And then—" He hesitated for only a moment. "—I want to talk to Griphook first." "You can talk to Lucy upstairs," Fleur offered. She glanced over her shoulder at Lucy and said, "Zat same room zat 'Ermione was in." "Lead the way," Harry said. "I need you two, as well!" he added, and Hermione and Ron appeared in the other doorway. Lucy obliged him, taking the lead on the stairs. They went down the hall and into the bedroom. Once Harry had shut the door, he turned to Lucy. "Why didn't you come with us?" he asked quietly, sounding as though he'd wanted the answer to that question for a long time. Lucy frowned, not realizing what an impact her staying behind had left on him. "I was going to come with you—I really was. I didn't plan for things to work out this way. But then, we were all there at the wedding, and the Death Eaters were coming, and I saw the three of you on the other side of the tent.… I wasn't going to make it to you in time, and it was more important that you got out." "I get that," Harry said shortly. "But when you saw Ron at Christmas—why didn't you come back with him?" "I told you, mate," Ron cut in. "She has a bunch of Muggleborns that she smuggled into Hogwarts—" "So?" Harry said, and Lucy could hear the strained rage building up in him. "What do you mean, so?" Lucy said swiftly, her anger rising a little, as well. "I needed to make myself useful. Don't you dare—don't you dare—stand there and act like I should have abandoned those kids just to join up with you—" "Oh, sorry, I didn't realize that hiding out with a bunch of Muggleborns was more important than hunting down fucking Horcruxes," Harry snapped sarcastically. "Shut the fuck up, Harry," Lucy snarled. "You don't know what I've been doing since you've been gone." "What have you been doing?" Harry sniped back. "I smuggled fifteen Muggleborn students into the Room of Requirement at Hogwarts," Lucy said. "I went with McGonagall and convinced many, many others—and their families—to go abroad to save themselves. I've been at Hogwarts, doing my best to support the other students that are there. I've been a regular correspondent on Potterwatch, trying to help keep the public informed about what's really going on with You-Know-Who. I helped kick some sense into Ron when he ran away." She sent a glare at Ron, who flushed. "So I might not be out there risking my neck to help find and destroy Horcruxes, but I am trying to keep the Muggleborns safe and out of Azkaban." Harry actually looked contrite when Lucy was finished. It was as though his anger at her had very quickly ebbed away. "I—I'm sorry," he said. "I'm sorry for assuming you were just hiding out until You-Know-Who was defeated." Lucy had to admit, it was weird to hear Harry not use Voldemort's name aloud. "It's all right," she said. "Like I said, I needed to do something besides sit on my ass all day. By the time I saw Ron at Christmas, I was far too invested to just leave them all behind." She sighed and then said, "Will you tell me what you've been up to? And what happened tonight?" The four of them sat down on the bed and chairs in the room, getting comfortable, before Harry, Ron, and Hermione began their tale. They told Lucy everything that they had been through, even the parts that Ron had already told her over Christmas: going into the Ministry to find the locket; Ron leaving; Harry and Hermione going to Godric's Hollow; Ron returning; the doe Patronus and finding the Sword of Gryffindor; their visit to Xenophilius Lovegood, Luna's father; hearing the Potterwatch broadcast; and then everything that had happened at Malfoy Manor, which included—to Lucy's horror—Hermione being tortured by Bellatrix Lestrange. By the end of their story, Lucy was in tears. She was so, so thankful that they were all alive and in one piece. "So," Harry began after the short silence, "I'm pretty sure I already know the answer to this, but do you want to come with us now?" "I have fifteen Muggleborns to look after," Lucy said, shaking her head sadly. "I can't abandon them now. Plus, Jeremy is going to have to go into hiding, too. Apparently, his father and his Death Eater buddies were going to capture Jeremy to try and get to me, so they could get to you." "They're getting a bit desperate, aren't they?" Harry commented, to which Lucy nodded. There was a knock on the door, and Bill poked his head inside the room. "Do you still want to talk to Griphook and Ollivander? Because they really should be getting some rest soon." "Yes," Harry said. "We're coming." He stood up and looked at Lucy expectantly. "If you three are all safe and okay, I think I'm going to head back to Hogwarts," she said. "I left in a hurry without explaining; they're going to be worried. But if you're going to be here for a while, I'll come back to visit." One by one, she hugged each of her friends hard. They had been able to see each other again, but it was only a small comfort; they still had a war to fight. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: According to the Harry Potter Wiki, Harry, Ron, and Hermione are captured and taken to Malfoy Manor in late March. However, we know that it is currently Easter break, because of what Bill tells them when they get to Shell Cottage (Ginny was home for the holiday), and Easter in 1998 was April 12th. Therefore, it is actually April. The idea of enchanted windows is inspired by the Hufflepuff common room, where there are enchanted windows, since their common room is actually underground (I think). I think it was important to show that Hermione was not okay after Malfoy Manor. I mean, she was tortured and then was unconscious, so waking up in an unknown place would have been very jarring. Lucy saying "You're safe; you're free" was inspired by A Court of Mist and Fury, when Mor saves Feyre. (If you have never read A Court of Thorns and Roses and its sequels, I HIGHLY recommend it.) I also think that internally, Harry is shocked at how much he depends on his sister. Hence why he's so angry with her when she refused to join them when Ron returned.
A/N: Fun fact: this is my absolute favorite chapter in this whole story. Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. Chapter 16 – Jellybean Lucy already knew, of course, but when Easter break ended and the Hogwarts term began again, Neville came to the Room of Requirement with the news. "Ginny's not here," he reported glumly. "Nor is Jeremy." "I'm here, Neville," Jeremy said, jogging into the sitting area from the bedrooms. "I've had to go into hiding temporarily." Neville did a double-take, confusion clear on his face for a moment. "What happened?" "Apparently, my father and the other Death Eaters were going to kidnap me off the train and use me as bait to lure Lucy out of hiding," Jeremy explained. They had attracted most of the Muggleborns around them, who were hanging onto Jeremy's every word as he went on, "Then they were going to capture Lucy to use her as bait to get to Harry." "How did you find out?" Colin piped up. "My mother sent me an owl," Jeremy replied with a shrug. He didn't seem willing to go into details, and nobody pushed him for more information. "Well, what about Ginny?" Neville asked. "All the Weasleys have had to go into hiding, because the Death Eaters know that Ron has been traveling with Harry," Lucy told them. "It's been all over the Prophet. But I think Fred and George are still operating their Owl-Order service from their Aunt Muriel's house, in case any of you need any Weasley's Wizard Wheezes products." She grinned at that, and the Muggleborns returned her smile. It was always good, Lucy had noticed, to try and get them to smile after receiving bad news. "I guess we'll just have to keep at it," Neville said with a shrug. "Dumbledore's Army will always be here to help protect the students. At least until Harry returns, of course." Lucy stared at him for a moment before asking, "Who says Harry is going to come back here?" "Come off it," Neville scoffed. "He'll come back and help us get rid of Snape and the Carrows eventually!" "I don't think he will," Lucy warned, noticing that a lot of the Muggleborns looked hopeful. "I've told you, he's on a secret mission from Dumbledore. If everything goes well, You-Know-Who will be defeated, and then I suppose Snape and the Carrows will be removed." "Then Harry will help us!" Colin Creevey piped up. "I mean, indirectly, sure," Lucy said, "but please—don't get your hopes up, okay? Because I really, really don't think that Harry is going to be coming back here any time soon." ~LJ:TW~ Lucy did indeed live up to her promise of visiting Harry, Ron, and Hermione at Shell Cottage. She usually visited every day at lunch time. During her time there, she had learned about the Deathly Hallows that Xenophilius Lovegood had told them about. Hermione thought they were just a story, while Harry was inclined to believe they really existed. Bill was quick to inform Lucy that they had been spending a lot of time shut up in the small bedroom with the goblin Griphook. But no matter how much Bill prodded, Lucy wouldn't give him any answers. "I don't even know myself," she eventually told him. "They've been quiet about it, and for good reason. If I'm captured any time soon, they won't be able to torture Harry's current plans out of me." Her matter-of-fact tone had silenced Bill for a while. There was another bonus that Lucy had found when visiting Harry, Ron, and Hermione. She had told them how Dobby had been helping her and the Muggleborns get food into the Room of Requirement, and Harry had made the suggestion that Kreacher help. "Kreacher?" Lucy repeated, wrinkling her nose. "Why would Kreacher want to help us?" Harry went over in detail about what had happened between the three of them and Kreacher when they were at Grimmauld Place. Apparently, Kreacher was a completely changed elf, and Harry even called him to Shell Cottage to request his assistance. "Since he's technically my elf, not a Hogwarts elf, he doesn't have to answer to Snape," Harry told Lucy. "Therefore, he shouldn't get in any kind of trouble—and you shouldn't be discovered—if he helps you." ~LJ:TW~ In the middle of April, things changed for the occupants of the Room of Requirement. Neville had appeared one day out of the blue, with his rucksack over his shoulder. "What's going on?" Lucy asked. "I need somewhere safe to hide," Neville answered. "Explain," Lucy demanded. "You know how the Death Eaters have been kidnapping kids to get their families to cooperate?" Neville prompted. "Yes," Lucy said with a frown. "Like Luna." "Yeah, like Luna," Neville said. "Well, it seems that the Carrows are sick of me trying to wreak havoc around the school, so they thought it could work the other way around. They sent someone over to my gran's house." Lucy gasped, putting her hand to her mouth. Although the woman could be quite harsh with her grandson, Lucy would always be grateful for Augusta Longbottom allowing her and the Muggleborns space at her house. "Oh, don't worry," Neville chuckled, a proud grin twisting on his face. "Dawlish was sent to St. Mungo's after his encounter, but unfortunately, my gran is now on the run." He reached into his robe pocket and pulled out a letter. "She wrote to tell me all about it, and she told me—she told me she was proud of me—and that I was my parents' son, and they would have been proud of me, too." Lucy smiled, her eyes watering a bit at the emotion on Neville's face and in his tone. She knew that he'd always wanted to please his grandmother—to make her proud—but Lucy knew that it was even more important to him that he honor his parents and their sacrifice. "So, what brings you here looking for somewhere to stay?" Lucy prompted. "Well, if they couldn't control me with Gran, I guess the Carrows decided to take matters into their own hands," Neville said with a shrug. "I'm not sure if they were just going to cart me off to Azkaban, or if they were actually planning on killing me—" Lucy gasped, but Neville went on, "—but they were definitely hunting me down. I knew this was the only place I could disappear to." "Oh, Neville," Lucy said. "You're definitely welcome to stay here with us. Only—well, we don't have any extra bedrooms. I'm not sure what you'd want to do about that." "That's all right," Neville said. "I'll just kip on one of the sofas." Lucy frowned. "I'm sure we can find you something," she insisted. "Or the room could produce something for you—" Almost as though the Room of Requirement was listening to their conversation, the corner of the room next to the fireplace seemed to grow. Then a hammock appeared, decked out with Gryffindor blankets. Lucy and Neville stared at it for a moment before looking back at each other. "I guess that solves that problem," Neville said with a grin. "That's definitely a good thing," Lucy agreed. "I have a feeling that if the Carrows are going to start coming down harder on Dumbledore's Army—and any other rebels out there—we may have more students showing up, looking for a place to hide." ~LJ:TW~ Over the next week, Lucy's statement proved to be correct. The rest of Dumbledore's Army moved into the Room of Requirement, especially after Seamus Finnigan was beaten quite brutally by the Carrows. Every time a new student showed up, a hammock would appear with blankets decorated with their house colors. With sixteen original Dumbledore's Army members—not counting any who had been Muggleborn—and a handful of students who had joined Neville's cause just in the past year, there were over twenty hammocks hanging in one corner of the room. Them plus the fifteen Muggleborns, Lucy, and Jeremy proved to be quite a crowd of people. The room had expanded wonderfully, and Kreacher was kept quite busy, bringing them their meals and helping to keep the place tidy. Lucy had needed to see Kreacher's change of heart to believe it. She sometimes still expected him to be the grumpy old house-elf that had essentially sent Sirius to his death. But if Harry could forgive him, so could Lucy. When Kreacher had started bringing them food, Lucy had had to explain to the Muggleborns that Dobby had been killed while helping Harry. The Muggleborns had thrown a small memorial in Dobby's honor; they were all grateful for the house-elf's help during their time in the Room of Requirement. ~LJ:TW~ It was nearing the end of April when Lucy was once again interrupted with a Patronus arriving for her. It took the form of a wolf—Remus's Patronus. "Dora has gone into labor. Jellybean is on their way." A great swell of happiness grew in Lucy's chest. She took one look at Jeremy, who was smiling knowingly. "Go on," he said. Lucy reached over and kissed him hard on the mouth before jumping up and running to the fireplace. She could feel the eyes of everyone following her across the room, but she didn't stop to explain to them what was happening—Jeremy would take care of it for her. She sprinted down the passageway to the Hog's Head. Jumping out of the tunnel and into the room, she made sure that Arianna's portrait shut behind her before turning on the spot. ~LJ:TW~ The woods surrounding the cabin came into view as Lucy appeared. She hurried forward to the house and burst inside, only to find a wand pointing at her face. "It's me; I got your message!" Lucy cried urgently. Remus studied her for only a heartbeat longer before lowering his wand. He was pale and shaky, his hair sticking out at funny angles, as though he'd been gripping it in both hands. Lucy heard a low, agonized moan come from his and Tonks's bedroom. "Is everything all right?" Lucy asked. "Yes, yes, everything is fine." A witch strode out of the bedroom, whom Lucy vaguely recognized as one of the members of the Order of the Phoenix. "She's just experiencing regular labor pains. She said she wanted to feel it, at least for a little while, to appreciate what women everywhere have to go through." Lucy stared at the witch for a moment longer before glancing at Remus, one of her eyebrows cocked at him in question. "Lucy, this is Emmeline Vance," Remus introduced. "Emmeline, this is Lucy Jones." Emmeline walked forward, offering her hand to Lucy, and Lucy shook it. "Good to meet you," Emmeline said. "I've seen you around the Order meetings, and I knew your parents, of course. I shared a dormitory with Lily." "Oh," Lucy said, startled. She didn't realize that any of her parents' friends—save for Remus, of course—were still alive. "Yes," Emmeline went on. "We weren't overly close, but we were all friends at some point." "We?" Lucy echoed. "Yes," Emmeline repeated. She looked and Remus and asked, "How much have you told her about our little gang?" Remus frowned. "I never really found a good time to mention it." "I suppose not," Emmeline said. "Not since nobody knew that Lucy even existed until a few years ago—except you and Sirius." "Marlene knew, too," Remus murmured. "Well, of course she did," Emmeline said with a roll of her eyes. "She always knew everything, that girl. There's a reason why she and James were best friends as children; practically the same person, they were. You know, a part of me always wondered if they would ever grow to be more than friends, but obviously not." Lucy watched Remus and Emmeline interact, craving the information that they were sharing with her. She wanted so badly to know more about her parents—and it was something that she could share with Harry later. "Besides, wasn't Marlene named their godmother?" Emmeline added, and Lucy blinked in shock. "Yes," Remus said, but before he could go on, there was another pained groan from the next room. Andromeda stuck her head through the door. "Emmeline, could you please come in and check on my daughter again?" she requested in a strained voice. "Right away," Emmeline answered, turning and swiftly walking back to the bedroom. Lucy turned to her uncle. "I had a godmother?" she questioned. "Yes," Remus repeated. "Marlene McKinnon was your father's best friend when they were children, and your mother's best friend while they were at Hogwarts. She was the girlfriend of Sirius's that I told you about last summer." Lucy bit her lip. "You said that she and her whole family were killed." "Yes," Remus said sadly. "Well, nearly her whole family. I believe her older sister's husband and daughter were out of the country when it happened, but I don't think they ever came back—too many painful memories." Lucy nodded, feeling sad about what Remus and all his friends had to go through during the first war. "So, you had a whole gang at Hogwarts?" she asked, changing the subject slightly. "I always thought it was just the four of you Marauders." "We were always very close," Remus said, "but yes, we did have a larger group of friends. Nearly all of us joined the Order of the Phoenix at the end of our last year of school, and nearly all of us are—" He stopped abruptly, and Lucy knew that he didn't have to finish his sentence. He sighed and added in a whisper, "Peter—Wormtail—we've just gotten the news that he was found dead at Malfoy Manor. I'm—I'm the only one left." Lucy's heart broke. Even with Wormtail's despicable betrayal of her parents, she knew that Remus would still mourn his death—still mourn the fact that he was the last of his best friends still alive. It was even more horrific when Lucy realized that he was only in his mid-thirties. Emmeline exited the bedroom again, announcing, "Well, she's making progress slowly. Says she still wants to be feeling the pain. I'd say we have a little while longer to go." "Are you a Healer?" Lucy asked curiously. Emmeline snorted. "Not exactly, although I did have some informal training when I was younger. My mother was a midwife, and I have seen quite a few births from when I was helping her." She settled down in one of the armchairs, which prompted Lucy and Remus to sit on the couch. "Can you tell me more about how you knew my mom and dad?" Lucy requested softly. Emmeline smiled kindly at her. "There were five of us girls sorted into Gryffindor in our year. Myself, Marlene, Mary, Alice, and Lily. And then there were the boys, of course—James, Sirius, Remus, Peter, Frank, Fabian, and Gideon. We stuck together throughout our years at Hogwarts—experienced happiness and heartbreak together—especially heartbreak towards the end.…" Emmeline stared into the fire, her eyes becoming a bit glassy. "After the war, we—those of us remaining—split apart to live our own lives," Remus spoke up for Emmeline when he, too, noticed that she was having difficulties voicing the story. "Fabian and Gideon had been hunted down and murdered by Death Eaters—Marlene and her whole family had been killed—Alice and Frank had been tortured into insanity—James and Lily were dead—Sirius was imprisoned for killing Peter—although, as you know, we found out later that was a lie—that only left myself, Mary, and Emmeline." "Mary got married and had a family," Emmeline said, "while Remus and I went to deal with our grief in our own ways." "Alice and Frank…" Lucy muttered. The names seemed familiar to her. "Neville's parents," Remus told her softly. "I met her once—Alice," Lucy whispered, the memory coming back to her. "When Mr. Weasley had been bitten by the snake, and we were all at St. Mungo's visiting him.… Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and I ran into Lockhart, and he's in the same ward as Neville's parents. She—Alice—she gave Neville a candy wrapper.…" Tears gathered in her eyes as she thought about her friend and his parents. Then she asked, "And Fabian and Gideon?" "Molly Weasley's younger brothers," Remus answered. "They were twins. Fred and George are named both after them and in their honor—Fred Gideon and George Fabian." There was a screech from the other room, reminding Lucy, Remus, and Emmeline what they were there for. Emmeline jumped up and ran into the bedroom, while Remus stared at the doorway with unseeing eyes. His hands went into his hair again, gripping it tightly. Lucy leaned over and tugged his hands away. "You're going to rip your hair out," she scolded him. "Everything is going to be fine. Women have babies all the time, and Tonks is plenty strong enough to make it through this." "I know," Remus said, his voice a bit hoarse. "It's just—it's hard to listen to the person you love most in this world going through pain." "I know," Lucy murmured, patting her uncle on the shoulder. "I know." ~LJ:TW~ It took another few hours, but soon Tonks was screaming in agony. Remus was pacing the sitting room, and Lucy didn't attempt to calm him down. She could hear Emmeline inside the bedroom, trying to reason with Tonks to let her give her some pain relief. "NO!" Tonks shouted. "I want to feel this! Don't try and take this away from me!" Remus stopped his pacing, half-turned towards the bedroom door as though he was going to burst inside to give either Emmeline or Tonks a piece of his mind; Lucy really wasn't sure which. Lucy jumped up and grabbed his wrist to stop him. After a few more minutes of argument, Emmeline came out into the sitting room. "She's ready to start pushing," she reported. "She wants you in here, Remus. C'mon." Lucy had never seen Remus look so frightened. She gave him a little shove towards the bedroom, and he obediently went inside. Emmeline smiled at Lucy before disappearing behind him. ~LJ:TW~ Another forty minutes later, there was silence except for the crying of a newborn baby. Lucy lifted her head, happy tears coming to her eyes. Tonks had done it; there was a brand new life in the world. Lucy spent the next hour in the sitting room, waiting impatiently to meet the child. Giving the new parents time to bond with their baby proved tougher than Lucy thought it would be, but she waited nonetheless. Emmeline joined her shortly after the birth was finished, grinning at the excited look on Lucy's face. Finally, the bedroom door opened, and Andromeda stuck her head out. She grinned at Lucy and beckoned her into the room. Lucy immediately stood and went inside. Tonks and Remus were lying on the bed together, a bundled form cradled in Tonks's arms. Remus looked up as Lucy entered the room. He looked younger than Lucy had ever seen him, the radiance in his expression so powerful, and his eyes shining with such joy. "I have a son," he croaked. "I have a son." Tonks tore her gaze away from her son to beam at Lucy. "Come see him," she said. "He's perfect." Lucy obeyed, moving over to the bed. Tonks angled her son away from her a bit so that Lucy could get a good look at the boy. He was so small, still fussing a bit as little squeaks came out of him. "What's his name?" Lucy asked quietly. "Edward Remus Lupin," Tonks replied promptly. "My little Teddy." Lucy nodded, not at all surprised that Tonks was naming her son after her father and Remus. She reached out with a finger and touched Teddy's little fist. "Hi, Teddy," she whispered. "We've discussed it, and Dora and I agree," Remus began. "Lucy, would you be Teddy's godmother?" Lucy's eyes snapped over to his face. "Remus—Tonks—are you sure?" she asked, and they both nodded. "I—I am so incredibly honored.… Of course I will be his godmother." "We're going to ask Harry to be godfather whenever we see him again," Tonks said. "Harry's at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur," Lucy said, to the surprise of everyone in the room. "You didn't know?" she added. "We haven't had very much communication with the Weasleys, especially since they've gone into hiding," Remus said. "Bill gave me their address in case of an emergency, but other than that, we've heard nothing." "You'll have to go to Shell Cottage and tell them the news, Remus," Tonks said, returning her gaze back to her son. "Teddy and I are going to try and get some rest." "Dora—" "I'll be here with her, Remus," Andromeda said gently. "Emmeline is still here, too. Everything will be just fine here. Go—tell them the news." Remus placed a kiss on his son's head before sweetly kissing his wife. "Thank you," he murmured to her. "I am so proud of you, and I love you so much." "I love you, too," Tonks said. Remus stood from the bed and turned to Lucy. "Would you like to accompany me to Shell Cottage?" "All right," Lucy agreed. The two of them said good-bye to Andromeda and Emmeline before exiting the cabin. They walked past the edge of the protective enchantments, and then Remus took Lucy's hand. He spun on his heel, and they Disapparated. ~LJ:TW~ The sea was lapping against the shore when they appeared at Shell Cottage. There was a howling wind blowing through their hair. Lucy hurried to keep up with Remus, who was so excited that he seemed like he was about to jump out of his skin. When they reached the front door, Remus raised his fist and pounded on it. Lucy grabbed his hand. "Remus, you're going to scare the shit out of them!" she scolded. "Who is it?" Bill called from inside the house. "It is I, Remus John Lupin!" Remus shouted. "I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonks, and you—the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage—told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!" "Seriously, you're going to freak them out," Lucy said. Then the door was wrenched open, and Remus stumbled through into the house. Lucy followed, shaking her head at him. "It's a boy!" Remus announced. "We've named him Ted, after Dora's father." "Wha—?" Hermione squealed; she and the others were sitting around the dinner table. "Tonks—Tonks has had the baby?" "Yes, yes, she's had the baby!" Remus replied gleefully. "Congratulations!" Hermione and Fleur said. "Blimey, a baby," Ron gasped. "Yes—yes—a boy," Remus repeated. Then he walked over to the table and pulled Harry into a hug. "You'll be godfather?" "M-me?" Harry said, clearly startled. "You, yes, of course," Remus said. "And Lucy is godmother. Dora quite agrees—no one better—" "I—yeah—blimey—" Harry stuttered. "That's how I felt, too," Lucy giggled. "I can't stay long," Remus said to the room at large. "I must get back." "Stay for just a few more minutes," Bill said, rushing to the cupboard and pulling out a bottle of wine. "Let's have a toast for little Ted before you go." "All right, all right," Remus conceded. "Thank you—thank you, Bill." Bill poured everyone a glass of wine, and they each held up their goblet. "To Teddy Remus Lupin, a great wizard in the making!" Lucy announced for her uncle, who beamed at her before taking a drink from his glass. "'Oo does 'e look like?" Fleur asked after they'd all drank their toast. "I think he looks like Dora, but she thinks he's like me," Remus answered. "Not much hair. It looked black when he was born, but I swear it's turned ginger in the hour since. Probably be blond by the time I get back. Andromeda says Tonks's hair started changing color the day that she was born." "I think he looks like both of you," Lucy supplied, sipping the wine from her glass. Remus had finished the wine in his goblet, and Bill gestured with the bottle. "Oh, go on then. Just one more," Remus agreed. Just one more turned into them all finishing the first bottle of wine and opening a second. There was talk and laughter, as though they'd all forgotten they were in the middle of a war. They discussed whether they thought that Teddy would be a Metamorphmagus like his mother, and which house he'd be sorted into when he finally went to Hogwarts. Eventually, Remus got to his feet and said, "No, no, I really must get back. Good-bye, good-bye—I'll try and bring some pictures in a few days' time—they'll all be so glad to know that I've seen you—" Lucy and Remus went around the room, saying their farewells. "Be safe," Lucy murmured in Harry's ear when she hugged him good-bye. She always said this to him, since she never knew when he, Hermione, and Ron would be leaving again. When they were finished, Lucy followed Remus out into the wind again. Remus held out his hand, and Lucy took it. Remus spun, plunging them into that all-familiar darkness of Apparition. ~LJ:TW~ A/N: First of all, the pure joy that Neville feels after his grandmother tells him she's proud of him and that he's his parents' son is one of my favorite things. Secondly, I'm not sure how many people were living in the Room of Requirement in the actual book versus how many people spent time in the room but still went to classes and stuff. I've simplified it by saying that everyone who escaped to the room stopped going to classes and whatnot. I am actually really proud of the second half of this chapter. Something important to note: Emmeline Vance is an actual character in the Harry Potter universe, but I believe she's supposed to be dead by this point. But I needed her, soooo she's alive! The history of the Marauder's and Co is heavily inspired by a Marauder fanfiction called An Unexpected Attraction by thegingerhairedlass. It is probably the best Harry Potter fanfiction I have ever read. It's 101 chapters, but so so SO worth it, especially if you enjoy Marauder era fics. Last I checked, it's not marked as Complete, but I'm 99% sure it's finished.
