Leo Black is back at Hogwarts for another year, a bit different than who he had been when he started his first year. But more prepared than ever to face the onslaught of challenges that would soon come his way. As he navigates through dangers more deadly than he has ever faced before, Leo must come to terms with everything he did at the end of his first year, a feat that may prove impossible, even for him. Sequel to 'Lionheart'. Alt title: Chronicles of the Stars: The Spider, The Fraud, and The Chamber Chapter 1: Panic Things are so much worse now. Siri got in a lot of trouble for getting sorted into Gryffindor and for not attending the Christmas Ball. I told the truth. It was my fault that he hadn't come. I'd forced him not to. I told the hat to put him in Gryffindor. I got a taste of what that Muggle woman experienced. I would never wish it on anyone. The sun rose steadily over the streets of London, falling over the shabby, run-down houses of Grimmauld Place. It fell over the large, empty lot between numbers eleven and thirteen, flooding the windows of the invisible house that stood there. In one of the rooms on the upper floors stood a boy in front of a covered mirror. The boy took a breath, reaching a hand out to pull the cover off before retracting it abruptly and turning away, readjusting the sleeves on his robes. This was Leo Castor Black, and he was a wizard. He was blonde, with striking blue-grey eyes and broad shoulders. At the moment, he wore a black, crisp, three-piece suit with a fancy-dress robe to match. He had found the outfit in the bottom his Uncle Sirius's closet, and had been pleasantly surprised to find that they had similar builds, the robes fitting him perfectly. On the middle finger of his left hand rested an ornate silver ring embossed with his family's crest. On his right forearm, hidden beneath his robes, was a wand holster that he had bought the previous day, thinking it would be a sound investment. He gave an experimental flick of his wrist, and a dark red wand slid into his hand. He gave it a small twirl before flattening his hand, allowing the wand to retract back into its holster. He readjusted his tie before exiting his father's old room and walking down the stairs to the foyer. There stood a small, wrinkly old creature dressed in naught but a loincloth. This was Kreacher, Leo's house-elf. Or, well, he belonged to his family which by extension meant he belonged to him. Kreacher held out the crook of his arm and Leo took it. At once, the room spun and felt as though they were being sucked through a small pipe. A moment later, they arrived in an empty storage room, where Leo released his arm and Kreacher vanished with a small 'crack'. Leo exited the room, stepping into the Leaky Cauldron – a tavern that guarded the entrance to Diagon Alley, the wizarding shopping district. Leo looked around before spotting who he was looking for and walking over, his face impassive. "Good morning, Mr. Black," Dumbledore greeted him with a small incline of his head. "I trust you are doing well?" "Better than Harry, I imagine," Leo replied in a bitter tone. Leo's cousin, Harry, had been stuck at the Dursleys for the past two weeks, much to Leo's ever-growing irritation. He had visited him a few times and was pleased to find that, at the very least, Harry had his very own room that was not a cupboard. Granted, it was still quite small, but it was better than nothing. "This is the deal you made, Mr. Black," Dumbledore reminded him before holding out his arm. "There's no time for second thoughts." "I know," Leo replied, grabbing his arm. They spun on the spot, twisting through the 'magical pipeline', as Leo liked to call it and arriving on the shoreline of a very large body of water. A single boat was there, barely large enough for two people. Leo immediately released his arm and walked over to it, facing forward on the boat. Dumbledore followed him, sitting directly across from him and taking out his wand. Leo tensed. Dumbledore tapped the side of the boat with the wand tip. It began moving forward. "You did quite well for your first time Side-Along Apparating, Mr. Black," Dumbledore commented, peering at him over his half-moon spectacles. "That was your first time Apparating, was it not?" "I've experienced worse than being sucked through a pipe...sir," Leo replied in a short tone. "Have you discussed what happened under the trap door with anyone?" "No, and I'm starting to regret telling you about it," Leo responded. "I'd prefer if we didn't talk for the remainder of the trip, sir." Dumbledore acquiesced to his request and remained silent, observing him all the while. Eventually, they reached the rocky shore of a small island, where only a very tall, very large building stood, cloaked black figures swirling around it. As they reached the rocky shore, a man stood there, waiting for them. He had rumpled grey hair and an anxious expression, and was wearing a strange mixture of clothes: a pinstriped suit, a scarlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm, he carried a lime-green bowler hat. If anyone needs fashion advice, it's him. Leo thought dryly. "Cornelius, this is Mr. Leo Black," Dumbledore informed the man as the duo stepped out of the boat. "Mr. Black, this is Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic." Leo stuck out his hand. "Pleasure to meet you," he said in a polite tone. "Yes, quite," Fudge replied, shaking Leo's hand. "I hope you understand that this is most irregular, Mr. Black. If word of this were to reach the public -" "It won't," Leo interrupted him, much to the Minister's surprise. "I'd be crucified just as badly as you would." "Yes, well, very good then," Fudge stammered. He led the way toward the large building, Leo following close behind with Dumbledore in the rear. They walked through the front door and Leo instantly felt a chill surround him as the cloaked figures he had seen in the sky floated through the halls of the building. Their heads followed Leo as he walked, but Leo ignored them and the distant screams he heard and pressed on. Fudge led them to a door and opened it, allowing Leo to walk in. The room was empty and bare, with only two chairs in it. One of them was covered in chains. Leo sat in the other chair, crossing his left leg over his knee and taking a deep, calming breath. He then waved a hand and Fudge nodded, waving his hand outside the door. Two men walked through it, dragging a third between them. A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to his elbows. If eyes hadn't been shining out of the deep, dark sockets, he might have been a corpse. The waxy skin was stretched so tightly over the bones of his face, it looked like a skull. It was Sirius Black. Sirius' eyes glimmered in surprise as he spotted Leo sitting in the room. "Leo?" he croaked. "Uncle Sirius," Leo inclined his head. "I'd hug you, but -" "I'm a criminal," Sirius grimaced. "I was going to say 'you smell funny', but that works too." Sirius let out a bark-like laugh at this. The corners of Leo's mouth twitched upward as he felt mild amusement for the first time in weeks. Leo made a gesture with his hand and the two guards deposited Sirius in the other chair. Chains shot up, wrapping themselves firmly around him and preventing him from moving. Leo made another gesture with his hand and everyone left, leaving them alone. "What are you doing here?" Sirius questioned. "I'd have thought that would be obvious," Leo rolled his eyes. "I'm here to visit you, ya knobhead." "Yes, but – how?" "I took a boat." "You know what I mean." Leo was silent for a moment before saying, "I made a deal with Dumbledore. I don't kidnap Harry before our birthday in exchange for an unmonitored talk with you." "And Dumbledore agreed to that?" Sirius asked incredulously. "I didn't give him much choice in the matter," Leo shrugged. "So, where've you been living, if not with Harry?" Sirius questioned. Leo merely lifted his left hand, showing off his ring as he moved his bangs out of his face. "I see... for how long?" "Since last summer. Week from today, actually," Leo replied, scratching his chin in thought. Sirius gave another bark-like laugh. "Running away from home at the tender age of ten? The hat certainly put you in the right house!" Sirius grinned broadly at him. Leo looked down at his hands, fidgeting with them nervously. "Yeah... bang-up job..." Sirius frowned at this. "Leo, look at me." Leo lifted his head, and Sirius scrutinized him, really looking at him for the first time. Shadows hung under his eyes from many nights of no sleep. A tense, wary expression was etched into his normally jovial face. His eyes were no longer warm and welcoming, but haunted and very, very tired. "What happened?" he whispered. Leo looked away, not wanting to talk about it. "You saw someone die, didn't you?" Leo's head jerked up and he stared at Sirius incredulously. "How -?" "I recognize the look," Sirius replied, trying to lean back in his chair but unable to. "Cas wore it when he came back to Hogwarts after Christmas Holiday in our first year. He saw a Muggle woman get tortured and killed, and it haunted him for years to come. The sporadic Cruciatus Curses he got at home didn't help matters." Leo's hands clenched. His mind was pulled back to that night beneath the trap door. The chessboard. The flaming door. The mirror room. The pain, the unbearable agony that had consumed him. It was too much. The pain wouldn't stop. It would never stop. He could never escape - "Leo! Leo! Look at me!" Sirius commanded. Leo looked at him, hands trembling as he struggled to breathe. "I need you to inhale for me – that's it, take a nice, deep breath," Sirius instructed in a surprisingly calm tone. "Now, hold it for a moment and then slowly release it – there you go. Again. In. Hold. And out." Sirius repeated this mantra over and over again until Leo felt he could breathe on his own. He looked down at his hands. They had stopped most of their trembling. He looked back at Sirius, relief and gratefulness showing in eyes in equal measure. "How did you know how to do that?" he finally asked. "Cas had panic attacks all the time up until our third year. They became less frequent after a nasty run-in with a few dementors in Hogsmeade," Sirius shrugged. He was silent for a moment, pursing his lips in thought. "I won't ask you what happened or what you saw – you're clearly not ready to talk about it. But, when you are, I want you to know you can always talk to me, kiddo." "Thanks, Uncle Siri," Leo replied, giving him a watery smile. As Leo entered his room later that night, Apollo – his barn owl – gave a greeting 'hoot' before flying down to perch on his shoulder. Leo rubbed the side of his head tiredly before watching as he took off out the open window above his bed. He walked over to his bed, picking up the three letters that rested there. One was an invitation from the Weasleys to stay over for the month of August. The second was an invite to a party at the Malfoy's manor in Wiltshire next weekend. The last was a letter from Sirius. Leo had read it many times and now had it memorized: Leo, Relax. Take a breath, kiddo. You chased off a very powerful wizard – and that's no small feat! Facing Voldemort is scary, I know. Knowing that he's after you is even more terrifying. It's alright to be afraid, I get scared all the time. Your letter terrified me more than I can even describe. You're a brave kid, Leo. Being afraid doesn't change that. I'm always here if you need me. Love, Uncle Siri A/N: Apologies for not posting this past Friday. I've been really stressed with work and I've had a migraine all weekend.
Chapter 2: Den of Serpents I've taken to jogging now. I can't sleep, so I run a few blocks around the neighborhood in the wee hours of the morning and return home before anyone wakes up. It doesn't help much – but it's something I can do, something I can control. I need that. "Try to run away again, Black, and I'll keep you under much longer." Leo turned over with a groan. "You and I both know what you are, boy. Now, open the door unless you want to experience the Cruciatus Curse the same way the Longbottoms did." Another groan as he turned to the other side, panting heavily. "You don't have it in you, boy!" Quirrell snarled. "That's where you're wrong," Leo corrected him, tightening his grip on his wand. "Incendio Tria." Blue flames shot forth from his wand, engulfing Quirrell as he screamed in agony. Leo shot up in his bed, body dripping with sweat as he panted heavily. He ran a hand over his face before yanking the covers off of himself and swinging his legs off the bed. He grabbed his wand off his nightstand, muttering the Wand Lighting Charm before exiting his room and going down the stairs. He made his way to the second floor, opening up a pair of double doors and tapping the wall with his wand as he strode into the room. The gas lamps ignited, revealing a room full of various equipment. There were a few practice dummies standing in the middle of the room for him to practice magic on. A punching bag hung in each of the room's four corners and a set of weights stood off to the side of the room. In one corner of the room sat several broken mirrors, some streaked with red and permanently stained. Leo walked toward the training dummies and raised his wand before firing off a Knockback Jinx. He quickly followed it up with a Severing Charm and a few Incendios for good measure. He tried out a few second-year spells – the Tickling Charm, the Disarming Charm, etc. - and even tried out a more advanced spell called Depulso. That one turned out to be one of his favorites, owing to the fact that it sent people and objects flying away from him and left him some breathing room. After about an hour of firing off spells, Leo was bent over, hands on his knees, sweating profusely and panting. He used the sleeve of his shirt to wipe his forehead before standing upright, turning around, and exiting the room. He headed back upstairs, collected some clothes from his room, and headed off to the bathroom to shower. Once he was cleaned and changed, he put his dirty clothes in the laundry bin located in the bathroom and headed down toward the kitchen. There, Kreacher was busy setting out a plate of scrambled eggs and some toast before running over and grabbing the whistling tea kettle from the stove. As Leo sat down, Kreacher poured him a cup of tea before bustling around and cleaning up the kitchen. "Kreacher has picked up Master Leo's dress robes from the shop. Kreacher has put them in the drawing room," the house-elf bowed. "Thanks, Kreacher," Leo replied, sipping his tea. Kreacher bowed again before finishing up with the kitchen and disappearing with a loud 'crack!' Leo looked up at the large clock in the kitchen, which informed him that it was six in the morning. Malfoy's party doesn't start until two, so I've still got plenty of time. Leo finished up his breakfast quickly before going upstairs and getting started on the summer assignments he had been putting off. It was ten by the time he finished, and he had run out of things to do. He set about finding menial tasks to complete. He dusted his room/his father's old room since Castor Black had put up wards that prevented unauthorized people and creatures from entering. Kreacher, apparently, hadn't made the cut. He perused old letters written to his father again and flipped through old journal entries from before his second year. When one rolled around, he proceeded to get dressed and ready to head out, making sure his holster and wand were securely fastened and mentally running over a list of spells he may need. He was a lion walking into a den of serpents, after all. At ten to two, he had Kreacher Apparate him and they landed in a country lane. A pair of wrought-iron gates lay at the foot of what looked like a long drive. Leo shook the bars as Kreacher disappeared, whipping his hands away quickly as he felt movement. The iron was contorting, twisting itself out of the abstract furls and coils into a frightening face, which spoke in a clanging, echoing voice: "State your purpose!" "Leo Black. Here for the party," Leo stated in a bored tone. The gates swung open. Leo made his way through the gates and up the drive, between high hedges that muffled his footsteps. He saw a ghostly white shape above him and realized it was an albino peacock. A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the diamond-paned downstairs windows. Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge, a fountain was playing. Gravel crackled beneath his feet as Leo languidly walked toward the front door, which swung inward at his approach, though nobody had visibly opened it. The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. There, standing in the middle of the hallway was a man with a pale, pointed face, pale blond hair, and cold grey eyes. He held a walking stick with a snake head that made Leo feel as though he should be wary of whatever this man was capable of. "Ah, you must be the infamous Leo Black," the man drawled, striding towards him. "Draco has told me so much about you. He seems to hold a sort of... admiration for you, in fact." "Yeah, I have that effect on people," Leo shrugged, growing tenser as the man grew closer. "I'm assuming you're his father? Lucius, right?" "Indeed, I am," Lucius inclined his head, stopping mere feet from him. "What do you think of the manor? Rather more... elegant than you are used to, I imagine." "The albino peacocks are a bit much," Leo replied in a dry tone, prepared to whip out his wand at any second. Lucius seemed amused by this. "If you continue down the hall and take the first set of double doors on your right, you will find the rest of your schoolmates, Black. We shall talk later." Lucius then gave another incline of his head before turning around and walking away, his long hair flowing behind him. That is, without a doubt, the most effeminate man I have ever met. Leo decided before making his way down the hall, stopping at the first set of doors on his right. He took a deep breath before opening them. There stood all the Slytherins from his year, as well as some from the upper years that he hadn't really talked to. Draco was the first to approach him. "I didn't think you'd come, Black," Draco commented in a soft voice. "Wanted to make sure you were alright, Draco," Leo shrugged, his lips twitching upward slightly at Draco's confused look. "Why wouldn't I be?" the pale blonde inquired. "You're not exactly the same person you were when you left home after Christmas holidays. Your father doesn't seem like the type of person who would tolerate and support that." Draco inclined his head in agreement as Blaise Zabini strode up. "Didn't realize they were allowing riffraff like you in now, Black," Zabini sneered, looking Leo over. "Well, hey, if they'll let you in, they'll let anyone in...er..." Leo frowned and pretended to think. "Well, now this is awkward. I have no idea who you are. Guess you're just that forgettable." Zabini's face turned dark as the Slytherins around him snickered. Zabini's hand reached for the pocket of his robes, and Leo instinctively flicked his wrist, pointing his wand at Zabini's throat. The room went quiet. Zabini's throat bobbed as he stared down at Leo's wand, his hand still hovering near his robes. "You don't have it in you, Black," Zabini tried to bluff. "You don't have it in you, boy!" Leo's grip tightened as his eyes narrowed, the color reminiscent of ice. "Trust me. I have it in me," Leo replied, swinging his left fist into Zabini's face and knocking him to the ground. "You're just not worth it." Leo then turned and walked away with a dramatic flourish of his robes, feeling as though he might not be welcome at the Malfoy house after punching out one of their guests. Draco grabbed his arm before he left, meeting his gaze silently before releasing him and allowing him to continue on his way. He made his way out the hall, down the driveway, and out the gates, where he briefly debated calling for Kreacher to take him home. Deciding that he didn't quite want to return to the doom and gloom of Grimmauld quite yet, Leo threw out his right arm, which was still clutching his wand. There was a deafening BANG and, a second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and headlights screeched to a halt right in front of Leo. They belonged to a triple-decker, violently purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. Gold lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus. A conductor in a purple uniform leaped out of the bus and began to speak loudly, "Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard just stick out your wand hand, step on board, and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor this afternoon -" "How much to get to London?" Leo cut him off. Stan was startled by his abruptness but responded anyway with, "Eleven Sickles, but for firteen you get 'ot chocolate, and for fifteen -" Leo reached into his pocket and handed him a single Galleon. "Keep the change," Leo told him, jumping onto the bus. The inside was crammed with an assortment of mismatched chairs grouped haphazardly around windows. Some of these appeared to have fallen over when the bus stopped abruptly in front of Malfoy Manor; a few witches and wizards were still getting to their feet, grumbling. Leo took his seat as Stan boarded the bus. With another loud BANG it took off, and Leo had to grab onto a candle bracket to keep from falling over. "Right then, Mr...?" Stan trailed off, waiting for Leo to fill in his name. "Evans." Leo had decided not too long ago to use a different last name when out in the Wizarding World. 'Black' drew too much attention, prompting him to use his mother's maiden name instead. "Right, Mr. Evans," Stan clapped his hands. "Whereabouts in London?" "Leaky Cauldron." "Righto," said Stan. "'Old tight, then." BANG. They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. Leo sat up and watched buildings and benches squeezing themselves out of the Knight Bus's way. The driver suddenly slammed on the brakes and the Knight Bus skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby-looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron. "Thanks," Leo said before he jumped down the steps. He walked away from the bus toward the building, returning his wand to his holster and loosening the tie around his neck in one fluid motion. He entered the pub and strode toward the bar, where Tom, a wizened, toothless wizard worked. "Mr. Evans," Tom bowed his head. "The usual I presume?" "Yeah, and keep 'em coming, Tom. Its been one of those days," Leo sighed, slapping a few Galleons on the bar and walking over to an empty table off in the corner. Not long after he sat down, Tom brought over what would be the first of many butterbeers - a popular wizarding beverage that tasted a little bit like less-sickly butterscotch. Leo wasn't overly fond of the flavor, but it was the only drink with any sort of alcoholic content that he could get away with drinking. Leo stayed at the table for quite some time, quietly sipping butterbeer after butterbeer until he started amassing an impressive collection of bottles. He was gunning for at least seven this time 'round, hoping to surpass his previous record of six and a half - he had gotten a stomachache and had to quit. "Bit early in life to start drinking, isn't it?" questioned an amused voice behind him. "Mate, when you've had the month I've had, you discover that it's never too early to start drinking," Leo replied in a dry tone, gulping down his fifth bottle and grabbing a sixth. "I'd wager I've had a worse month than you," the stranger continued. "Really now?" Leo raised an eyebrow, turning in his seat to look at the stranger. The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of wizard's robes that had been darned in several places. He looked ill and exhausted. Though quite young, his light brown hair was flecked with grey. His face was pale and lined, with scars cutting across his face and soft green eyes. Leo found himself curious as to where the scars had come from and would bet that – had it been any other month – the stranger would most likely have won his wager. Unfortunately for him, Leo was confident he had everyone beat. "Have you also humiliated an evil dark wizard and now have to worry about possible revenge schemes and/or assassination attempts?" Leo inquired. The stranger gave a small snort of amusement. "Not this month, no," he responded before gesturing to the chair across from Leo. "May I?" Leo gave a small shrug and stared at the man as he sat down. He observed the man carefully for a moment, a sense of familiarity nagging at him the longer he stared at the man. I know I've seen him before... but where? After a second of thought, he shrugged, deciding that he must have just seen him during one of his many forays to the Leaky Cauldron. "You can ask, you know," the man said, misconstruing Leo's look and gesturing at the scars on his face. "I don't bite." Leo thought he detected a faint trace of amusement in the man's voice at the last line, though he couldn't fathom why. "Alright - what happened to your face?" Leo asked as bluntly as possible. "Dragon." "If you're going to lie, at least make it believable. Say it was a rabbit or a dog or something." "I figured a dragon would pique your interest more," the man replied with a small smile. "Rabbits and dogs don't make for quite as fascinating a tale as a dragon." "Dunno about that. I've got a few interesting stories about dogs, if you've got the time, Mr...?" Leo trailed off, taking a sip of his drink. "Lupin. Remus Lupin -" Leo choked on his drink, coughing loudly and prompting Remus to pat him vigorously on the back. "Remy?" Leo said when he could breathe. Remus froze, his hand hovering above Leo's back in shock. "How do you know that name?" Remus asked in a low voice, his face appearing stricken. "My dad – he mentioned you in a letter he left me," Leo shifted in his seat as Remus slowly sunk back in his seat. "He said I could trust you." Remus closed his eyes, turning his face upward and mumbling a single word that Leo couldn't quite make out. He stayed like this for a few moments before opening his eyes and turning back toward Leo, a much warmer smile on his face this time. "It's been quite some time since I've seen you, Leo," Remus finally said. "Even so, I should have recognized you – you have your father's eyes." "Not sure how I feel about some bloke I essentially just met staring at my eyes." "And his sense of humor," Remus chuckled. "I wasn't aware he had one of those," Leo remarked, sipping his butterbeer. "Most people make him out to be a quiet, serious person. Sounded a bit depressed too, to be perfectly honest." Remus was quiet for a moment. "Cas is – was – a very complicated person. He had many burdens thrust upon him from a young age and experienced hardships no person should have to experience." Leo stared down at his butterbeer, missing Remus's thoughtful expression. "Despite this, he tried his hardest to stay positive and find the good in everything – in people. He used to say that, even if he couldn't laugh or smile, at least he could get people to do it for him." "He sounds more like a philosopher every time I hear about him," Leo stated in a dry tone. Remus chuckled. "James made a similar comment once," he smiled. "Your mother found it to be an endearing quality – one of many." "Can you tell me about her?" Leo asked, a feeling of excitement bubbling up in his chest. "Much as enjoy hearing about my dad from – literally – everyone, I never hear anything about my mum." "Not surprising. Rose was a very shy and private person – often keeping to herself and any close friends she made. She wasn't one to make waves and preferred to stay away from conflict. Most importantly, she was a very loving and kind person who brought smiles to those around her," Remus informed him with a gentle smile. Leo rolled the butterbeer between his hands thoughtfully before pushing it away and asking Remus for more stories of his parents – which he happily obliged. The two talked for hours, the remaining butterbeers left untouched as they conversed heavily – Leo even manage to smile once or twice. By the time the two parted – with the promise to keep in contact with one another – Leo's spirits were higher than they had been in weeks. Uncle Siri, I ran into Remus today. He was just as my father had described – kind, warm, wise – and I felt better than I have in weeks after talking to him... I didn't talk to him about what happened – about the trap door that Fluffy was guarding or Quirrell or anything. You're right, I'm not ready yet. But I'm trying to be. Love, Leo P.S.: You know what might help immensely? Telling me how to track down Pettigrew.
Chapter 3: The Burrow I went to a Muggle music festival with Lily and Rose last night. We sang and danced and laughed all night long. It's been quite some time since I laughed and smiled like that and – for the first time since before Christmas – I didn't have any nightmares when I slept. I've decided that I'm going to tell Siri what happened tomorrow. Keeping it to myself isn't doing me any good. I'm ready. Leo raised his hand, knocking on the door before stepping back, rocking on his heels. The door swung open a minute later, revealing a large and neckless man with an enormous black mustache. The man's face turned red at Leo's appearance, and he tried to slam the door in his face when it was suddenly blocked by Leo's hand, who refused to let it budge. "I'm here for Harry," Leo said simply. "We're busy, boy. You should've come earlier -" "I had a house to decorate, you fat oaf. Now, let me see Harry," Leo demanded. It was the thirty-first of July, the day of Leo and Harry's twelfth birthday. Leo had spent all day running about – decorating the kitchen, buying presents, and getting the ingredients Kreacher would need to make them a delicious feast. It had taken him all day to get everything done, so Leo wasn't able to retrieve his cousin until ten past eight that night. "I don't have to let you -" "I have a wand – don't make me use it." Vernon's face paled considerably at this and he looked over his shoulder to ensure that no one else was around. He then opened the door wider, telling Leo to be silent and that Harry was upstairs. He told Leo that he couldn't leave until his house-guests had gone – he had a big promotion on the line. Normally, Leo would have taken this opportunity to deliberately sabotage Vernon, but he didn't want Harry to have to deal with the aftermath considering he'd have to spend the first half of every summer with them. Leo walked past Vernon into the house, tiptoeing up the stairs and making it to Harry's room. He opened the door and was surprised to find that he wasn't alone. There was a house-elf with him. He had large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls. Leo would even go so far as to say that he was adorable. "...And you are?" Leo finally said, closing the door behind him. "Dobby, sir, Dobby the house-elf," the house-elf bowed. "Pleasure to meet you, Dobby," Leo gave a flourishing bow in return. "I'm Leo, Leo the human. That's Harry, Harry the beardless dwarf." Harry chucked a pillow at him. "So, what brings you to this over-sized shed the Dursleys call a home, Dobby? Did your family send you?" Leo inquired, walking over and flopping onto Harry's bed. "No, sir. Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later...Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts." There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Vernon's voice. Leo simply stared at Dobby as though he had lost his marbles. "W-what?" Harry stammered. "But I've got to go back — term starts on September first. It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know what it's like here. I don't belong here. I belong in your world — at Hogwarts." "No, no, no," squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so hard his ears flapped. "Harry Potter must stay where he is safe. He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal danger." "Oh, so just a regular school year then?" Leo remarked. "Leo is not understanding. There is a plot. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year," whispered Dobby, suddenly trembling all over. "Dobby has known it for months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. He is too important, sir!" "... This still sounds an awful lot like your average Hogwarts school year." "What terrible things?" said Harry, getting to the meat of the issue. "Who's plotting them?" Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head frantically against the wall. Leo wasn't sure whether he should laugh or not. "Alright!" cried Harry, grabbing the elf's arm to stop him. "You can't tell me. I understand. But why are you warning us? Hang on — this hasn't got anything to do with Vol — sorry — with You-Know-Who, has it? You could just shake or nod," he added hastily as Dobby's head tilted worryingly close to the wall again. "I sincerely hope not, otherwise I might just bunk off school altogether," Leo stated, lifting his head up worriedly and awaiting Dobby's response. Slowly, Dobby shook his head. "Not — not He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, sir —" Leo relaxed at this. But Dobby's eyes were wide and he seemed to be trying to give Harry and Leo a hint. The two, however, were completely lost. "He hasn't got a brother, has he?" "Or an equally hideous sister?" Dobby shook his head, his eyes wider than ever. "Well then, I can't think who else would have a chance of making horrible things happen at Hogwarts," said Harry. "I mean, there's Dumbledore, for one thing —" "Dumbledore didn't exactly do much to stop anything happening last year, Harry. We did, not him," Leo interrupted him angrily. "I wouldn't bet all my cards – or anything, really – on him being much use if the school really is in danger." Dobby seemed inclined to agree with him. "There are powers Dumbledore doesn't...powers no decent wizard..." And before either of the cousins could stop him, Dobby bounded off the bed, seized Harry's desk lamp, and started beating himself around the head with earsplitting yelps. A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later Harry and Leo heard Vernon coming into the hall, calling, "Dudley must have left his television on again, the little tyke!" "Quick! In the closet!" hissed Harry, stuffing Dobby in, shutting the door, and flinging himself onto his chair just as the door handle turned. "What — the —devil — are — you — doing?" said Vernon through gritted teeth, his face horribly close to Harry's, much to Leo's annoyance. "You've just ruined the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke... One more sound and you'll wish you'd never been born, boy!" He stomped flat-footed from the room. "Wanker," Leo huffed. "Didn't even give me a chance to make a witty remark or call him racist." Harry rolled his eyes as he let Dobby out of the closet. "See what it's like here?" he said. "See why I've got to go back to Hogwarts? It's the only place I've got — well, I think I've got friends." "Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter?" said Dobby slyly. "I expect they've just been — wait a minute," said Harry, frowning. "How do you know my friends haven't been writing to me?" "Ooo, busted," Leo gave a low whistle. Dobby shuffled his feet. "Harry Potter mustn't be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the best —" "Have you been stopping my letters?" "Dobby has them here, sir," said the elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harry's reach, he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing. Dobby blinked anxiously up at Harry. "Harry Potter mustn't be angry...Dobby hoped...if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him...Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir..." "...You do realize that that would only motivate him to go more, right?" Leo questioned, beginning to understand that the elf wasn't quite in his right mind. "At the very least to figure out what the – Jesus!" Harry had lunged for the letters, but Dobby jumped out of reach. "Harry Potter will have them, sir, if he gives Dobby his word that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger you must not face! Say you won't go back, sir!" "No," said Harry angrily. "Give me my friends' letters!" "Then Harry Potter leaves Dobby no choice," said the elf sadly. Before Harry or Leo could move, Dobby had darted to the bedroom door, pulled it open, and sprinted down the stairs. The two exchanged a look before quietly running after him and down the stairs, jumping the last six steps, and landing catlike on the hall carpet, looking around for Dobby. From the dining room, he heard Vernon saying, "...tell Petunia that very funny story about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. She's been dying to hear..." And now they're insulting Americans. The Dursleys are just truly awful people. Leo shook his head before he and Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen. There they saw a pudding, a mountain of cream and sugared violets, floating up near the ceiling. On top of a cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby. "No," croaked Harry. "Please...they'll kill me..." "Harry Potter must say he's not going back to school —" "Dobby...please..." "Say it, sir —" "I can't —" Dobby gave him a tragic look. "Then Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potter's own good." The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash. Cream splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered. With a crack like a whip, Dobby vanished. There were screams from the dining room and Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry and Leo covered from head to foot in pudding. Leo took that moment to swipe a finger over Harry's cheek, grabbing a large glob of pudding and stuffing it in his mouth. He smacked his lips a few times. "That's actually not too bad," he commented before turning to Vernon. "Very fruity – little heavy on the margarine, though." At first, it looked as though Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over. ("Just our nephews — very disturbed — meeting strangers upsets them, so we kept them upstairs...") He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room and handed Harry a mop and Leo a broom. He was half-tempted to ride it around the dining room, just to freak everyone out. Vernon might still have been able to make his deal — if it hadn't been for the owl. Petunia was just passing around a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window, dropped a letter on Mrs. Mason's head, and swooped out again. Mrs. Mason screamed like a banshee and ran from the house shouting about lunatics. Mr. Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes, and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke. Leo hadn't laughed that hard in months. Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for support, as Vernon advanced on him, a demonic glint in his tiny eyes. Leo prepared himself to intervene in case things got physical. "Read it!" he hissed evilly, brandishing the letter the owl had delivered. "Go on — read it!" Harry took it, and Leo looked over his shoulder to read: Dear Mr. Potter, We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine. As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to perform spells outside school, and further spellwork on your part may lead to expulsion from said school. (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C). We would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that risks notice by members of the non-magical community (Muggles) is a serious offense under section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy. Enjoy your holidays! Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE Ministry of Magic Leo exchanged a look with Harry. "Well, I think now's as good a time as any to skedaddle. Why don't you go grab your things and we can -" "Not so fast, boy!" Vernon roared. "You two aren't going anywhere! Not to that bloody circus you call a school and certainly not anywhere among those freaks! You're going to be locked up like you deserve -" Leo's wand was suddenly in his face. "Try it, see what happens," Leo dared him. "Your threats won't work on me, boy. If you use magic, they'll expel you both!" Vernon laughed gleefully. Leo took a moment to consider this. "Fair point," he conceded before shouting, "Kreacher!" There was a loud crack, and the house-elf appeared, with a snout for a nose, giant bat's ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, with his only covering being grimy rags, he was quite a sight. Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek; nothing this filthy had entered her house in living memory. Dudley tried running from the room in fright, but only managed to run into the wall and fall backward on his fat arse. Vernon bellowed, "What the hell is that?" "Kreacher, be a dear and fetch Harry's things and take them home, would you?" Leo smiled gleefully at the Dursleys' horrified expressions. "Just make sure you don't set off the Trace while you do so, alright?" "Yes, Master Leo," Kreacher bowed before turning back to Harry. "The Potter brat must show Kreacher where to go." "Oh, er, alright," Harry replied awkwardly before leading the house-elf out of the kitchen. Leo retracted his wand and stepped back a pace, folding his hands behind his back and humming to himself. So far, the night was not going as he had planned – which he was actually alright with. It had been endlessly entertaining at the Dursleys to the point where Leo almost missed living here. Almost. Harry returned minutes later with Kreacher in tow, who informed him that Harry's things had been sent to the house. Leo nodded before ordering him to take himself and Harry home. Kreacher grabbed both their arms and Apparated them into the kitchen of Grimmauld Place, where Harry's eyes widened at all the food and the mountain of presents awaiting him. "Happy Birthday, Harry," Leo grinned before being abruptly engulfed in a hug. "Thanks, Leo. I promise I'll get you something when we get back to Diagon Alley -" "Don't sweat it, Harry. You're all the present I need." Three days later found Harry and Leo with their trunks and – in Harry's case, at least – owl. They were preparing for Kreacher to Apparate them to the Burrow, where they would spend the rest of their summer surrounded by the redheads. Leo and Harry both took firm holds of their belongings as Kreacher grabbed their arms and Apparated them in front of a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and Harry and Leo got their first glimpse at the Weasley home. It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several stories high and so crooked it looked as though it were held up by magic (which Leo reminded himself, it probably was). Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof. A lopsided sign stuck in the ground near the entrance read, THE BURROW. Around the front door lay a jumble of rubber boots and a very rusty cauldron. Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way around the yard. "Wicked," they both breathed as Kreacher vanished. Mrs. Weasley - a short, plump, kind-faced woman - was marching across the yard towards them, scattering chickens. She stopped in front of them, a warm smile on her face. "I'm very pleased to see you, both," she said. "Come in and have some breakfast." The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, which the boys sat down at, looking around. The clock on the wall opposite them had only one hand and no numbers at all. Written around the edge were things like Time to make tea, Time to feed the chickens, and You're late. Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese, Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts — It's Magic! An old radio next to the sink just announced that coming up was "Witching Hour, with the popular singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck." Mrs. Weasley was tipping healthy servings of sausage and fried eggs on their plates just as the Weasleys started descending the stairs with various yawns. Ron's face immediately brightened upon spotting Harry, and Fred and George exchanged looks of mischief-fueled glee when they noticed Leo was with him. Immediately, they pounced on him. Literally. Leo shrieked and scrambled out from beneath them, running out the door to the kitchen with the twins in hot pursuit. They chased him around the house a few times before Leo managed to lose them and make his way back to the kitchen. He strolled back to his seat and began to eat his eggs as though nothing had happened. Fred and George appeared a few minutes later and did the same, the three of them receiving confused looks from everyone in the kitchen. "What was that all about?" Ron finally asked. "What was all what about?" Leo replied, raising an eyebrow as he feigned curiosity. "You - and Fred and George – chasing each other round -" "Leo, what's he on about?" Fred questioned, looking at the blonde. "I haven't the faintest idea. George?" "I think our dear brother must have hit his head or something – must be delirious, the poor boy," George shook his head and sighed heavily. Fred and Leo both imitated him, leaving Ron to throw his hands up in defeat as Harry struggled to smother his laughter. At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a small, redheaded figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen, gave a small squeal, and ran out again. "Ginny," said Ron in an undertone to Harry. "My sister. She's been talking about you all summer." "Yeah, she'll be wanting your autograph, Harry," Fred said with a grin. "No one ever wants my autograph," Leo fake pouted. "That's because you're nutters, mate," George explained. "Oh yeah." Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean, which took a surprisingly short time. After which, Mrs. Weasley told her sons to de-gnome the garden. Whatever that meant. Harry volunteered himself and Leo to help. The blonde was currently plotting his revenge. "That's very sweet of you, dear, but it's dull work," said Mrs. Weasley. "Now, let's see what Lockhart's got to say on the subject —" And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece. George groaned. "Mum, we know how to de-gnome a garden —" Leo looked at the cover of Mrs. Weasley's book. Written across it in fancy gold letters were the words Gilderoy Lockhart's Guide to Household Pests. There was a big photograph on the front of an adequate-looking (at least, in Leo's opinion) wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eyes. As always in the wizarding world, the photograph was moving; the wizard, who Leo supposed was Gilderoy Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at them all. Mrs. Weasley beamed down at him. Leo suppressed the urge to gag. "Oh, he is marvelous," she said. "He knows his household pests, all right, it's a wonderful book..." "Mum fancies him," said Fred, in a very audible whisper. "Don't be so ridiculous, Fred," said Mrs. Weasley, her cheeks rather pink. "Alright, if you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go and get on with it, and woe betide you if there's a single gnome in that garden when I come out to inspect it." Yawning and grumbling, the Weasleys slouched outside with Harry and a very reluctant Leo behind them. The garden was large - full of weeds and uncut grass. There were gnarled trees all around the walls, plants spilling from every flower bed, and a big green pond full of frogs. "Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know," Harry told Ron they crossed the lawn. "Yeah, I've seen those things they think are gnomes," said Ron, bent double with his head in a peony bush, "like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods..." "Think you've got the two mixed up, mate. Santa doesn't fish," Leo informed him. "Much too cold for that." There was a violent scuffling noise, the peony bush shuddered, and Ron straightened up. "This is a gnome," he said grimly. "Gerroff me! Gerroff me!" squealed the gnome. It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small and leathery looking, with a large, knobby, bald head exactly like a potato. Ron held it at arm's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside down. "This is what you have to do," he said. He raised the gnome above his head ("Gerroff me!") and started to swing it in great circles like a lasso. Seeing the shocked look on Harry's face, Ron added, "It doesn't hurt them —you've just got to make them really dizzy so they can't find their way back to the gnome holes." He let go of the gnome's ankles: It flew twenty feet into the air and landed with a thud in the field over the hedge. "Pitiful," said Fred. "I bet I can get mine beyond that stump." "Bet I can hit someone with mine," Leo replied. "I'm not taking that bet." Leo ended up lobbing a gnome at Harry, who barely managed to duck it in time. George wasn't so lucky. The gnome hit him square in the back of the head, prompting him to grab his own gnome and chuck it at Leo, who ducked and grinned when it hit Ron. It was chaos from that point on. Gnomes were flung all over the yard, very few making it out into the field where they were supposed to go. Mrs. Weasley came out after a few minutes of non-stop shouting and screaming and scolded them all before walking back into the house. They quickly went back to work, throwing the gnomes into the field in a somewhat more subdued manner. "They'll be back," said Ron as they watched the gnomes disappear into the hedge on the other side of the field. "They love it here...Dad's too soft with them; he thinks they're funny..." Just then, the front door slammed. "He's back!" said George. "Dad's home!" They hurried through the garden and back into the house. Mr. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and his eyes closed. He was a thin man, going bald, but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children's. He was wearing long green robes, which were dusty and travel-worn. "What a night," he mumbled, groping for the teapot as they all sat down around him. "Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher tried to put a hex on me when I had my back turned..." Mr. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed. "Find anything, Dad?" said Fred eagerly. "All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle," yawned Mr. Weasley. "There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasn't my department, though. Mortlake was taken away for questioning about some extremely odd ferrets, but that's the Committee on Experimental Charms, thank goodness..." "Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink?" said George. "Just Muggle-baiting," sighed Mr. Weasley. "Sell them a key that keeps shrinking to nothing so they can never find it when they need it. Of course, it's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking — they'll insist they just keep losing it. Bless them, they'll go to any lengths to ignore magic, even if it's staring them in the face...But the things our lot have taken to enchanting, you wouldn't believe —" Leo suddenly found himself wondering if he could get some shrinking keys for the Dursleys. The kettle sounds nice as well. Have to find someone to do it for me though otherwise, the Dursleys will become suspicious and will never take it. He felt hands on his arms and jumped, immediately prepared for a fight when he noticed it was just the Weasley twins. They led him up the stairs to a room on the fourth floor, which they opened to reveal two sets of beds and a mattress on the floor. Leo guessed that's where he would be sleeping. The rest of the room was chaotic – splashes of color everywhere, bits of paper with scribbles, and various joke items were strewn about. In the middle of it all stood Fred and George, their smiles full of mischief. Leo, I'm glad to hear you're doing better. I'm not surprised that Remus was able to help pull you out of your funk – he's always had a knack for knowing just what to say to people to make them feel better. Take as much time as you need, you'll be ready when you're ready. It took your father almost eight months to finally talk about what was wrong, but that's him. Everyone's different. There's no set date you have to be ready by – so take your time. Hope your holidays are going well! Love, Uncle Siri P.S.: Nice try, kid, but that's not happening.
Chapter 4: Bookstore Brawl Siri was quiet after I told him. Then he pulled me into a hug and apologized over and over for being a git. I felt better afterward. Not just because I well and truly had my brother back, but because I had gotten my fears out in the open and I wasn't rejected. I think that's what I feared most would happen. Rejection. Leo had a nightmare his first night at the Burrow. It was the same one – Quirrell torturing him repeatedly and Leo eventually killing him. He woke up to find Fred and George holding him down, staring at his sweat-soaked form in worry. When they asked what was wrong, he had looked away and mumbled that it was just nightmares from the end of last year. The two had exchanged a look before picking him up by his arms, grabbing his broom, and marching him out the door. The led him to a large field and tossed him a Quaffle-sized ball, which he stared at in confusion until they grabbed their own brooms and took the ball from him, soaring through the sky. Leo raced after them and took it back, and there progressed the quietest game of keep-away Leo had ever been a part of. When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was standing in the front yard, hands on her hips as she prepared to scold them all for being out so late. The twins sent Leo inside while they talked to their mum. The next night, he had another nightmare, and again the twins took him out flying. This time, when they returned, Mrs. Weasley was waiting for them with a kind smile and mugs of hot chocolate. As this was occurring, the Weasleys began to notice other odd behaviors as well. Leo avoided mirrors at all costs and outright refused to be in a room with a chessboard in it. They were confused at first until Harry explained that some of the obstacles they had had to overcome were a giant chessboard and dealing with the Mirror of Erised. Leo was surprised the following morning to find that all of the mirrors had either been removed or covered. He didn't say anything but was grateful nonetheless. A week after Leo began staying with the Weasleys, he and the twins were walking back into the kitchen that morning when they heard Mr. Weasley speaking. "...You three've got them, too," he was saying, as the three ambled in. Leo blinked at his Hogwarts letter before opening it and reading through the list of books. One was The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2, and the rest were seven books all by Gitroy Lookhard, as Leo liked to call him. As in 'look hard enough, and you might just find some talent'. Leo outright refused to believe that someone with an ego that large had done any of the things Mrs. Weasley said he had done. You don't see, do, and experience horrible things and come out of it smiling. You just don't. Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Leo's. "You've been told to get all Lockhart's books, too!" he said. "The new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan — bet it's a witch." At this point, Fred caught his mother's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade. "That lot won't come cheap," said George, with a quick look at his parents. "Lockhart's books are really expensive..." "Well, we'll manage," said Mrs. Weasley, but she looked worried. "I expect we'll be able to pick up a lot of Ginny's things secondhand." Leo made a resolution at that moment to pay for all the Weasleys' supplies. It was the least he could do after they put up with his nonsense for the past week. "Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year?" Harry asked Ginny. She nodded, blushing to the roots of her flaming hair, and put her elbow in the butter dish. Fortunately, no one saw this except Harry and Leo – who barely suppressed a snort of laughter - because just then Ron's elder brother Percy walked in. He was already dressed, his Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to his sweater vest. Leo had the overwhelming desire to give it to Apollo and have him fly it off to Azkaban as a gift for Sirius. "Morning, all," said Percy briskly. "Lovely day." He sat down in the only remaining chair but leaped up again almost immediately, pulling from underneath him a molting, gray feather duster — at least, that was what Leo thought it was until he saw that it was breathing. "Errol!" said Ron, taking the limp owl from Percy and extracting a letter from under its wing. "Finally— he's got Hermione's answer. I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys. 'Course, this was before Leo sent a message saying he had picked you up." "'Dear Ron, Leo, and Harry if you're there, "'I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you didn't do anything illegal to get him out, Ron, because that would get Harry into trouble, too. I've been really worried and if Harry is all right, will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be better if you used a different owl because I think another delivery might finish your yours off. "I'm very busy with schoolwork, of course'— How can she be?" said Ron in horror. "We're on vacation! — 'and we're going to London next Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don't we meet in Diagon Alley? Let me know what's happening as soon as you can. Love from Hermione.'" "Well, that fits in nicely, we can go and get all your things then, too," said Mrs. Weasley, starting to clear the table. "What're you all up to today?" Leo, Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned. It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below, meaning that they could practice Quidditch there, as long as they didn't fly too high. They couldn't use real Quidditch balls, which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village; instead, they threw apples for one another to catch. They took turns riding Leo and Harry's Nimbus Two Thousands, which were easily the best brooms; Ron's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies. Leo roared with laughter every time he saw it happen. Five minutes later they were marching up the hill, broomsticks over their shoulders. They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them, but he had said he was busy. Leo had only seen Percy at mealtimes so far; he stayed shut in his room the rest of the time. Leo felt it was because he needed some 'alone time'. Fred and George were both horrified and amused by this statement. "Wish I knew what he was really up to," said Fred, frowning. "He's not himself. His exam results came the day before you did; twelve O.W.L.s and he hardly gloated at all." "Ordinary Wizarding Levels," George explained, seeing Leo and Harry's puzzled looks. "Bill got twelve, too. If we're not careful, we'll have another Head Boy in the family. I don't think I could stand the shame." Bill was the oldest Weasley brother. He and the next brother, Charlie, had already left Hogwarts. Leo had never met either of them but knew that Charlie was in Romania studying dragons and Bill in Egypt working for the wizard's bank, Gringotts. He was looking forward to meeting Charlie one day and hearing about all his adventures with dragons. "Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our school stuff this year," said George after a while. "Five sets of Lockhart books! And Ginny needs robes and a wand and everything..." "I wouldn't worry too much about it, George, I'm sure it'll all turn out fine," Leo assured him. Mrs. Weasley woke them all – with the exception of Leo and the twins, who were already awake - early the following Wednesday. After a quick half a dozen bacon sandwiches each, they pulled on their coats and Mrs. Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside. "We're running low, Arthur," she sighed. "We'll have to buy some more today...Ah well, guests first! After you, Harry dear!" And she offered him the flowerpot. Harry stared at them all watching him. "W-what am I supposed to do?" he stammered. "They've never traveled by Floo powder," said Ron suddenly. "Sorry, you two, I forgot." "Never?" said Mr. Weasley. "But how did you get to Diagon Alley to buy your school things last year?" "We asked for directions and walked there," Leo shrugged, feeling a bit guilty about lying to them. He didn't know why, but he felt that it was important that he keep Grimmauld Place a secret from everyone. So far, the only ones who knew about it were himself, Harry, and Sirius – and he wanted to keep it that way. "Floo powder's a lot quicker, dear, but goodness me, if neither of you've used it before —" Mrs. Weasley was saying. "They'll be all right, Mum," said Fred. "Watch us first." He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot, stepped up to the fire, and threw the powder into the flames. With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred, who stepped right into it, shouted, "Diagon Alley!" and vanished. "You must speak clearly, dear," Mrs. Weasley told Harry and Leo as George dipped his hand into the flowerpot. "And be sure to get out at the right grate..." "The right what?" said Harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped George out of sight, too. "Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose from, you know, but as long as you've spoken clearly —" "They'll be fine, Molly, don't fuss," said Mr. Weasley, helping himself to Floo powder too. "But, dear, if he got lost, how would we ever explain to his aunt and uncle?" "They wouldn't mind," Harry reassured her. "Dudley would think it was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a chimney, don't worry about that —" "Even I think that's a brilliant joke," Leo snorted. "Well...all right...you go after Arthur," said Mrs. Weasley. "Now, when you get into the fire, say where you're going." "And keep your elbows tucked in," Ron advised. "And your eyes shut," said Mrs. Weasley. "The soot —" "Don't fidget," said Ron. "Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace —" "But don't panic and get out too early; wait until you see Fred and George." Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder and walked to the edge of the fire. He took a deep breath, scattered the powder into the flames, and stepped forward; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash. "D-Dia-gon Alley," he coughed. He vanished, and Leo exchanged an apprehensive look with everyone else. "Anyone else feel like that went terribly, or just me?" he asked. "Oh dear. I certainly hope he hasn't gone too far," Mrs. Weasley said worriedly. "I'm sure he's fine, Mrs. Weasley. Harry's got a knack for getting out of messy situations," Leo reassured her, taking Floo powder out of the pot. "Granted, I'm usually the one who puts him in them – but still." He threw the powder into the flames, his eyes dancing as they turned bright green. He stepped into the flames and smiled at what felt like a pleasantly warm breeze. He wanted to linger a bit longer but wasn't sure how long the Floo Powder would last. "Diagon Alley!" he shouted clearly. It felt as though he was being sucked down a giant drain. He seemed to be spinning very fast — the roaring in his ears was deafening — and then suddenly he toppled out, feeling hands steadying him before he fell over. He looked up to see that it was the twins who had caught him. "Where's Harry?" Mr. Weasley asked in confusion. Leo sighed dramatically. "Apparently, I can't take my cousin anywhere." Leo was saved from explaining further by the appearance of Ron, who filled everyone in on the Harry situation. Percy appeared next, followed by Ginny and finally Mrs. Weasley. She looked around worriedly before bustling them out of the Leaky Cauldron and out to Diagon Alley to search for Harry. Thankfully it only took about ten minutes to find Harry, safe and sound in the presence of both Hagrid and Hermione. Harry explained that he had wound up in Knockturn Alley – essentially the Dark Wizards' shopping district – and that Hagrid had found him and managed to lead him out to Diagon Alley safely. "Suppose it's a relief you were covered in soot. Makes it harder to see the scar," Leo said thoughtfully. "Hate to think what a bunch of Dark Wizards would do to the Boy-Who-Lived." "Funnily enough, that doesn't make me feel any better, Leo," Harry informed him in a very dry tone. "It wasn't supposed to." "You're a git." "I love you too." "Well, gotta be off," said Hagrid, who was having his hand wrung by Mrs. Weasley ("Knockturn Alley! If you hadn't found him, Hagrid!"). "See yer at Hogwarts!" And he strode away, head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street. "Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes?" Harry asked Leo, Ron, and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps. "Malfoy and his father." "Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything?" said Mr. Weasley sharply behind them. "No, he was selling —" "So he's worried," said Mr. Weasley with grim satisfaction. "Oh, I'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something..." "I'd pay good money to see you take old Lucy down a few pegs," Leo admitted in a gleeful tone. "You be careful, Arthur," said Mrs. Weasley sharply as they were bowed into the bank by a goblin at the door. "That family's trouble. Don't go biting off more than you can chew —" "So you don't think I'm a match for Lucius Malfoy?" said Mr. Weasley indignantly, but he was distracted almost at once by the sight of Hermione's parents, who were standing nervously at the counter that ran all along the great marble hall, waiting for Hermione to introduce them. "But you're Muggles!" said Mr. Weasley delightedly. "We must have a drink! What's that you've got there? Oh, you're changing Muggle money. Molly, look!" He pointed excitedly at the ten-pound notes in Mr. Granger's hand. As everyone else went to their vaults in Gringotts, he walked up to the counter and requested Adknus's presence. When the grizzled old goblin appeared, Leo asked that any money taken from the Weasley account be refilled from his own vault at the end of the day. When asked if Leo would like the family informed, he shook his head, saying that if they asked to just tell them it was an anonymous donation. He knew the Weasleys would never accept charity, even if that's not what it was. It was simply Leo's way to repay them for all they had done over the last week and a half. He then headed out and bought all his necessary school supplies, saving the books for last as he didn't want to lug Lockhart's stupid face all over the Alley. An hour later, he was headed for Flourish and Blotts. He was by no means the only one making his way to the bookshop. As he approached it, he was surprised to find a large crowd jostling outside the doors, trying to get in. The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows: GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30 P. M. to 4:30 P.M. "Well, I am now officially convinced that the universe hates me," Leo pouted. "We can actually meet him!" Hermione squealed behind him, alerting Leo to her presence. "I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist!" The crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches around Mrs. Weasley's age. A harassed looking wizard stood at the door, saying, "Calmly, please, ladies...Don't push, there...mind the books, now..." Leo - joined by Harry, Ron, and Hermione - squeezed inside. A long line wound right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They each grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 and snuck up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger. "Oh, there you are, good," said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair. "We'll be able to see him in a minute..." Leo wasn't able to suppress an eye roll. Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd. The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue that exactly matched his eyes; his pointed wizard's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair. Leo didn't know it was possible to dislike someone this much without ever having talked to them. A short, irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash. "Out of the way, there," he snarled at Ron, moving back to get a better shot. "This is for the Daily Prophet —" "Big deal," said Ron, rubbing his foot where the photographer had stepped on it just as Leo kicked out a foot and tripped the man, causing him to fall and break his camera. Gilderoy Lockhart heard him. He looked up. He saw Ron — and then he saw Harry. He stared. Then he leaped to his feet and positively shouted, "It can't be Harry Potter?" Sensing something bad coming, Leo latched onto Harry's arm. This turned out to be a smart move on his part as the crowd parted, whispering excitedly, and Lockhart dove forward, seizing Harry's arm and tried to pull him to the front. He looked bewildered when Harry didn't budge. He looked at Harry's other arm and spotted Leo holding onto him tightly. Lockhart gave a brilliant smile. "Come along, lad, let Harry go. Promise you, you can have him right back -" "No thanks. I'm not letting you use Harry for some stupid publicity stunt," Leo responded in a very rude tone. "I don't believe that's your decision to make, Mr...?" "Evans. But it's not yours either. It's Harry's," Leo informed the man. "Do you want to go up there with him, Harry?" "Not particularly, no," Harry replied at once. "There you have it," Leo smiled triumphantly. "Now, let him go before I sue the hell out of you for assault and attempted kidnapping." Lockhart seemed quite displeased by this turn of events, but released Harry nonetheless and returned to the stage. He turned around to face the crowd, his unusually bright smile back on his face as he said, "It appears Mr. Potter is a bit shy – but not to worry! You still have me." He gave a small wink and the women – and a few men – cheered. Leo rolled his eyes and pretended to vomit, still not releasing his hold on Harry in case Lockhart changed his mind. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said loudly, waving for quiet. "What an extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I've been sitting on for some time! "When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts today, he only wanted to buy my autobiography — which I shall be happy to present him now, free of charge —" The crowd applauded again. "He had no idea," Lockhart continued, giving Harry a winning smile through the crowd, "that he would shortly be getting much, much more than my book, Magical Me. He and his schoolmates will, in fact, be getting the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure and pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!" "Yep. The universe definitely hates me," Leo groaned before turning to Harry. "Is it too late to drop out of school?" Harry patted his shoulder sympathetically. A wizard then came by and presented him with the entire works of Gilderoy Lockhart. Staggering slightly under their weight, Harry and Leo managed to make their way to the edge of the room, where Ginny was standing next to her new cauldron. "You have these," Harry mumbled to her, tipping the books into the cauldron. "I'll buy my own —" "Bet you loved that, didn't you, Black?" said a voice Leo had no trouble recognizing. He bit back a groan, as he turned to face Blaise Zabini with Draco not far behind him, looking uncomfortable with the situation. Leo met his gaze, giving a slight incline of his head and receiving one in return. "Couldn't let stupid little Potter have the attention – had to go and grab some for yourself, didn't you?" Zabini sneered. "Sorry, I'm still trying to figure out who you are," Leo frowned, scratching his chin in faux thought. "Haven't I seen you in a circus somewhere? Maybe a zoo?" Zabini snarled, stepping forward and reaching into the pocket of his robe with his right hand. Leo lurched forward, grabbing Zabini's wrist with his left hand and flicking his wand out into his right with one fluid motion. The tip of his wand pointed at the underside of Zabini's chin. "We've been here before, haven't we?" Leo asked in a pleasant tone. "It didn't end so well for you last time, now did it?" Zabini's face grew red as a small crowd gathered around them. Ron and Hermione pushed their way to the front, laden with stacks of books as they made their way over to Harry, asking what was going on. Harry was just as confused as they were, and he had been there since Zabini had first shown up. "Feeling brave just because all your little friends are around?" Zabini attempted to mock him. "Last I checked, we got in this exact same situation last time when just your friends were around," Leo reminded him pointedly. "Why don't you yield now and walk away – while you have some small shred of dignity left." "Never," Zabini snarled. "Leo!" said Mr. Weasley, struggling over with Fred and George. "What are you doing? Put your wand away -" "Well, well, well — Arthur Weasley." It was Mr. Malfoy. He stood with his hand on Draco's – who paled somewhat - shoulder sneering at them all. "Lucius," said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly. "Busy time at the Ministry, I hear," said Mr. Malfoy. "All those raids...I hope they're paying you overtime?" He reached into Ginny's cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy Lockhart books, a very old, very battered copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration. "Obviously not," Mr. Malfoy said. "Dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?" Mr. Weasley flushed a darker red than either Ron or Ginny could ever manage. "We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard, Malfoy," he said. "Clearly," said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to Mr. and Mrs. Granger, who were watching apprehensively. "The company you keep, Weasley...and I thought your family could sink no lower." There was a thud of metal as Ginny's cauldron went flying; Mr. Weasley had thrown himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him backward into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came thundering down on all their heads; there was a yell of, "Get him, Dad!" from Fred or George; Mrs. Weasley was shrieking, "No, Arthur, no!"; the crowd stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over and, in the commotion, Zabini broke free and ran off; "Gentlemen, please — please!" cried the assistant, and then, louder than all — "Break it up, there, gents, break it up —" Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books. In an instant, he had pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still holding Ginny's old Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes glittering with malice. "Here, girl — take your book — it's the best your father can give you —" Pulling himself out of Hagrid's grip he beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop. "Yeh should've ignored him, Arthur," said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he straightened his robes. "Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone knows that — no Malfoy's worth listenin' ter — bad blood, that's what it is — come on now — let's get outta here." The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrid's waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury. "A fine example to set for your children...brawling in public...what Gilderoy Lockhart must've thought —" "He was pleased," said Fred. "Didn't you hear him as we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he'd be able to work the fight into his report — said it was all publicity —" "Well, gotta find some way to make the headlines since Harry didn't go up there with him," Leo remarked, retracting his wand as they made their way down the street. "How'd you know Lockhart was going to go for him anyway?" George inquired curiously. "Simple: Lockhart's an attention-seeking prat who'll do anything to make a splash. Getting a photo with the Boy-Who-Lived would've been the perfect way to do that." "Wow, you really don't like Lockhart," Ron commented. "Gee, did I make it too obvious?" Uncle Siri, This may seem a bit of an odd question, but what do you know about Gilderoy Lockhart? He's supposed to be our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, but I don't really like him. Granted, he's most likely loads better than Quirrell (I highly doubt I'll ever meet anyone as truly awful as he). I met him in Flourish and Blotts yesterday when he tried to get a picture with Harry and I wouldn't let him. Not really looking forward to dealing with that ego for an entire school year. Hope all is as well as it can be. Love, Leo P.S.: I hope you're aware that I'm not going to stop asking until you say 'yes'. Dear Remus, This may seem a bit of an odd question, but what do you know about Gilderoy Lockhart? He's supposed to be our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, but I don't really like him. Granted, he's most likely loads better than Quirrell (I highly doubt I'll ever meet anyone as truly awful as he). I met him in Flourish and Blotts yesterday when he tried to get a picture with Harry and I wouldn't let him. Not really looking forward to dealing with that ego for an entire school year. Hope all is well. Cheers, Leo P.S.: You wouldn't happen to know a slow-acting spell or potion that can change the colors of various things/people, would you? Asking for a friend. P.P.S.: You wouldn't happen to know of some sort of silencing charm, would you? Something that prevents other people from hearing you? Again, asking for a friend.
