A/N : i dont own any HP characters. IMPORTANT: I'm really sorry but i was not at all satisfied with my work so i have deleted all of the chapters for now. But i will be updating faster. Plz let me know if i can improve somewhere. This story will now have lemons. The battle had been between the Order members and the Death Eaters inhabiting the school. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- ~Voldemort. The person, no, the thing that damned me, that damned us all.~ It has been two months since the confrontation at Hogwarts, two months since we lost our innocence. Both sides were losing, numbers depleting rapidly. Voldemort saw this, he knew that he would have to intervene in the battle to tip the balance, but he wasn't ready yet. So, he told his Death Eaters to withdraw and let their hold over Hogwarts go. He knew, oh, he knew. He knew after probing Draco Malfoy's mind, that he was the first to disarm Dumbledore and was disarmed by Potter at the Malfoy Manor. The true owner of the Elder Wand was Harry Potter. And He knew. He withdrew but the damage was done. We had lost Tonks, Fred, Moody, Percy, Dennis Creevy, and countless others. All died a hero and I wished I was one of them. I wished I had died. Voldemort lost Rodulphus Lestrange, Barty Cr. Junior, the Carrow Twins. I was lost , I took the coward's way out. I left. I knew something they didn't, not even Voldemort. I cursed my knowledge for it brought me hell. Both sides were healing, trying to gain the numbers it had lost. Things went temporarily normal as Voldemort wasn't attacking now, trying to recover from the blow to his Death Eaters. But one thing didn't seem normal now. One essential thing. The Golden Trio. Battle had scarred me too much, I didn't feel the child-like love for Ron anymore and he couldn't take it. Ron just lost the main thing I loved about him, his humor. He had changed too. I did not blame him, he had taken Fred's death really hard. Golden Trio never kept secrets from each other, but we were, actually I was. I couldn't wake up every day and look into Harry's emerald eyes. He knew I was keeping something from them. I knew he was hurt but he never pushed me and that made me all the more guiltier. I couldn't live there, I had to leave. Fast. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Grimmauld Place was still considered compromised since Snape had killed Dumbledore. The Weasley family were living together at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur. Harry and Hermione had decided to give them space to mourn. The rest of the Order members were safely residing in Andromeda's house, which was the new headquarters, which while not as safe as the fidelius, was good enough. It had been two months since the battle. It had had many outcomes in our lives. Nevielle had found a lover in Hannah Abbot, a fellow Rawenclaw, and Luna in Dean. The tension between Ginny and Harry was palpable though. I knew how much Harry yearned to comfort her but his need to do things on his own and not endanger her, kept him from her. Ron had become grumpy and it was hard to be around him now. It was making Ginny go out of her way to make Harry jealous and get some comfort. Though, Ron had caught her snogging Seamus, he had spluttered as his face changed into a shade of red that matched the Weasley flaming-red hair, as he yelled, "SEAMUS! THAT'S MY BABY SISTER!" But Ginny would not let go of the embarrassed looking Seamus, as she turned to glare and retort, "Leave us alone! Why just because ickle-Ronnykins does not get any action in life, others should behave too? Piss off, Ron!" I would have laughed at Ron as he took the brunt of Ginny's wrath, had it not been me to drag him away from them. I would hole myself up in the library that Andromeda had. Harry would cast fugitive glances at me whenever he would think I wasn't looking. I knew how much he hated when things were kept from him, but how could i tell him? Ministry was still under Voldemort's control. The now free Hogwarts the only ray of hope. It had not been damaged much since the confrontation had been short just between the Death Eaters and the Order members and the students that chose to remain and fight. I was there with them, I witnessed deaths too, I saw my classmates fall. The pain continued to increase tenfold every day as I saw Harry. I kept away from everyone choosing to immerse myself in books. But surprisingly it did not provide much comfort, sometimes her mind would wander back to the War, the fear. Ron, immediately, pops in my mind, for he was whom she would have turned to for comfort, for normalcy. He would show her the light again but now, he himself was shrouded in the darkness of his pain and anger. Nobody there was hers anymore. She couldn't stand talking to Harry anymore than necessary, for it clouded her mind with pain of holding the secret in. I had never felt so alone. I wanted to check on my parents. I knew the danger wasn't over but I was getting desperate. I missed them. I missed home. I was tired of all the pain and misery around me. I could live with just one glimpse of them. So, I left. I knew my main reason was Harry though. It hurt so much. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 I had managed to track down the house they lived in. It had been too easy, I had to just check their fake names under dentist clinics in a local directory. I peered from the side of the building and quickly gulped down the polyjuice potion. You can never be too cautious these days. I nervously made my way to their front porch filled with anticipation. I knocked twice, my heart beating faster. The gate opened. "yes?", a old lady asked. I tried to cover my disappointment. "Um, don't Richard and Monica Wendell live here?", their fake names. "Oh, dear, did you know them?", her old eyes suddenly filling with sadness. My breath caught, "yes, I am a distant relative, where are they, are they alright?" I asked hurriedly, I knew that look. "my dear I am so sorry but a local thief had broke into the house and...and they were killed when they caught him stealing their stuff." I nodded, feeling numb. Turned around stiffly and walked away. Even though I looked calm outside, panic and dread were eating my insides. A lump had formed in my throat and I was having trouble breathing without gasping for breath. They were here because I sent them here. no. No! It cant be! I did all that to save from the wizard kind but never once did I give a thought to the muggle killers. No! They cant die. They cant die, too. I cant take this. Its too much. Mum! Dad! I remembered my mom's special smile for me and me alone, as if we were sharing her secrets, I remembered adoring her and her laugh lines on her face. I remembered Dad's protectiveness, how I used to tell him I was a big girl since I was just three years old. I remembered his hugs, filled with so much warmth, as if he was trying to complete himself just by keeping me close. I realized I was taking back my original body and quickly ducked in an empty alleyway. Numbly, I made my way out of the alley not caring if anyone detected me out here. I could not shed a tear. I made my way to the graveyard nearby where they were presumably buried. I searched and found their graves side by side and couldn't hold back the sudden sob that escaped my lips. My knees gave away and I fell between the two graves. I conjured two black roses, each for one grave and quickly changed the writings on the tombstones to John and Jean Granger. Along with the one sob, I couldnt stop the bout of tears and sobs that overcame me then. I didnt even realize I had been screaming my voice hoarse, "I'm sorry" until a hand appeared on my shoulder. I snapped my head up to see that it was some stranger looking at me with emotionless eyes. Well, good I didnt want anyone's pity anyways. He looked at me with such a look that made me wonder what he himself had really gone through. After all, she could recognize a mourning face anywhere now. I dont know how but in that moment I knew that he understood me. "you should be careful around muggle area with magic like that." were his first words. But his words though meant as caution, only made me aware of him intruding my privacy. He offered me his hand. Instead of pulling me up as I was expecting him to, he took a seat next to me on the ground and just held my hand. I dont know how long I sat there but I had formed a bond with a nameless stranger at that moment. After an endlessly long moment he said in the same husky voice, "by the way, the names' Stark. Stark Knight." A/N: its my first fan fic. Draco will enter later. Pl. pass comments even if they are bad. :( ...but hope you liked it, anyways.
After coming back to my senses, I had finally gotten a good look at the silent companion who had been holding my hand. Stark Knight was strikingly handsome. She had never been one to judge a book by its cover, well she had learnt it the hard way after Gilderoy Lockhart. So while she might acknowledge that some might be considered handsome, it never really made her think much else and so she would simply move on. But here had been one fine man, tall, with what Ginny would call a Chaser's build, lithe yet with a defined chest, short and spiky black hair and dark brown eyes. His dark features stood out on his pale fair skin. He had stayed with me for quite some time and then had gotten up to leave when i seemed to have settled down. As his fingers had slipped out of my hand, I had turned and mumbled a 'Thank you' in a hoarse voice that had sounded strange even to my own ears. I didn't know how he had responded, I hadnt been able to match his stare knowing how I must have been looking. After that he had simply walked away. It had been two minutes or so since then and I suddenly realized two things- one, that I was sitting there as Hermione Granger and two, that Stark Knight was a wizard. It was too risky to continue sitting there. Grieving was a luxury I couldn't afford at the moment and so I decided to move too with a bitter feeling in my chest. I carefully made my way to the alley I came from to apparate when suddenly I heard the unmistakable sound of spells behind her. I froze and spun with my wand, ready with a spell as a force collided with me, making me tumble backwards. Somebody had fallen atop her. She pushed the petrified body of her with her might. She heaved, adrenaline coursing through her veins, making her jumpy. She stared at the man's face. She didn't recognize him. He didn't have a wand on him. No, he had a knife. I looked around wildly to locate who had petrified him, if there were more. I quickly located another man walking towards me unarmed. The sun was blinding my sight, making my eyes water as strained to see who it was, my wand trained at him. It was Stark Knight. 'You!' I said, 'Were you the one who petrified this man?! What is happening?' 'Relax.' He said, with his arms raised in a sign of surrender, 'he was about to stab and mug you. Crime rates have gotten pretty high in this area recently. I noticed him when I exited the cemetery and decided to keep watch just in case. Arent you glad I stayed? I know I am.' 'I didn't ask for your help!,' I spat out uncharacteristically. I looked at the man at my feet. He had dirty blonde hair and a missing tooth in the front. I wonder if he could be the one who had killed my parents but then frowned at myself and slowly lowered my wand. I looked up, slightly distracted, 'I-um sorry. Thank you for helping me.' "Don't worry about it,' he smiled, 'I'll just quickly obliviate him.' I nodded mutely. As he crouched down and worked on the man. I quickly took a look around to assess my situation. 'Thanks once again. I'll be going now,' I said to Stark as he stood up. 'I know who you are. You are pretty popular, plus the names of the graves made it kinda obvious,' he said simply. I froze for a second then said, 'And?' 'I am not an enemy. Australia has been mostly free from all that has been happening in the magical community. You have had a tough day. I was wondering if you would like to grab a cup of coffee or something..? I'll make sure that you have fun,' he winked and smiled at me in a gentle charming way. I wanted to laugh at the absurdity of the situation. Was I actually getting hit on in such a situation? 'No. I really should get back.' And turned o hurriedly walk away. But as thoughts of returning to Andromeda's Place, looking at Harry, facing their questioning stares regarding my parents came to my mind. I quickly backtracked and grabbed his shoulder. Oh I shouldn't be doing this. 'Actually, you know what? I'd like that if the offer is still available.' 'Ofcourse!' he gave a pleased smile to which even I had to respond with a quirk of my lips. 'just wait, I – uh- I'll just quickly glamour myself.' Polyjuice ought to be illegal here as well. 'But I find you glamorous enough already,' he said in a mock-dumbfounded joking look. Despite myself, I rolled my eyes and chuckled. I changed the color of hair to a shade of black and made them straight. It will have to do. 'You may refer to me to Jane in public.' 'Haha, boy is it fun to hang out with Wanted People. Alright lets leave this crime scene. I know a place nearby. I guess you'll prefer to walk?' he asked. I nodded. I may be being a bit of daredevil here but I am certainly not stupid enough to side apparate to Merlin knows where with a stranger. We had walked for about ten full minutes. I had found out quite a lot about him. He had studied at the Australian Magical Academy. He was a half blood. He also professed his undying love for Quidditch. I almost slipped up and said 'not you too'. And turns out he was a Chaser after all. It seems most Australians are hardcore fans of Quidditch. I wondered how far he was going to take me when he pointed at the cafe behind me. Tony's. It looked cozy alright and I could spot some novels lying around and instantly, i felt like this hadn't been such a bad idea after all. Stark Knight had turned into quite the knight in magical armor indeed. He was charming, flirty, and a smooth talker, I wondered why he wanted to spend his time with me. Maybe he was curious about the War in England and the famous Harry Potter. He must have realized that I was not a fan of Quidditch so he didn't bring it up again. If only, Ronald could have been this observant. I sighed. He was also doing his best not to bring up the war, despite a few slip ups, and I was eternally grateful for that. He held open the door and pulled out my chair for me. I couldn't help but feel strange. Here I was feeling and being treated like a girl for once, having coffee with a stranger whom I silent bonded with next to my parents' graves. 'Coffee or butterbeer?' he asked, 'The bar serves both communities.' It was true that there wasn't much prejudice here. And I couldn't help but wonder how it could have been. To lead a normal life away from the war, where death and morose faces wasn't the normal scene. I was extremely interested in the Australian Magical Academy. Apparently they were transported by a muggle looking ferries to an unplottable desert island. They didn't have separate houses but there was still a huge division between those that supported the Thundelarra Thunderers or the Woollongong Warriors, which were the two main teams in Australian Quidditch League. They had their own Quidditch matches based on the teams dominating in the school and they had five and he was in one of them. He was also very curious about Hogwarts and asked me a lot of questions. It was no wonder that when I looked outside it was already pretty dark, the conversation had been a lot of fun. Surprisingly. The casual flirty banter was something I had never done and he kept me on my toes. Someone not touched by the war, there was a strange lightness to it all and I realized that I didn't want to go back. It suddenly struck me that he'd masterfully distracted me every time my thoughts had strayed to my parents. 'I must head back now. Everyone must be worried sick.' He looked disappointed but nodded nonetheless. 'Thank you, I really did have fun.' We quietly walked out of the café and he accompanied me to the Apparition Point. 'ah-um ok it was nice meeting you. Um- goodbye.' I wanted to smack myself. But felt reassured because he seemed a little awkward himself. 'I want to meet you again,' he said in a rushed out way. I looked at him, shocked. He wanted to meet me again. 'I understand that I might be asking too much of you, considering all that's happening and the um-company you keep. But if you have the time, need a break, I don't know. I'm generally at Tony's (café) on Fridays so if you- I mean-' 'Yeh-no, I will. No- I mean, if its possible I might.' I could feel my cheeks burning. I wanted to kill myself. Really, the first guy who openly hits at you and I lose all common sense. But I wasn't the brightest witch for nothing. I knew the longer I stayed, the more of a fool I'll make of myself. 'I-anyway, bye.' I waved at him in a quick awkward way and apparated away. Like I said, I should kill myself. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- The night was silent again as Hermione apparated away. Stark stood still for a second and then turned around, only to come face to face with a cloaked wizard pointing his wand at his face. A/N: Hello, readers. I'm extremely sorry for leaving the story as it was. I didn't have much confidence and got busy with too many things. This is a new update. Please let me know if you liked it or not. I'll definitely make another update real soon.
A/N: Thank you for the support, Pinkcrazyness =) Hermione appeared outside the door of Andromeda's Place with a pop, heart feeling heavy again. I took a deep breath and opened the door, only to be whisked in by Molly. The Order Members were all present today, she recalled. 'Hermione, what took you so long? I was getting worried. Did you find your parents?' Molly asked as she handed Hermione a cookie. How had they found out? Were they spying on her activities? Did she have to answer to them for everything? She shook herself at the idiotic resentful thoughts. She wanted to shrink away from everyone's gazes. 'Uh- I- no. I couldn't locate them. It seems the charms I put to hide them are doing too well of a work.' I said with a grimace and tried to not look at Harry. 'Oh don't worry dear. We'll find them soon. Come, have some food. You must be starving.' I tried to smile at her. Mrs Weasley seemed to be doing better as time passed. It was another strategy meeting. Though Voldemort seemed to be lying low at the moment, there could be another attack anytime soon. They assigned some people on rotation to stay at Andromeda's and Harry was forced to stay here too. She sneaked a glance at Harry. Oh it was going to happen any second now. 'STOP TALKING AS IF I'M NOT HERE! WE ARE JUST WASTING TIME SITTING LIKE DUCKS HERE! WE NEED TO ATTACK RIGHT NOW. I NEED TO FACE-' I had gotten up to keep a hand on his shoulder and murmured, 'You can't take You-know-who's name, Harry. Remember the curse.' He shrugged off my hand, shut his eyes and took a deep breath. He had gotten much better at controlling himself, well, compared to before. 'We have no information, Harry. We are doing all that we can.' It was Remus who replied. I felt a shock seeing him there. This was the first time I was seeing him after the Battle at Hogwarts, where he had lost his wife. And suddenly, I looked down, blinking away the unbidden tears. Here I was, feeling alienated, when everyone here had lost someone dear to them. The Battle had already taken a lot and it was going to take more. Harry looked ashamed of himself for his outburst. He muttered a 'sorry'. He was an orphan too, she was just like him now. Alone, fighting a battle, losing people, fearful. 'Sorry for that, but I honestly feel like we are taking the wrong steps right now. We know more about his plans than ever. If we waste time by hiding, he will just get more time to plan ahead and strengthen himself. We need to attack, instead of defending after it's too late.' It made sense to her. In the last few days of the Battle, Harry had really grown into a leader. And she was abruptly reminded of that again. She wondered for the umpteenth time if she should just tell him. The secrets were poisoning her from the inside. I took a deep breath, 'I agree with Harry-' She heard a bang on her right. Molly had slammed the table with her hands, her face pale and sickly. 'We are not going to attack. That's just reckless', she hissed, 'I think we all need to calm down and think things through with a cool head. Think of what already happened.' She then burst into tears and stormed out of the room. Nobody dared speak another word after that. But I knew just be looking at Harry that he was nowhere done and that he was about to make the reckless move, Molly was just warning against. In the silence, her sleeping brain seemed to have woken up. I had gotten too preoccupied with the secrets and the thought of relief and my parents. I had stopped doing the one thing I was good at. Planning. I need to figure out a way of killing Voldemort without Harry having to sacrifice himself. The familiar feeling of wanting to hit the library rose up in me. I'll find the hope and if it was not there, I'll just manufacture it. I had to go to No. 12 Grimmauld Place. The place was calling me. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Everyone was dispersing. Ron and Remus were deep in conversation about something, however despite Ron's protests, Molly had dragged him away. It was just Harry, Remus, and I left. Andromeda had retired to her bed too. 'Everything is too uncertain everywhere. The magical community cannot live long like this. Everyone is fleeing from England. I agree that we need to take action. Did you have anything in mind, Harry?' asked Remus. ' I cant tell you the reason but we need to figure out where his snake is first. You-know-who is at Malfoy Manor but I am not sure about Nagini. If we could only find a way to confirm that. I highly doubt that he would part with her though.' After a long while in silence, Remus looked up and said, 'I'll do what I can, anyway I cant stay for long right now. I'll be in contact.' 'Wait- Remus! What have you been up to. Are you planning on disappearing again?!' Remus hesitated for a moment, 'I have been staying with a pack. Greyback is still lose and he is trying to pull as many as he can to his side. By being there, I have been keep everyone a little sane atleast.' He sighed and looked more tired than should be fair. 'I need to go back as soon as possible. The herd keeps moving. I'll just-', he swallowed, 'Ill just quickly meet Teddy.' We couldn't do anything but watch him go. 'I've been trying to get into his mind,' Harry mumbled, 'I'll find Nagini's location.' I stayed quiet. After a moment or two, Harry looked at me fully and frowned, 'Arent you gonna say anything? Like how its dangerous and how I should not do that?' I gave him a tired little smile, 'And have you ever listened to me? I learn.' He continued to look at me in a concerned way. It was beginning to irk me. 'You have been keeping secrets. Don't think that I haven't noticed. You lied today about your parents. Im worried. Why are you not telling me? What's going on, Hermione?!' I was in a run against time. Fear was consuming me. I knew that if Harry found out that Nagini was next to Voldemort, he would waste no time in rushing off to face him and the beast. I had to find a solution before that without Harry finding out. Later I wouldn't be able to tell if I did it out of slyness or need. 'My parents are dead, Harry. They're dead. And it wasn't even- wasn't even You-know-who. Just some muggle.' After admitting it. Feeling his warmth and comfort, I started laughing or crying, maybe both because Harry looked a little freaked when I finally came to my senses. I was in his arms and he had scratches on his arms. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Harry had insisted that he stay with me until I fell asleep, though sweet, was a pain. I patiently waited until he finally dozed off and quietly slipped out. I walked a fair distance to not alert anyone and apparated away to No. 12 Grimmauld Place. My wand raised, I slowly entered knowing that Dumbledore's ghost awaited me. But I almost got a heart attack when Kreacher came in front of me. He had been much kinder once we had given him Regulus' locket back. He even talked almost-politely with me. 'Harry Potter's Muggleborn Friend. May I bring you something to eat or drink?' he asked. 'Ah-no. that wont be necessary. I hope nobody has been here beside me?' 'No, Ms Granger.' I nodded relieved. After that, I scoured the Library for what seemed like hours. I had already once previously searched the library for information on horcruxes but I had to try. I could cry with the way the search was going. It had been futile before, but I had to try. Even Magick Most Evil had not proven useful which I already went through enough times to remember every single page. There was nothing. She didn't know when she had passed out during her search but she woke up with a start when she heard a loud bang at some distance. She got up with a start and scrambled for her wand. Was it just her imagination? She shook herself. All she had managed to do was read useless information on the Dark Arts. After she had gotten back. Harry had yelled at her and fussed over her like she had never seen him do before. Ron had somehow escaped Molly's clutches and come visit them too. They talked about everything. Her parents. And also, Lavender. After the Battle, we had found out that she had become a werewolf. Ron had been apparently taking updates from Remus about how she was doing the night before. She had decided to stay under his care as she figured out her new life. It was surprisingly nice. But only for a little while. Soon all the worries caught up with me again and just like that the week had flown by. The nights had been especially hard. Left to my own thoughts and feeling lost. The nights were most terrible indeed. It was Friday and I decided that I was going to visit Stark or I was going to lose my brains staying cooped up in this house. Harry had gone to Shell Cottage to take a break himself as he often did these days. He tried to make her tag along with him but she had firmly denied. Molly would try to keep them apart, Ginny would ask about Harry, everyone would be awkwardly trying to pretend that everything is normal. While Harry and Ron could escape that with the excuse of Quidditich, she couldn't. No, she had better things to do for a change. A/N: Hey guys! Hope you like this new chapter. Dark Hermione coming soon. I'll be updating after a week or so with a bunch of chapters in one go. I'm sure it must be a pain to read bit by bit. R&R! Feeling rusty but good, Banshee
A/N: Thankyou Samb1988 for your support! Hello, dear readers! I've been wanting to work on Unknown Consequences (my other story) but I decided to finish this first so that I get back some flow in my writing. I hope it doesn't seem too rushed. Its been a long time since I've read or written anything. Thank you for your patience. I hope I can deliver. I would appreciate any pointers you have for me to make this story more entertaining and legit. I peeked inside Tony's hoping to find him quickly. It felt like I was here for a bit of comic relief really, longing to let lose after the torturous nights and loneliness. I let out a breath of relief when I spotted him. He was sitting there seemingly reading a book, but you really never know with wizards, I snorted and quickly made my way over to him. How was he looking so smart and hot just sitting over there casually. I'm simply going to exploit the little crush I'm feeling for all the happy it can give me, I decided. Already feeling considerably relaxed and happy, I plopped down on the seat in front of him. 'Hey,' I said smiling. 'Hey, yourself. I'm surprised you showed up.' 'I….needed a break is all.' 'Pity,' he said quietly but I heard him and flushed a little. The inexperience was really showing and it made me both annoyed with myself and a little flustered. I excused myself to place my order, basically to keep face. 'So, what have you been up to the past week?' I asked after taking my seat again. 'Getting sun, playing lots of Quidditich and um – learning how to cook a little. IN MY DEFENSE, I just couldn't accept my friend, Sam, being able to make some good spaghetti. Actually, spaghetti at all. Period,' he said with a chuckle. I smirked, 'And? On a scale of Magic to Needing Defense Against Those Dark Arts, how good are you?' 'Are you kidding, it can make even muggles feel the magic. I'm practically the Spaghetti God now.' I giggled, 'When will I get to try it?' Merlin's saggy pants, said my inner voice uncannily sounding like Ron at the moment. I froze. But without missing a beat, he replied, 'Whenever the lady so desires.' Like I must've mentioned before, this one was a smooth talker and I was grateful. 'Actually, I also did another thing. I hope you won't get mad but I was curious! I kinda looked up England and the news. And if you don't mind…Can I ask you just one question?' I slowly nodded. 'is it true that you broke out of Gringotts on a dragon's back?!' he said in a rushed excited voice. I let out the breath I had been subconsciously holding and let out a bark of laughter at the unexpected question. He was such a...guy. A simple guy. 'Yes, its true,' I said. He stared at me with wide starry eyes and I could simply grin. 'Take a picture, it would last longer.' 'Sign it while we are it, wont you?!' he replied in a mock swooning way. I snickered, feeling fresh. 'Well, if I were perfectly honest. I was terrified. I don't actually enjoy flying all that much,' I said looking down. After a minute I realized that maybe I should have kept that bit a secret, I was talking to a Quidditch fanatic after all. When I looked up, he seemed to be contemplating something, 'What if I took you flying with me sometime? I'm sure that I can make you get over that fear of yours.' He said it so confidently that I was struck mute, remembering when he had made a similar promise just a week back –I'll make sure you have fun. And so he had delivered. 'I'll throw in the spaghetti too, ofcourse,' he said. In a brash move that I could later only blame on being raised with the Gryffindors, I replied, 'Sounds suspiciously like a date.' To my surprise, he got a slightly embarrassed look. 'I- no. I mean, if you wouldn't mind coz' you know, I don't really mind and.' After that he shut his mouth. Oh, I took my time replying, reveling in it all, 'I don't mind. Since you don't mind, of course,' I replied teasingly. He looked at me surprised and oh the honest blinding smile I got made the inner-teenager-as-if-going-through-puberty-for-the-first-time let out a girly squeal that I decided not to let out. After that we silently busied themselves with our respective drinks, glancing at each other with pink faces and looking away. It was the silliest, weirdest thing ever and it made her want to laugh…or melt. I didn't know which. After what seemed like a too short period, he broke the silence, 'Um-Jean. Another thing I realized though, was how dangerous it is back in England. I- is there anything I can do to help? I know I am very new to you but you can trust me.' I looked at his imploring eyes and looked away, contemplating and wondered if he could bring any dark text books for her. But immediately dismissing the idea, I replied, 'I'll let you know if ever I require any help.' He nodded with a sigh and lit up just as suddenly. 'Oh, talking about dragons. I almost forgot. Do you think that the dragon was an Antipodean Opaleye?! It was a little difficult to guess just from the picture but the mentioned characteristics sure matched with an Opaleye. It must have suffered a lot, they are supposed to look so beautiful. Actually, you just might re-encounter him here. They prefer the valleys of Australia,' he said, excitedly. I tried to recall what I had read in my fourth year for the Tri-wizard tournament. He might actually be right. He must be brilliant to be able to tell that just from a little bit of research, I thought admiringly. After that, hours flew considering he had hit on my favorite topic – repressed magical creatures. The more we talked, the more I realized how open minded he was, though his opinions could change a little regarding house elves. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and it was too soon when the night ended. We could have stayed there for many more hours, I could tell. But. I had to return or Andromeda would worry. I could only hope that Harry hadn't come back yet. We walked to the Apparition spot slowly, dragging our feet, trying to prolong our time together. We were so deep in our conversation that I almost jumped out of my skin when I heard a familiar voice behind me. 'Well, well Granger. Aren't you a carefree little mudblood?' It was Dolohov and atleast three Snatchers. I could make out Scabior as one of them. He had been one of the Snatchers to drag Harry, Ron and I to the Malfoy Manor. I grabbed Stark's hand and tried to Disapparate but to my horror, I realized that they had set up an anti-Apparation field. 'It's been a long time since the Department of Mystery. I wish Rowle was here to see this. It's a pity we didn't get to meet at the Battle at Hogwarts. I had to settle by killing whats-that-Metamorphmagus-bitch.' Anger raged against my survival instinct. Stark was trying to pull me behind him but we would both have to fight. It would be two against four if there weren't more Death Eaters waiting at the end of the lane. 'Stupefy!' I shot at Dolohov. Best to be quick while he chattered. He deflected it and it hit one of the Snatchers. After that it was series of blasts and shouts. They'd managed to take down two Snatchers when Dolohov shouted 'ICARCEROUS!' and successfully bound me and kicked away my fallen wand. 'Enough, boy,' Dolohov said, 'Drop your wand before I do something to your girlfriend. I'll give you one chance to walk away.' The blood pumped loudly in my ears and fear coursed through my veins. 'Stupefy!' Stark shouted which Dolohov easily deflected. 'Guess not,' Dolohov shrugged. And before I could even blink, a green jet of light shot out of his wand and hit Stark.
A/N: Thankyou lydi12 and darkest passion of love for your support! Fear and shock coursed through my veins. He's – he's…not even a part of this. He couldn't possibly be dead?! Why-how did he get involved in this….? She slowly rolled to her side to look at his fallen figure and to her horror, came face to face with him. His dark eyes blank. His cheerful face, expressionless. Drained of all life. Just a heap of bones and skin. Nothing left. She felt sick to her stomach. The ropes binding her felt too restrictive. It was her fault. She couldn't breathe. She heaved and heaved, to no avail. She wanted to tear the ropes off, she couldn't breathe! Tears leaked out of the sides of her eyes as a scream bubbled up in her throat. And so she screamed and screamed and shouted profanities at Dolohov. A deep hate filling her. She wanted his blood. She wanted him to pay. She wanted to torture him, she wanted him to scream. 'I'M GOING TO FUCKING KILL YOU! YOU HEAR ME?! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!' she shouted herself hoarse and she noticed through her tears a blurry Dolohov move and she lost consciousness. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Dark eyes. Mudblood. Shy smiling looks. Sounds suspiciously like a date. Wake her. I'll make sure you en- She felt something cold splash her in the face as she was jerked awake. She blinked to adjust her eyes to her surroundings as she started making out the room she was in. There was a fire lit behind her and Lucius Malfoy stood in front of her. A deep dread rose in her, after all, she had visited this place a few times in her nightmares too. She tried to think back if she had dropped her wand or- Stark! Oh. She froze in place, her eyes unseeing when suddenly a cold familiar voice whispered in her ear from behind her, 'Nobody's saving you this time, Mudblood.' Bellatrix. A deep shudder rocked Hermione's body. 'I had to pry away Dolohov's fingers away from you. After all, you are going to be my toy,' she said with a cackle. I didn't have my wand. Stark was dead. They are going to kill me after torturing me for information. Bellatrix grabbed her hair in a bunch and yanked, 'Remember this?' as she brandished the silver knife in front of her face with her other hand. Hermione tried not to jerk away from it as she slithered the knife along her neck. And just as suddenly she felt all pressure disappear and almost fell back. Bellatrix had stepped back and was walking in front of her. 'We have some time until the Dark Lord arrives. Let's play,' she said with heavy lidded eyes and maniac smile spreading on her face. 'Crucio.' Hermione tried to grit her mouth shut, but only for a second, as her senses caught up to her. Her body burned. Even though she had gone through this before, nothing could really prepare her for another round. A thousand knives stabbed at her everywhere. She couldn't see, couldn't hear, only the pain existed. She was burning from the inside. The pain seemed to drag on, she writhed on the floor, scratching herself trying to make it stop. Not realizing, tears leaked out of her eyes from the pain. Her nose started screams rang, going unheard by her own self. And then it stopped. Draco Malfoy was standing next to Bellatrix this time. Had he made her stop? She didn't know and she couldn't think as waves of painful tremors shook her body. She waited for the next round to start as she wrapped her arms around her knees in hopes of subduing the after-shocks. 'Oh nephew, you are good for something after all. I almost killed her, you know I have no patience with Mudblood scum. Of course, the Dark Lord wishes to see her in one piece. Of course, of course. Maybe, I should have Dolohov play with her instead.' If possible, Hermione felt even more fear than before but tried to school her features into a mask of indifference. She didn't want to do anything to excite Bellatrix to follow through with that. 'We don't have the time for that, Aunt Bella. He must be arriving any moment. I'll keep a watch on her, you can make preparations for his arrival.' 'DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO, FOOLISH BOY!' Bellatrix suddenly screamed. 'How dare you talk to my son like that?!' Another, presumably Narcissa's voice came from behind her. 'Cissy! You -' Suddenly, a snake slithered into the room and temperature noticeably dropped. Bellatrix immediately quieted and bowed down. Everyone did their, 'My Lord's and bowed. It was Voldemort and Snape. They were finally here. Snape. She shut her eyes as rage built in her. She had always defended that traitor. 'Ah, looks like we have a guest tonight, if it isn't Potter's Mudblood friend. Business first, though. Severus. The potion.' 'Yes, My Lord.' Snape took out a vial from his ever-black robes and headed towards her. This was unexpected. What were they trying to give her? She tried to ask, to beg but he just stared at her emotionlessly. She jerked away in a panic and thrashed out, only to have a stinging jinx hit her in the stomach. He held her nose and poured the potion down her throat. She choked but could only swallow in the end. She couldn't pinpoint the potion. Why? Why?! And then, he stepped back and she waited. Nothing. Nothing happened but Snape would never administer a dud potion, she doubted he could ever fail at potions. So what was it. The uncertainty of what was going through their minds felt more threatening than anything else at the moment. Then Voldemort glided towards her, his snake like features focused on her. It could all her Gryffindor courage not to flinch away. While she had understood the need for Harry to learn Occlumency, her own learning of the subject had taken the backburner. It needed to be taught, it took a lot to teach it to yourself and she just hadn't had that much time. But then she glanced at Snape. He had probably taught himself, she thought bitterly. She was familiar with the theory however. She wasn't called a Know-it-all by said Professor for no reason. She did her best to clear her mind and pull be shield as Voldemort grabbed her chin and and hissed, 'How pathetically powerlesssss you are. Leglimenss.' The shield shattered instantly against his formidable force as he tore through her memories forcibly. He saw her recent memories with Stark, some with Harry, she tried her best to keep thinking of Stark because she knew that their conversations won't have any sensitive information. It was all she could do at the moment. He gleaned much of what he could but she reckoned she had managed to hide the worst of it. Harry's secret. She had successfully managed to hide it. However the effort and the forceful intrusion had put too much strain on her mind and she cried out clutching her head as he retreated. Her temple throbbed, there was a dull roar in her ears and she promptly passed out. 'Enervate' Her tired mind screamed as she regained awareness yet again. She sobbed, when will they be done with her. She wanted to sleep and never wake up. She wanted to throw away her prized mind at the moment just to feel some semblance of peace and sanity. Voldemort was smiling cruelly at her. 'It seems no matter how much information you glean and stuff into your brain, you'll stay a weak little Mudblood, don't you agree? I can appreciate intelligence when I see it but its pitiful really. It didn't save you after all. On top of it you couldn't even save your companion. You shouldn't be a part of this war if you were this useless. It seems you need to be thrown off your high horse. The weak will only get trodden upon but I suppose being called the brightest witch of the age went up to your Mudblood head, didn't it? Don't make me laugh.' Bellatrix cackled in the background. The weak will only get trodden upon. Just like how I was being trodden upon at the moment, just how Stark was trodden upon. The words kept repeating themselves in her ears. The weak will only get trodden upon. She was weak. She couldn't run away from a few Death Eaters, she couldn't fight them and she couldn't even save him. She really was arrogant, playing like a fool in this war. Someone died directly because of her, someone who had nothing to do with this war, someone who would've probably lived a long life had it not been for her. She couldn't protect him. She can't protect anyone, let alone herself. She was weak. Utterly, pitifully weak. All the logic in her brain told her that at the moment there was no possible escape right now. Harry would have figured out a way to fight him, even in this situation, found a way out. He has always been like that. Ron would never lose his will or his sudden strokes of brilliance. He too would have been fine. But here she was. Defeated by her own logic. Defeated by Voldemort. Defeated by fucking-Dolohov! Frustration with herself and the misery of defeat drowned her. In her time of need, her knowledge really was useless. Pathetic. Weak. It echoed in her mind like a broken record. She looked at everyone around her. They didn't look ready to kill her yet, she shut her eyes. She wanted to die. After getting someone else killed so easily, did she even deserve to live? Suddenly, a voice came 'Obliviate,' her eyes flew open in rage. But just as immediately she settled down, confused. What was that just now? She couldn't answer herself. She felt like she was missing something important. She shook herself. All this was making her imagine things too now. After that she was thrown into a cellar, apparently Voldemort got bored of her. Were they going to try and trade with her, torture her more? She wished she weren't a virgin because. Well, because. She wished she had prepared for this possibility at the moment. In the cold dark cellars, with not even another prisoner there, she shivered and waited. For Harry? For death? She didn't know. She didn't know which one she wanted more at the moment either. As her consciousness faded, there was a whisper that rung clearly in her mind. Weak. A/N: R&R!
