We grow, grow, steady as the morning We grow, grow, older still We grow, grow, happy as a new dawn We grow, grow, older still i. The first Hogsmeade weekend goes about as well as Ginny could have hoped for, all things considered. Autumn is properly in the air, and a breeze flutters around the bottom of her jumper, lifting it slightly to expose the bare skin of her hip as she walks. Hermione walked down with Dean and Seamus this morning, but Ginny and Luna had been busy in the morning beginning work on the Quibbler, student edition. So they set off at noon, cozy jumpers on and chatting cheerfully as they go. "Filch was in a real mood this morning, wasn't he?" Ginny says. Her wand is held tightly in her hand, but she relaxes her grip the further down the path they walk, the closer they get to Hogsmeade. "Oh, yes. It was like he was stung by a Blibbering Humdinger, in a not very favourable place," Luna says, serene as ever. Ginny wonders what it would take to get her to shout. "Which, maybe he was. We do have an infestation at Hogwarts, you know." "Yes, maybe, but we also have an infestation of dickheads, and he's the leader of them all," Ginny says. She bumps her shoulder against Luna's, and they both giggle. Luna's wearing a set of neon green robes, which she's matched with pink earrings that have feathers dangling off them, and a long golden chain around her neck that's glinting in the dim autumnal sunshine. "It's a pretty necklace," Ginny says, after a moment or two of companionable silence. Luna lifts the pendant dangling off the necklace to show Ginny. She leans in to take a closer look. It's not a pendant, after all: it's a round, familiar looking coin. "The DA coin?" Ginny says, looking up and meeting Luna's eyes. "Yeah. It's nice, isn't it?" Luna says. Ginny feels suddenly, inexplicably, close to tears. She looks away, up at the sun for a moment until the burning in her eyes subsides. "Very nice," she says. "I can make you one, if you'd like," Luna offers. "That way you feel it right over your heart when there's a message." Ginny nods. She doesn't feel ready to talk, not quite yet. Sometimes she thinks Luna is the only one who truly understands how it feels to be back at Hogwarts with her. Neville isn't back with them, he's with the Aurors and Harry instead, and no one else truly understands. Luna never talks to her about the Carrows, or the Malfoys, or the Lestranges, or any of the that. And on the rare occasion that she does mention it, it's always calm and matter-of-fact. And she never probes Ginny to talk when she doesn't want to. "When are Quidditch tryouts?" Luna asks. "You won't be able to report if you're Quidditch Captain, will you?" "I suppose not. Who will you ask to report it, then?" Ginny wonders. "Tryouts are next Saturday." She's very much looking forward to Quidditch tryouts, to being back in the air, to have something to take her mind off everything around her. It's only been a couple of weeks since she's last played Quidditch, but she's been missing it every morning. "I don't know. We've got Anthony Goldstein doing the Ravenclaw tryouts," Luna says. Ginny thinks about it for a moment. "Maybe Demelza Robbins? She's a decent sort," she suggests. A sudden pang in her chest makes her skip a step and nearly stumble when she thinks of Colin Creevey. Ernest, wide-eyed Colin Creevey, who would probably have considered it an honour to be part of their publication, who would've taken pictures and written articles until his fingers were sore. She doesn't know what's gotten into her today. If she didn't know better, she would be looking around for Dementors. Her heart aches, as if there's some sort of heavy weight on it, and even though she feels better and lighter the further away from Hogwarts they are, it doesn't ease up. It's lunchtime by the time they reach Hogsmeade. The Three Broomsticks is crowded full of people, visible even from a distance. Ginny's relieved they don't have to go there; luckily, they've already made plans elsewhere. "Let's go to Ab's," she says. "Hermione and the others will be waiting for them there." Ginny's been going to Hogsmeade for several years now, but the Hog's Head has never changed in all that time. Neville's told her about how they used it last year, when the remaining members of the DA went into hiding in the Room of Requirement and needed food, how Aberforth Dumbledore came through for them. It seemed as good a place to meet up with the others today as any. For the first time that she can remember, the Hog's Head isn't vaguely abandoned-looking and abandoned looking. When she and Luna enter, she looks around. Immediately, she spots a table in the corner, half-hidden in the shadows. Ron and Hermione are sitting next to each other, Ron's arm wrapped around Hermione. Opposite them, Neville's sitting, sipping a Butterbeer and talking to— Harry. Who's next to Neville. He's got purple shadows under his eyes, and his beard's grown back in, a bit. His hair is even scruffier than usual, and his glasses are slipping down his nose as he gesticulates about something. "Oh, there they are," Luna says happily. She takes Ginny's elbow and tugs her towards the table. The others look up at them, and they all let out cheers of greeting. "Day drinking, I see. Always a good idea," Ginny says, slipping into the seat next to Harry. Harry turns to look at her, and his bright green eyes light up. "Hey," he says quietly. "Hey yourself," Ginny says and grabs his Firewhiskey, takes a small sip and wrinkles her nose. God, she's missed him. Once she's swallowed her drink, she grabs the collar of Harry's t-shirt and tugs on it, pulls him down, leans up to kiss him. He tastes like Firewhiskey and his lips are chapped against hers, but he rests his hand on the small of her back as he kisses her back and Ginny slowly starts to feel like things are right in the universe again. "Don't I get a greeting?" Ron says. His voice is teasing, and Ginny lifts her hand up to flip him off without pulling away from the kiss. Harry moves back after a minute, gives her the sort of soft, fond smile he reserves for her. "Hey," he says again. Ginny returns his smile with one of her own, and then turns to look at Ron. "Hello, Ron," she says with exaggerated sweetness, but her smile is genuine, despite everything. She has missed him. "Hey, Neville. I didn't know you were coming," she adds. "Oh, Luna wrote to me, said I should join all of you for the first Hogsmeade trip," Neville says. Luna's settled down next to him. "I thought it might be nice to see him," Luna says with a half-shrug. "Hi, Ron, and Harry. It's very nice to see you both again." "Hi, Luna," Ron says. "How's term been going so far?" "Oh, you know. It's been going alright," Luna says. "McGonagall pretends not to notice when she sees me in the Gryffindor common room, which is nice." "You really shouldn't be there, you know," Hermione says. Ginny resists the urge to roll her eyes, but with difficulty. Hermione's Head Girl streak rears its head at the strangest circumstances, honestly. "We survived a war, Hermione, I reckon we're past House rules now," she tells her. She feels Harry's arm wrap around her shoulder, his thumb rub at the faint scar on her shoulder. "Well, yes, but we're back at school now and we shouldn't act as if we're above the rules," Hermione says. She's got her worried face on. Ginny associates it with DA meetings and exam revision. "If McGonagall's alright with it, then I don't think you need to worry, babe," Ron says. Ginny slowly turns, meets Harry's eyes. Babe? She mouths to him, and Harry's lips twitch. "Anyway," Ron continues, impervious to their exchange, "have you heard from your parents?" Hermione nods. "Yeah, I've been writing to them. But… it's taking a while. They're still in Australia, owls take a while to reach and there's no other way for them to reach me at Hogwarts…" Ginny frowns. She knows that Hermione's parents intended to come back earlier in the summer, in August, but they've been finding one reason or another to postpone the move for the past couple of months. It's been weighing on her, Ginny knows. Sometimes, she hears Hermione crying in the nights. She never quite knows how to react. Ron seems to deal with it far better than she does. He holds her even tighter, his forehead rumpled up with lines as he frowns. "Do you know when they're coming back?" Harry asks. "They say they definitely want to be back for Christmas, but… I don't know," Hermione says. Her bottom lip trembles. "Well, if they're not there for Christmas, you can come stay with us," Ron says with a small smile. Hermione nods, seemingly cheered up by this. "What about me?" Ginny murmurs to Harry, once the other four are immersed in conversation about, of all things, Mimblus Mimbletonia. "You haven't invited me over to your flat to stay with you during the holidays yet." Harry chuckles, low. "Molly's already told me that me and Ron and George need to come stay at the Burrow during Christmas. Besides, since when do you need an invite?" Ginny considers. Fair enough. "Okay, but I'm coming to yours after Christmas." "Yeah?" Harry seems delighted. "George's clearing up the office in the flat and moving it downstairs, to a room off the shop. So me and Ron get our own rooms soon." "That's very convenient," Ginny says, flashes him a smile, "given all of the things I hope we get up to." "Mm. Would kill the mood to have your brother around," Harry agrees. "Yeah, wouldn't want him worrying about my virtue," Ginny says, rolling her eyes. "What about your virtue?" Ron says, tuning into their conversation. This time it's Harry's turn to roll his eyes. "Nothing," he says. "Let's get some more food, shall we?" "I think Robards is starting to trust me," Harry tells her. They're walking through the main street of Hogsmeade after lunch, just the both of them. His hand is soft and warm around hers, and it makes it easy to ignore the occasional glances passers-by give them. The cons of dating the saviour of the wizarding world and all of that. "Well, he would be an idiot not to," Ginny says, shrugging a shoulder. "You are the Chosen One. The Boy Who Lived. Witch Weekly's third most eligible bachelor, as per their latest issue—" "Alright, alright," Harry says. His cheeks are tinged with pink, but there's an amused twinkle in his eyes, glinting behind his slightly fogged-over glasses. "Who's the second and first most eligible bachelor, then?" he says. "Oh, that's your first objection? Not oh, no, I'm not a bachelor, I'm dating a very attractive redhead, I shall be writing to the magazine immediately to rectify this error?" Ginny says, affecting a Lockhart-esque accent. "Oh, I'm sorry. However dare they do this. Don't they know my life revolves around whether Witch Weekly knows I'm dating you?" Harry says, deadpan. "Of course. After all, what would your life be if you weren't concerned about that sort of thing?" Ginny says, nudging Harry's side with her elbow. "Exactly," Harry agrees. "I think my brother beat you in eligibility, by the way," Ginny says. They're walking close enough next to each other that she can feel Harry's shoulder shake next to her, as if he's holding back laughter. "Which one?" he says. "George. Ron's number four." "Should I be concerned about how well you know this list?" Harry asks, turning to grin at her. A small chuckle leaves Ginny. "Oh, shut up. Parvati subscribes to Witch Weekly. She showed me her copy in the dormitory yesterday." The seventh year girls' Gryffindor dormitory has been expanded to accommodate both Ginny's classmates and those girls in Hermione's year who chose to come back- namely, Hermione herself, and Parvati. "It's quite an interesting read, actually. I learnt a charm to curl my hair with my wand," she says. "Very useful," Harry agrees, leaning over to tug playfully at a strand of Ginny's hair. "Speaking of Parvati… How is Lavender doing, anyway? She was quite injured in the battle, wasn't she?" "Yeah, she was. Spent the summer at St. Mungo's. She's not well enough to come back to Hogwarts, but Parvati says she's doing better now, though. Needs to use a cane to get about, but I've heard she's very excited about bejewelling the cane, so I think she's making the most of a bad situation," Ginny says with a small smile. "You know what's odd? Her and Hermione are becoming quite good friends. They're always writing to each other." "Really? Even after everything that happened with Ron?" Harry asks, seemingly incredulous. "Well, I reckon the war's changed a lot. Do you know Parvati now wants to be a Healer? She spent most of the summer with Lavender at Mungo's, and now she's decided she wants to do that full-time. McGonagall seems quite proud of her," Ginny says with a smile. "That's… wow," Harry says. "That about sums it up, yeah," Ginny says. The war's changed all of them, she thinks. Somehow, there seem to be more important things than crushes and exes and all of that now. It feels quite odd, being back at school now, not really caring about all of the things that she thought she would care about. The other day, her and Dean spent an hour in the common room, trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle where the corner pieces tended to go invisible at the oddest moments. It was only after she went back to bed that night that she'd remembered that she and Dean had dated during her fifth year. It's all a blur sometimes. She and Dean are now just two Gryffindors doing their best to pretend it's a normal school year. She's just trying to pretend it's okay, being the only Weasley at school. She's used to Ron being there, and before that, George and… "What's it like?" Harry asks, as if he can read her mind. Maybe he can. Maybe it's another Chosen One power. Something to add to the myth of Harry Potter. Maybe that's what Rita Skeeter will be reporting next. The Chosen One: Chosen to Kill Voldemort, Now Chosen to Read Minds? Something like that. More witty. Or – knowing Rita – less witty, more accusatory. "Gin?" Harry asks after a moment. His voice is gentler than before, all note of teasing and mirth vanished. Ginny blinks rapidly a few times. And then again. "It's just… it's weird. Sometimes I forget he's dead." She only realises she's said it out loud when she hears Harry's soft intake of breath next to her. "I'll be talking to Luna about something, and then I'll think, oh I'll write to Fred and George about this, they'll think it's hilarious… and then it hits me all at once." Harry doesn't say anything. He doesn't need to. He's a soft, warm presence by her side, and she knows he won't hold any of this against her, won't think she's any weaker for admitting it. "When Sirius died," he finally says, after a moment of silence, "I only realised just how much I missed him when I realised I didn't have anyone to write to anymore." Ginny forces herself to take a deep breath. "I saw a first year the other day. Gryffindor. She came up to me because I'm Quidditch Captain. Said she was Muggleborn, she'd only learnt about the sport yesterday, and did I think she could try out anyway." Harry's soft laugh is a welcome noise next to her. "What did you tell her?" "I said she could try out, and she could come speak to me if she didn't get on the team. No reason she can't play for fun, right?" Ginny says. "Course, yeah," Harry agrees. "Anyway. It reminded me that all of it… Fred, Lupin and Tonks… all of it was kind of worth it, right? Now Priya Iyer, in first year, doesn't have to worry about Voldemort, doesn't have to think too much about all of the people who think she's lesser than just because of her parents…" "And Teddy won't have to think about it. When he goes to Hogwarts," Harry says, and turns to look at Ginny. She turns as well, meets his bright green eyes. She leans up onto her tiptoes, presses a soft kiss to his lips before she pulls back. "Yeah. Speaking of which, we should buy him a present. I don't want him to forget me while I'm here," she says, and laces her fingers with Harry's, squeezes his hand. "Zonko's do some pretty great toys. Besides, George told me to scope out the shop, see if it's worth Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes buying it over." "Yeah, he told me he was still considering it," Harry says, follows her as she leads the way over to Zonko's. "Do you think Teddy's old enough for a toy broomstick?" "He's only five months old, isn't he? Maybe not quite yet. He isn't even crawling yet," Ginny says thoughtfully. "Mm. Maybe for Christmas, then?" suggests Harry. Ginny thinks about the look on Andromeda's face if she saw Teddy, not even a year old yet, zooming around on a toy broomstick, just out of Kreacher's reach. She can't suppress a grin at the thought. "You know," she says, "I think it's an excellent idea." Somehow, they find themselves by the Shrieking Shack, after they finish all of their shopping. Ginny hadn't been aware of them walking here, not exactly, but it's quiet and nice out here, so it's as good a place as any. "When do you have to go back?" he asks her. She doesn't have to be back until the evening, and she tells him so. He uses his wand to conjure up a blanket, giving her a proud smile when he manages it on the first try, and spreads it out on the grass. "Lupin came here. Every month while he was in school," he says. She settles down on the blanket next to him, takes a sip of the hot chocolate she had bought at the Three Broomsticks just before they walked over. "I know, yeah," she says, and hands her drink to Harry. He takes a small sip of it, and she moves her hand to wipe the whipped cream off his lip. "And Snape… he died here. In that room," Harry says, pointing it out. "I saw it happen." "You... what do you mean? You never mentioned that," Ginny frowns. All of this time, all of the things they've said to each other, and there's still things she needs to learn about him. Sometimes, when she's in an uncharitable mood, she wonders if she'll ever get the full story. No, but that isn't fair. He's telling her now. He wraps his arm around her, lets her snuggle into his side as the afternoon disappears into the evening and a cold breeze flutters the ends of her hair. He tells her about Snape, about everything that he learnt about him, everything that he went through. By the time he's finished, the sun's about to set. She rests her head on his shoulder, takes his hand, plays with his fingers as he finishes the story. "And that's what convinced me to go face Voldemort," he says. His voice is hoarse from talking. His cheeks shine with tear tracks, and he's holding onto her hand tightly. She wonders if he's using her hand to anchor himself to reality. Maybe they both are, right now. "And that's when he killed you," she says. Both of them are speaking quietly, barely loud enough to be heard, softer than the breeze in the air and the grass. "Yeah." She rests her hand on his chest, over the scar she knows exists right over his heart. Another lightning bolt. "But he didn't." "No, he didn't." "Another massive fail for old Voldemort, then," she says. "The Prophet should rename you. The boy who refuses to die, no matter what." "Well," Harry says, and there's a wry tone of amusement in his voice. "I have been told that I can be quite stubborn, you know." "This feels like a breakthrough moment for you," says Ginny. They both start to laugh, and it feels like a spell being broken. The weight in her chest finally eases up. She feels almost as if someone's cast a Patronus or something. Merlin, she really has missed him. They're walking back towards the Three Broomsticks where she's meant to be meeting up with Hermione and Luna to go back when it happens. "It shouldn't be too long, maybe a week or so," Harry's saying. He's telling her about an upcoming trip away from London and the Ministry, how Robards wants the trainee Aurors to go to test their work in the field, away from their homes. "Right, yeah—" Ginny says. Right then, someone walks up to them. A tall, blond, and very conflicted-looking Malfoy. "Potter," he says, and then, as if only noticing Ginny, "and Weasley." Harry frowns. Ginny doesn't need to look at him to know that he's schooled his face into his inscrutable Auror look. "What is it, Malfoy?" he says. Malfoy hadn't been in school last year. Harry's filled her in on his experience at Malfoy Manor, how Malfoy had refused to identify him. How his mother had lied about him being alive and not given him away. She knows all about how Harry testified in defence of Draco and his mum during the trials last summer, how it's because of him that they weren't sentenced to life sentences in Azkaban and Draco was allowed to come back to school, under strict probation. That doesn't mean she trusts him, though. As far as she's concerned, just because he isn't on Voldemort's side doesn't mean he's on theirs. If there's anything her dad has taught her, it's that Malfoys only play for their own side. Always. She can feel Harry's fist clench around his wand next to her. He seems to feel the same way as her. "I need to talk to you," Malfoy tells him. Harry raises an eyebrow. "Why?" "For Merlin's sake, Potter," Malfoy snaps. Business as usual, then. "I just need a word." "If this is a thank you for him saving your arse last summer, Malfoy, then you're a bit late, don't you think?" Ginny can't resist saying. Malfoy looks at her, and his eyes narrow, as if he's about to say something cutting. And then, what's truly the most confusing thing about this whole thing happens. He composes himself and doesn't respond. He looks back at Harry, seems to compose himself. Takes a deep breath, and then says, with what seems like a great effort, "Potter. Please." Ginny's eyes go wide. Next to her, she hears Harry's sharp inhale of breath. "Okay," he says, and his voice is slightly softer now. "Alright. You can talk to us. Is it…" he trails off. Ginny suspects he doesn't know whether to ask Malfoy if he's alright or not. She feels that way, at any rate; she's not exactly used to caring about Malfoy's wellbeing. Not that she does, not exactly, but… something seems off. The fact that he's being polite is proof enough of that. "I'd appreciate it if it could be alone, I—" Malfoy cuts himself off at the sound of approaching footsteps. Ron and Hermione are walking towards them, and Ron steps to Harry's side instantly. "What is it, Malfoy?" he snaps at him. Hermione looks a bit pale, but slowly steps up to Ron's other side. There's a long moment of silence, that seems suspended in the air. And then, finally, Malfoy speaks. "Nothing," he says, and glances at Harry one final time. "Absolutely nothing. I'll leave you to it." With a weak approximation of his usual sneer, he walks away. "That was odd," Hermione says. "Well, he's an odd one, isn't he? Always has been," Ron says, but he and Harry exchange a look. Ginny brings her bottom lip into her mouth and nibbles at it. What the hell just happened? "We should really be going back, Ginny," Hermione says. "The last thing we need is a detention." Ginny exchanges a dark smile with Harry. "Somehow, I don't think I'm going to be that scared of detention this year," she says. "You can never be too sure," Hermione insists. "I'm Head Girl and you're Quidditch Captain, we need to set a good example. I'll see you soon," she tells Ron. She leans up on her tiptoes to kiss his cheek, and Ginny makes a show of glancing away. "Bye," she tells Harry. "Wait. Hang on a sec," Harry says, and takes her hand. She follows him a few steps away to relative privacy. "I got you this," he tells her, takes out a clumsily wrapped parcel from an inner pocket of his robes. "What is it?" she says. "Open it when you get back to Hogwarts, yeah?" Harry says. He leans down and kisses her, soft and slow. "I'll see you on your next Hogsmeade weekend." "What if you're on your week away with Robards then?" Ginny grumbles. Harry gives her a grin. "I'll sneak out," he promises. She knows he doesn't mean it, not really, but it makes her feel better just to hear it. She opens it, once she's back in the Gryffindor dormitory. Everyone else is still downstairs, in the Common Room, and it's just her here. It's a mirror. A little handheld mirror in a slightly rusted silver. She picks it up and looks at herself, a bit confused. She supposes it's pretty enough, as a present. She can see her face in it. Tired, dark-shadowed, freckled, brown eyes and red hair. She picks up the small piece of parchment that came with the mirror, and she's greeted by Harry's messy handwriting. Gin- Sirius gifted me a mirror like this in my fifth year. He and my dad used to have a set of two-way mirrors, they used it to talk to each other. All you have to do is tap it with my wand and say my name, and you'll be able to see me through the mirror I have. And it's the same for me. Kind of like the DA coins, but we'll be able to see each other's face. Kreacher found another set of mirrors in Grimmauld Place and gave them to me last week. I've been waiting to give it to you ever since. I miss you. Can't wait to see you. If Hermione's reading this over your shoulder, tell her hi. Harry. PS: Maybe consider Muffliato if you're using this in the dormitory. Just a thought. She read the note once, and then again, and then a third time to be sure. Her heartbeat's racing, she notes absentmindedly. She can see Harry. She can talk to him. She doesn't have to rely on Hermione's letter charm to get letters to him. She leans over, grabs her wand from where it's lying next to her by the pillow. She taps the mirror, and then says, "Harry." Will 'Harry' work? It probably won't, right? Being specific wouldn't hurt. "Harry Potter," she says. And then adds: "Harry James Potter." "Why are you saying my full name like that?" says a familiar, amused voice. Ginny looks down at the mirror. Instead of her own face, she sees Harry. Down to the pyjamas he's wearing and the stubble dotted along his cheek and jaw. She feels suddenly like crying. She spent most of the summer spending every night with Harry. Seeing him like this makes her miss him even more than she usually does. "Hi," she says. "Hey." "I can't believe you didn't tell me about this before." She makes herself comfortable, leans against the pillows. "Muffliato," she adds. "Oh, are the others around?" Harry asks. "No, but it never hurts to make sure, does it?" "Constant vigilance," Harry says. The corner of Ginny's mouth twitches. "Has anyone told you that your Moody impression is alarmingly accurate?" "Not as good as your Umbridge impression." "Hem, hem," Ginny says, and they both start to laugh. "So," she says, once both their laughter has died down, "What are you going to get up to tomorrow?" They fall into easy conversation; it's as good a way to end the day as any.
ii. "My sister says Harry's doing well," is the first thing Parvati Patil says to her when she comes downstairs to the common room. "Hmm?" Ginny says. She's sprawled out on her stomach, several pieces of parchment in front of her. Their first game is against Ravenclaw, and it's in two weeks' time. Not nearly long enough to train her team to perfection, the way she'd like to. She's been sketching out different strategies, but she doubts anyone would be able to understand her scrawls and messy notes but her. "Padma," Parvati says. "She's an Auror trainee with Harry and the others, you know." "Mm," Ginny grunts, and pulls another piece of parchment towards her. Does she have time to teach every member how to do a Wronksi Feint? Would that even be effective, though? Surely it would start to get predictable, if everyone had the same defensive manoeuvres… "Ginny," Parvati says. She's starting to sound quite irritated. Reluctantly, Ginny looks up. "Oh. Hi, Parvati." "Hi," Parvati says, tone short. "I was just saying that Padma says Harry's doing well." "Oh. Yes, of course. Why wouldn't he be?" Ginny says. "I don't know. I thought you'd be relieved to know, is all," Parvati says. Ginny's starting to be very confused about this whole conversation. "Oh. Er. Thanks, Parvati. That's good to know, I suppose. How is Padma?" she asks. She should've enjoyed the hour of free time she had this morning, should've known it wouldn't last and she'd be pulled back into social niceties and conversations and the world of other people. "She's alright," Parvati says. She delicately pulls a cushion off the sofa and sits down on it before pointing her wand at the fireplace. A fire starts up immediately. It's quite nice, actually. Ginny hadn't realised how chilly it was. Ginny nods. "That's good," she says. When Parvati doesn't say anything else, she looks back down at her parchment, dips her quill in ink and starts to write down another possibility for how to start tomorrow's practice. It takes a few moments before Parvati speaks up again. "Can I ask you something?" she says. Ginny puts her quill down and looks up. "Course," she nods. "When Ron went to Hogwarts and you were the only one at home," Parvati says, and she's speaking slowly, as if measuring every word, "did you feel lonely?" Ginny hadn't been expecting that. "Oh. A bit, yeah. Was just Mum and me at home. No one to play with or anything. I couldn't wait to get to school." Parvati nods, but she doesn't say anything else. The frown on her face hasn't faded at all. Ginny decides to just go for it. Hermione's much better at the emotional stuff than she is, but that doesn't mean she can't give it a go every now and then. "Do you miss Padma, then?" she asks. "Yeah," Parvati says, and lets out a sigh. "And Lavender. I wish she was here." "Are you going to visit her at Mungo's over the Christmas holidays?" Ginny asks. Parvati nods. "Of course. And I've been meeting with Professor Trelawney to keep her star chart up to date, so I can show her." "Oh, yeah," Ginny says. "Hermione mentioned you were… fond of astrology, and all of that." Hermione had put it far less kindly, but Ginny didn't think that needed mentioning at the moment. "Yeah. Lavender and I used to make our charts and do our predictions every week," Parvati says. "And we got Padma into it, too." Ginny thinks about it. She can recognise the look in Parvati's eyes. It's probably quite lonely, being here after a war without her best friend or her sister. She's suddenly reminded of her second year, when she didn't feel like she had anybody to talk to. Before she even realises it, she's talking. "Do you want to write a column for our magazine?" "What?" Parvati says. It's her turn to look confused. "Luna and I are putting together a student edition of the Quibbler. I'm doing a Quidditch column. Hermione says she wants to write about spellwork and Transfiguration. You could do an astrology column," Ginny suggests. "It's all above-board, unlike the DA. We meet every week. It'll be fun." "And you and Loony Lovegood are doing this?" Parvati says. Ginny glares. She's starting to regret her decision. "She's one of my best friends," she says coldly. Parvati hesitates. She looks genuinely remorseful, which is the only reason Ginny softens. "I… you know what? Yes. I'd love to. And… I'm sorry, about Luna. Calling her that, I mean." Ginny looks at Parvati for a long second and then nods. "Okay," she says, very much hoping that Parvati means it. They're just starting to be friends now, it would be quite a shame if she had to punch her. Later that day, Hermione coaxes Ginny out for a walk. "Let's go for a stroll," she says cheerfully. She's holding what seems fifty books and seventy scrolls of parchment. Her bushy hair's pulled up into a messy bun, and she's stuck a quill through it to keep it in place. "I'm working, though," Ginny protests. She thinks she's found the perfect training strategy, and now she's working on the first draft for an article for Luna's magazine, about her predictions for next year's World Cup. "We can work outside," Hermione says, like it's obvious. "I have to finish this essay, anyway, but I just thought some fresh air would be nice." Ginny considers, and then nods. "Okay." She stands up, putting her scrolls of parchment in her bag and lifting it up. "Let's go." Hermione's right: it is quite a nice day today. It's quite nippy, but the sun's out and Ginny can feel it on her skin. They settle down by a large tree near the lake. Ginny remembers sitting here with Hermione, and Ron and Harry, during her OWL revision, when Harry would kiss her on her study breaks, where she'd get distracted watching the sun play across Harry's dark skin, making his green eyes look even brighter. Hermione gets out her books and lays them out in front of her, and Ginny watches, fascinated despite herself at the intricate ritual it seems to be. "Did you ever think we'd be here?" she says suddenly. "Back at Hogwarts. As if nothing's happened?" Hermione doesn't answer for a moment. "I don't know," she says. "I… there were times, last year, where I thought we would be lucky if we survived at all." "I know what you mean," Ginny agrees. "It seemed kind of useless, right? To think about life afterwards?" Hermione nods. She tugs the quill out of her hair, and it comes tumbling down around her shoulders. "We've got meetings with Professor McGonagall next week," she says. "Do you know what you're going to tell her?" All the seventh years, whether new or returning, are meeting their Head of House over the course of the next week to talk about their future. Ginny knows exactly what she wants to do, but she feels singularly unprepared for the meeting. "I don't know," she finally says. "I kind of know what I want to do. After this. But I don't think you or Mum or McGonagall is going to be on my side…" Hermione furrows her eyebrows. "What is it?" "I want to play Quidditch," Ginny says, and sighs. "It's all I've ever wanted to do. The only things I've ever liked doing, growing up, is playing and writing in my journal. And the second one didn't work out so well for me, did it?" she chuckles, but her laughter fades when she sees the worried expression on Hermione's face. "But… Ginny, to play Quidditch professionally… it's not a very secure career option, is it?" Hermione says. She seems to be choosing her words carefully. Ginny bristles. "What are you going to do, then?" she says. "I'd like to work at the Ministry," says Hermione promptly. "In the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, if they'll have me. I've done the homework—" "Of course you have," Ginny mutters. "—and I've got the necessary qualifications. All of the NEWTs and everything. I think it's important to affect change from the inside, you know? It's like I told Andromeda, you have to be part of the change, especially now, when we're effectively rebuilding our society…" Ginny can't even be annoyed when Hermione's being as earnest as she is right now. "I know," she says. "I think you'll be brilliant at it, Hermione. Especially with all of the SPEW stuff. You'll fit right in." "Thank you," Hermione says with a shy smile. "I hope so. You know, it was because of their policies that Lupin found it so hard to get a job. I'd definitely like to help destigmatise that, make it easier for werewolves. Of course, Wolfsbane Potion would have to be mass-produced, and the cost would have to be subsidised by the Ministry, to make it easier on them…" Ginny listens carefully to Hermione. Despite herself, she's fascinated by how many plans Hermione's already made. "You're gonna be really good at it," she tells Hermione, and she means it. "Really." Hermione's cheeks flush, and she busies herself with taking out yet another book from her bag. "Let's hope McGonagall agrees with you," is all she says. Ginny's walking back to the common room after practice when she's stopped. Or, more accurately, she's tapped on the shoulder. She turns around, and is greeted with the uncomfortable-looking face of Draco Malfoy. "What?" she says, genuinely confused. Must she spend all of her life around Malfoy? It's certainly starting to seem that way. Malfoy clears his throat. Stands up a little straighter. "Weasley," he says. "Malfoy," she returns. "I was hoping you could tell me how I could reach Potter." His voice is clipped, but there's a bead of sweat on his forehead. "Is this about whatever you wanted to talk to him about at Hogsmeade?" she asks. She's sore in more places than she knew possible, and the last thing she needs is Malfoy. She thinks longingly of her four-poster bed in Gryffindor tower. "Well. Yes. Partially," says Malfoy. Ginny merely raises an eyebrow; she has absolutely no time to deal with his cryptic Slytherin bullshit. "I… I wished to apologise." Ginny thinks for a second that she's hallucinating. "What?" she says blankly. "To him. My… my mother believes that it's because of him that the both of us aren't in Azkaban," he says. It seems like the words are being wrenched out of him unwillingly. This is completely surreal. None of this is really happening. Of all the things Ginny pictured in her day, being spoken to by Malfoy, without him sneering or sending a few slurs her way, is not one of them. She draws herself up to her full height, takes a deep breath. "Your mother is correct," she tells him coldly. "I'm pretty sure you owe more people an apology than just Harry," she can't resist adding. Malfoy's eyes flash, but he doesn't respond to her provocation. "How do I reach him?" he asks. Ginny thinks about it for a second. "Write to him. Auror Headquarters, Ministry of Magic. And try to prevent all your Slytherin friends from torturing me or my friends. That'd be good, too." "They're not my friends," Malfoy says, very quietly. "Not until you need something from them next, they're not," Ginny says. "Good talk, Malfoy." She turns back around, flips her long hair over her shoulder, and walks away, back towards the safety of the tower. "He really wanted to apologise?" Harry says, through the mirror. Ginny nods. She props the mirror up against a pillow and gathers her hair in her hands, starting to braid it absentmindedly. "Yeah. Wanted to know how to reach you." "What did you say?" Harry asks. "Told him to write you at work. You probably wouldn't appreciate being annoyed at home, would you?" Ginny says. "I love you," Harry says, sounding relieved. "I know," Ginny says, and blows a kiss to Harry. "How's work going, anyway?" "It's alright," says Harry. Honestly, knowing Harry, 'alright' could mean incredible or absolutely awful or anything in between. "Yeah?" she says. "I took Teddy to work yesterday," he reports with a grin. "Andromeda got called into a sudden meeting at the Ministry, so she brought Teddy with her and dropped him off in the office with me and Ron." "What, really? Oh, I'm so jealous I missed that," Ginny says. Her eyes go soft thinking of tiny Teddy, causing all manner of hell in the office. Merlin, she wishes she could've seen it. "He slobbered all over Robards' paperwork," Harry says. "And Robards couldn't even say anything about it." "Why not?" asks Ginny. "Because as soon as he came up to Teddy, Teddy decided to change his hair colour to look just like Robards'." "He's a very smart baby," Ginny says approvingly. "The smartest," agrees Harry. "How are things over there?" "We've got the first match of the season coming up," Ginny says. "I'm really nervous. The Beaters we've got aren't half as good as Fred and George." "It'd be impossible to be as good as them," Harry says. "And our Seeker… I have hope for her. But… I don't know. She's never been on the team before, I hope the pressure doesn't get to her. I'd feel like a proper prat if we lose." It's all coming tumbling out of her now. "And we've got those career appointments with McGonagall coming up after the match, and I have no idea what to tell her. Can hardly tell her I want to play professionally if I can't even win a match, right?" Harry frowns. "Even if you lose, Gin, you'll be brilliant doing it. And you're smart, and talented. McGonagall knows that. She wouldn't have made you Quidditch Captain if she thought you weren't good" "You're just flattering me, Potter," she says, but she feels oddly better. "I mean it," Harry says, and then, "When is it?" "On Saturday. And the appointment with McGonagall is on the Monday after. So a little over a week away," Ginny says with a sigh. Harry thinks about it for a moment. "Ron and I can come to see you play, if you want," he offers. "We're not working next Saturday. And McGonagall will let us, I'm sure." Ginny raises her eyebrow. "The Chosen One, taking advantage of his status by getting special treatment to attend a school Quidditch match?" "Whatever would Rita Skeeter say?" Harry says dryly. Ginny grins. "Yeah," she says, and only then realises it doesn't make sense. "I mean… yeah. I want you to come. If you can." She feels better at the idea that Harry will be there. Not that she thinks anything will go wrong, but it'll be easier to stay calm if she pictures celebrating her win with him afterwards. "Then I'll be there," Harry promises. "Good. Okay. Thank you," Ginny says. Harry looks at her for a moment. "I remember what you said. About last year. That the Dementors took over the Quidditch Pitch." Ginny does her best to look unaffected. "Yeah. They did." Harry's frown deepens. "It'll be fine. Really. The Dementors are long gone. And I know how to use a Patronus, so." Ginny shrugs. Harry looks concerned, but all he says is, "Well, let's hope you won't have to use it." Ginny nods. She very much hopes so.
iii. In her dream, she's flying. Not on a broomstick, not exactly. She knows she's on a broomstick, but there's no reassuring handle to hold on to, no sound of the wind among the bristles of the broom. She's there. Flying on a broomstick without a broomstick, nothing to keep her safe. It's dark outside. She doesn't know where she is. She doesn't know how she got here. She's surrounded by blackness all around, an unnatural sort of dark. "Did you really think," says a voice, booming the way Voldemort's had during the Battle, "that you could escape me so easily, little girl?" "No—no. You're in Azkaban," Ginny says. She thinks she says it, anyway. It's very hard to know what she's saying out loud. She reaches out for something, something to anchor her to reality. "Am I? I didn't go anywhere, you filthy blood traitor…" The voice grows louder. Magnified with every word. "You are…" Ginny says, unsure. It grows cold suddenly. She shoves her hand up the sleeve of her robes, retrieves her wand from the holster attached to her wand. It's not real, it's not real, it's not real. It's not her. It's a Dementor. It has to be. Dementors on the Quidditch pitch. Not the first time it happened. "Expecto Patronum!" Instead of a shimmering white Patronus, what emerges from her wand is none other than Alecto Carrow. "No—no!" Alecto lunges towards her, gets her hands around her neck, somehow growing larger and more all-encompassing with every second. "I'm going to teach you what happens in my school," she snarls. Ginny tries to twist away, but Alecto's hands get tighter around her, and she can't breathe, she can't breathe… She awakes with a start. Her breaths are leaving her in short little pants, and she can feel her heart thumping, so loudly and so rapidly that it feels as if it's in her throat. She grabs her wand from beneath her pillow, sits up and runs her shaking hand through her hair. It's all sweaty, the way it usually is after dreams like that, "Lumos." Light floods the dormitory. Luckily, the others sleep through it. Which is good. She can't handle speaking to Hermione or Parvati or any of them right now. "It's okay. It'll be okay. You're okay," she murmurs to herself, keeps the chant up even as she stands up. "Accio." A set of robes come flying from her open trunk and land in her arms, along with some socks. She gets dressed as quickly as she can and walks downstairs, to the Common Room. The sun hasn't risen yet, but she can't fathom the thought of going back to sleep. Besides, it's the first Quidditch match of the season. Gryffindor against Ravenclaw. They can do this. She can do this. She just needs to pull herself together. It's only a nightmare. Besides, she's lived through worse. "And Gryffindor wins!" Luna's serene voice announces. "Three hundred and ten points to two hundred and twenty. Read the next issue of the Hogwarts Quibbler if you'd like to read the highlights, I haven't read the full issue yet but I'm sure it'll be delightful…" The wind whistles in Ginny's ears as she touches back down onto the ground. She dismounts her broom, staggering a little on her feet. They did it. First match of the season, first match she ever played as captain, and they won. "That was incredible, Ginny!" Seamus yells as he touches down next to her. He tugs her into a hug, and is soon joined by the other members of the team. "Don't—don't get too cocky. Still got loads to do," Ginny says, but her eyes feel bright and there's a warmth spreading through her body, down her spine, into the very tips of her feet. They've won. She was so worried… She looks up at the crowds. They all blur into each other. Excited, yelling faces. Except… She spots Harry and Ron, next to McGonagall and Hermione. They meet eyes, and even from the distance, she can see the unbelievably proud look on Harry's face. Ron's yelling, next to him, and he and Harry have their arms around each other's shoulders. "Let's go," someone says in her ear. Dean, probably. Or Seamus. One of the Chasers, at any rate. She feels a buzzing in her ear as she goes to the changing room. She knows she gives her team a pep talk, tells them how proud she is and how well they flew, points out room for improvement for next time, but she isn't sure what she says. It's the same in the shower, as well: she knows she gets clean, scrubs the mud off her, but if anyone asked her if she washed her arms or legs first, she'd have honestly no idea. Harry's waiting for her when she leaves the changing room. She isn't expecting it, but there he is. In a set of green robes. A shade of green that's an exact match to his shining eyes. "I'm here to congratulate Captain Weasley," he says, and Ginny feels like her entire body lights up in joy, even though that's not really possible. Before she can respond, Dean and Seamus step out. "Oh. Hey, Harry," Dean says, delighted, and he and Seamus go to greet him. "Great game, you two," Harry says with a grin. "Wasn't as great as Luna's commentary," Seamus says. "No, but I don't think most things could be, really," says Ginny. "Oh, for sure. She's great, isn't she?" Dean says with a fond smile. "Will you come to the common room for the celebration, Harry?" he adds. "I'm sure he and Gin will want some… alone time," Seamus says, waggling his eyebrows. Ginny flips him off, but he ignores it. "We'll see you both later, then," Dean says, shaking his head. He and Seamus leave, but Ginny doesn't make any move to follow them. "So," she tells Harry. He gives her a bright smile. "That was a brilliant game, honestly. When you got that third goal…" "I was so sure I'd fall to the ground," says Ginny ruefully. "But you didn't, it was incredible. And that fakeout with the Ravenclaw Beaters, where you swerved at the last minute so the Bludgers hit each other instead of you…" Ginny looks up at Harry as he gushes. She can feel the fondness running through her, and she feels lighter on her feet than she has in ages. Without thinking about it, she goes onto her tiptoes and kisses Harry, effectively interrupting his enthusiastic retelling of her sixth goal. He responds immediately, pulling her closer with such intensity that she might have laughed at him if she wasn't… otherwise occupied. She pulls back after a moment, or possible five minutes, maybe a month or so, and looks up at him and takes him in. She talks to him every night, she saw him at Hogsmeade the other day, but she feels almost panicked about it now. He's going back home tonight. They won't sleep in the same bed or wake each other up tomorrow morning or kiss until their lips are sore and laugh quietly in the dead of the night… She doesn't say any of that. Instead, she says, "You've shaved." "Oh. Yeah. Robards reckon I look more professional this way," Harry says, rolling his eyes. "Mm. I kind of miss the beard," she says, cupping Harry's cheek. It's surprisingly smooth under her hand. Unfamiliar terrain. "I'll grow it back, then," he says immediately, and he laughs. "Ginny!" She turns around at the sound of the voice, and Ron comes up to her, grinning widely. Hermione's following him, looking slightly breathless. "Ron, they probably want a moment alone—" she pants. "I gave you a five minute head start, mate, that was the deal," Ron tells Harry, before he's pulling Ginny into a hug. "You were great! You should've seen McGonagall, she was beside herself—" "Really?" Ginny says, grinning despite herself. "Oh, yeah. She told Flitwick she thinks Gryffindor'll get the Cup this year. Don't think we were meant to listen to that bit," Harry says. "You were really good, Ginny," Hermione says. She, and possibly only she, knows how worried Ginny's been about this. Ginny lets go of Ron, hugs Hermione tightly, and lets her brother, boyfriend, and best friend walk her back to the castle, laughing all the way. "Have a seat, Miss Weasley," says McGonagall. She's sitting behind her desk, hands folded down on top of an unfurled scroll of parchment. Ginny sits down. She takes a deep breath, tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear, more so she'll have something to do with her hand than anything else, really. McGonagall clears her throat. "So. Miss Weasley. Have you given any thought to your future? Ideally, you would have been thinking about it since your OWLs." Ginny hasn't slept well all week. When she's tired, she loses any filters she might have. And it's that reason, and that reason alone, that has her answering as honestly as she does. "Honestly, Professor, I've only been thinking about it the last few months. I spent most of last year convinced I wouldn't have a future." McGonagall looks at her through her glasses. Her frown eases up, and she pushes the tin of biscuits on her desk towards Ginny. Without another word, Ginny takes them. "Thanks," she mumbles. "Miss Weasley," McGonagall says. "You have had… a very tough year. We all have. But you…" If she didn't know better, Ginny would think McGonagall was about to cry. "We must move forwards," she finally says. "I, too, have experienced loss. And fear. But one… one moves on, Ginny." Ginny's eyes go wide when she realises McGonagall's use of her full name. "Yeah. I guess," Ginny says. "I… Hermione thinks I haven't planned my future well at all." "Oh?" McGonagall says. "I want to play Quidditch," Ginny blurts out. Her cheeks warm up, but she keeps going. "I want to play Quidditch, Professor, and I know every witch and wizard says that but I really do want to. It's all I've ever wanted. And… and I'm willing to work hard. And do whatever it takes, but… I can't settle. Not without giving it a go first. It doesn't seem fair, to not even try. And I know what Hermione, and my mum, and maybe even my dad, and definitely Percy… I know what they all think. That I'm not being realistic. But… well, life can be short, and I want to try." She's out of breath by the time she finishes speaking. She takes a small bite of the biscuit she took out of McGonagall's jar. She feels a bit light-headed. When she ventures a glance up at McGonagall, she's surprised to see that she's smiling, with no attempt to even hide it. "Ginny," McGonagall says, more gently than Ginny's ever heard it before, "I do not doubt your commitment to the game." "You don't?" Ginny says. "Of course not. I had no doubt in my mind that this would be a career option that would seem amenable to you." McGonagall suddenly gets a look in her eye, as if she's thinking about something very far away. "There was a time when I was very keen to play professionally. Unfortunately, an injury during my final year prevented that, but rest assured that I do not take lightly your ambition." "So… you think I can do it?" Ginny asks. This, all of this, seems too good to be true. McGonagall nods briskly. "Indeed. Towards the end of the Quidditch Season, we are visited by some scouts from various teams. The Holyhead Harpies, the Tutstill Tornadoes, Puddlemere United. Is there any team in specific you lean towards?" "The Harpies," says Ginny immediately. She's been supporting them for over ten years now. An all-female team that's made it to the top of the team several times… in her (objective) opinion, they're the absolute best. "I see. Well, I shall put in a word with Gwenog," McGonagall says, and gives Ginny a smile. "Their official tryouts are next year. During the Easter holidays. But it will be good if she sees you playing before that." She hands Ginny a stack of pamphlets, and Ginny takes them carefully. "Thank you," Ginny says. "So much. Professor… how come you're not telling me to do something more realistic?" McGonagall gives Ginny a surprisingly gentle smile. "Miss Weasley. After your first year, and what you endured last year, and what you proved capable of… I have learned not to doubt you." Hermione throws her book onto the floor. The dull thump echoes, and it gets Ginny's attention immediately. She looks up, raising her eyebrows at Hermione. Hermione's sitting on a cushion on the floor of the common room, by the fireplace. She hasn't spoken for the last half an hour, has been frowning down at her Transfiguration essay, and Ginny knows better to interrupt her when she's like this. She's been poring over her Charms textbook, amusing herself by making her quill levitate and do a little jig as she reads. At the sound of Hermione's book, though, Ginny lowers her wand, and the quill floats sadly to the ground. "What is it?" she asks Hermione. Hermione sighs. It's not her familiar I am stressed about academia sigh. It's heavier, and it gets Ginny concerned immediately. "Nothing," Hermione says, which is even more worrying. "I just… it's stupid." "Tell me anyway," Ginny suggests. "We can't fix it until you tell me, can we?" It's a gloomy November evening, and rain's been lashing against the windows all day. Ginny thinks it's the right weather for a heart-to-heart, all things considered. "I suppose I just… I miss Ron," Hermione finally says in a small voice. "I know it's silly, but I had almost gotten used to him teasing me while I revised." Ginny's suddenly reminded of an afternoon in her fourth year, where she'd shared Harry's Easter chocolate with him, and he'd told her about missing Sirius. "I don't think it's silly to miss him. He is your boyfriend, and all that," Ginny points out. Hermione's cheeks flush a little at the word boyfriend, the way they always do. "Besides," Ginny adds, "you more or less spent all of last year with him, didn't you?" Hermione seems to hesitate for the smallest second but then says, "Yes, I did," before Ginny can ask about it. "Right. Exactly," Ginny says. "Look, why don't you just talk to him?" "I have been," Hermione says. "I mean, not talking, but we write each other letters, and I'll see him during out next Hogsmeade weekend…" Ginny looks at Hermione for a second. Takes in the dark circles under her eyes, the slightly resigned, pinched expression on her face. "There may be another way," she says, very slowly. Hermione widens her eyes. "If you're suggesting the Floo, then I've already thought about it, but—" "Not the Floo," Ginny promises. "Something else." "What is it?" Hermione asks. She's starting to look hopeful. "Leave it to me," Ginny says. "Harry Potter." "You know," Harry says after a brief pause, smiling amusedly at her through the mirror, "you don't have to say my full name every time." Ginny disregards this. "Is Ron around?" Harry looks a bit confused, but he nods. "No, he's down at the shop with George. Why?" "Hermione's missing him. So I thought we'd let them use the mirrors for a bit," Ginny says with a little shrug. Harry's lips twitch in a smirk. "Hopefully they won't use it exactly like we did…" Ginny chuckles. "Well. Let's hope not. I'd never be able to look at the mirror the same way again." Harry laughs with her. "I'll get him, once he's back from the shop. He and Hermione can talk." "Good," Ginny says. "She'll probably want to talk to you, as well. In fact, I'm definitely about to be told off for not telling her about the mirrors all this time." "Why didn't you tell her?" Harry asks. Ginny thinks about it. Shrugs. "Don't know," she says. She doesn't know how to articulate that it felt special, something that just she and Harry shared, a little channel of communication that was just theirs, that belonged to absolutely no one else. She doesn't know how to explain it. She thinks maybe Harry understands. "I didn't tell Ron, either," he says. "You don't have to explain." Ginny's heard Hermione call Harry and Ron insensitive and out of touch with their feelings more times than she can remember – although, come to think of it, maybe it's just Ron she rants about – but she thinks sometimes that Harry's more in touch with her feelings than she is herself. She wonders if that's normal, wonders when she'll feel fully herself again. She clears her throat. She doesn't mean to say what she does, but it just slips out anyway. "I wish you were here." Harry's eyes go soft as he looks at her. "Just a few more weeks till the Christmas holidays," he says quietly. "Yeah, but—" Ginny pauses. Sits up, narrows her eyes at Harry. "The Christmas holidays? I thought we were meeting at Hogsmeade before that." Harry looks sheepish. Ginny groans. "Don't tell me. Top-secret Auror mission?" "Nothing secret about it," Harry says. "Proudfoot fucked up some paperwork, so Neville and I have been assigned to spend the next week re-interviewing all the suspects in his cases." "You know," says Ginny, "sometimes I think Proudfoot personally hates me." "Makes two of us," says Harry dryly. "Just a few more weeks till Christmas, then," Ginny says. She can get through it. She'll have to.
It feels like ages, but Christmas does finally come. Within the first week of December, Hogwarts is covered in festive decorations, tinsel and glittering fairies and wreaths and mistletoe and twelve Christmas trees in the Entrance Hall as always. It's the last day of term, and she's walking back to the Gryffindor common room after her last lesson for the day. It was Transfiguration, and McGonagall had requested her to stay back after class. When she had, McGonagall had leaned over her desk and looked at her for a long moment behind her square spectacles before speaking. "Miss Weasley," she said, "I have been informed that next Quidditch match is in February, just a few weeks after you return to term. And the match is to be attended by a few talent scouts from various teams. Nothing official, of course, as the tryouts are only held in April, but it wouldn't hurt to put in a little extra practice." She gave Ginny the sort of smile that Ginny did not associate with her at all. "Thanks, Professor," Ginny said with a bright smile. "Happy Christmas, Miss Weasley," McGonagall said, and gave her another smile before Ginny left. She thinks about that conversation now as she walks to the common room, humming A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love to herself and brainstorming different strategies for the first match of the term next year. It's going to be an important one, after all. She's too preoccupied to notice that she's bumping into someone until it happens. "What—" she splutters and then looks up. Her good mood abruptly, rapidly, recedes. Draco Malfoy stands in front of her, looking confused and unsure. To make things even worse, his face is lacking his characteristic sneer. What even is Draco Malfoy is he isn't sneering? Ginny doesn't know. "What," she says again. Malfoy doesn't say anything. She arches her eyebrows at him and then shakes her head. This definitely isn't worth ruining her mood over. She's just about to start walking again when he says, "Weasley, wait." She looks back up at him. Waits. "I, uh." Malfoy looks very uncomfortable. It's an odd look on his pale, pointed, annoying face. "Happy…" he trails off. "For Merlin's sake, Malfoy. Just say Happy Christmas and move on," Ginny says. At this point, she's as bemused as she is annoyed. She thinks being annoyed around Malfoy will always be her default. It's not like it's ever particularly difficult, in her defence. It's far more difficult not to be annoyed than to be annoyed. "Happy Christmas," Malfoy finally says. He seems to be in physical pain from saying it. Ginny can relate it; hearing it was hard enough. She recognises the words for what they are, though: Malfoy's twisted, awkward way of attempting to make peace. It's a post-war world and all of that. "Ginny?" a voice says, before she can answer. A familiar, concerned sounding voice. She half-turns to see Hermione striding up the corridor towards her. Her jaw is set and she's walking with more purpose than usual; Malfoy's effect, probably. Without thinking about it, Ginny slips her hand into Hermione's and gives it a light squeeze. She knows what Hermione went through at the Malfoys' and, awkward peace overtures aside, she doesn't trust Malfoy as far as she can throw him. "I was just going to the common room," she tells Hermione. Hermione nods, slowly. Then she looks at Malfoy, who – to Ginny's surprise – steps out of the way. "Happy Christmas, Granger," he mutters. And then, before any of them can say anything, he's walking down the corridor, away from them. "What were you talking to him about?" Hermione says. Distrustful. Ginny links her arm through Hermione's, and they start walking towards the common room. "He wanted to wish me happy holidays," she says. "What?" Hermione says, but all Ginny can do is shrug. She doesn't have much of an explanation, either. She, Hermione, Luna, and Parvati all sit together on the train back home, but she stays quiet for most of the journey. Which isn't very characteristic for her, but she feels overwhelmed in a way she can't explain. She's done it. She's gotten through a term at Hogwarts. No Death Eaters. No Carrows. No Snape. She thought it would be harder than it was, honestly. She's seen the careful way McGonagall and Flitwick and even Sprout look at her sometimes, when they think she's not noticing. The Carrow trial was open to the press. It was written about in the Daily Prophet. Probably in Witch Weekly and a thousand other publications, too. It's the worst from first-years, from young wizards and witches who don't know what it was like last year, who don't know what everything she and Luna and Neville and the rest of Dumbledore's army did was just survival. There was no bravery, no choice. And she wasn't even really there towards the end of it, was hiding at Aunt Muriel's with the rest of her family. Going home has her feeling tired. Bone-tired, the kind of tired where she doesn't want to move or talk or think. She hadn't realised how tired she is, how tiring it's been to keep powering through and put a brave face on it all the time. So she curls up on her seat, rests her head against the fogged-up window, closes her eyes, and drifts in and out of sleep as she listens to her friends talk around her. Hermione wakes her when they're nearly at King's Cross. "You should change, we're almost here," she says, not unkindly. Ginny nods, wipes some drool from the corner of her mouth, and gets up to change into Muggle clothes, old jeans and a Weasley jumper that she thinks used to belong to Bill. "Are you doing alright?" she asks Hermione before they get off the train. Luna and Parvati have already left the compartment, and she and Hermione are gathering together their trunks, so they have a minute alone, just the both of them. Caught up though she is in her odd melancholic mood, she's worried about Hermione, who's coming back to the Burrow with her since her parents are still in Australia. Hermione takes a second to consider, and when she speaks, her words are slow, measured. "I'm looking forward to spending some time with Ron and all of you. And Harry, of course," she says. "But… I really thought they would be back by now. I'm starting to think they might never want to come back to England." Impulsively, Ginny leans forward and gives her friend a hug. "I'm sorry," she says, pats Hermione's back before pulling back. Hermione gives her a teary smile. "It's alright. Let's just try to enjoy the holiday now, shall we?" Ginny nods, and follows Hermione off the train. Before she can process the crowds around her or look for familiar faces in the crowd, she's being pulled into a tight hug. She pulls back, and meets George's grinning face. "Hey, sis," he says. "Had a good term? Blow up anything? You have a reputation to live up to, you know." Ginny's laugh sounds watery to her own ears. "I gave it a go. Still haven't managed to send you a toilet seat, have I?" George rests his hand over his heart. "And here I was, wondering if you'd sent Harry the customary toilet seat instead of me." "Yeah, that'd be dead romantic," says a voice next to George, and Ginny turns to look at Harry, who's grinning at her over Hermione's head. "I'm saving it for Valentine's Day," she tells him. "You should send it to the Auror Office. I'd love for Robards to see me open a toilet seat," Harry says. "It'd be gift wrapped, of course," Ginny says. Ron, who's standing next to Harry, smirks at her and says, "With a customised poem, right?" "Oh, who can ever forget," George says, affecting a swoon. "Eyes as green as a fresh-pickled toad…" Ginny can feel her cheeks warm up, but all she does is flip off her brothers. She genuinely, honestly, hates them. Harry lets go of Hermione and then tells Ginny in a whisper, so only she can hear, "For what it's worth, it was a nice poem." "No, it really wasn't, you filthy liar. And we aren't ever discussing it," Ginny says, and leans up to kiss him in greeting. It only lasts a few seconds, because she can feel everyone around her stare at them. It probably doesn't help that next to her, Ron and Hermione are staging their own greeting, one that's far more passionate than hers and Harry's. "Teenagers," George says, rolling his eyes. "Hi, George," Hermione says with a sheepish smile. Her cheeks are flushed and she's looking far happier than she had a few moments ago. "Hello, Hermione," George says, and throws his arms around Ginny and Hermione's shoulders. "Come on, then. We've got enough time to stop at the Leaky Cauldron for a bit of liquid courage before going back home to face all the Weasleys at once." Ginny thinks of Bill and Charlie and Percy, all of whom are home for Christmas. Not to mention Fleur. "Yeah, a drink would be good," she agrees. "Wait. Wait. You're telling me you're going out with Angelina Johnson?" Ginny asks. She's not drunk, not really, but she's had a gin and tonic and then another and she feels loose, pleasantly relaxed. "No, of course not," George says, but he busies himself with his vodka and Gillywater, stirring it even though it really doesn't need it. "Bullshit," Ron says. His cheeks are flushed and he's on his third Firewhiskey. "She's at the flat all the time." "I'm allowed to have friends," George says. "Yeah, you seem quite friendly," Harry says. He, like Ginny, has grown more loose-limbed and relaxed, and he has his arm around her waist, keeping her close to him all the time. She quite likes it. "It's important to have friends with shared experiences," Hermione says seriously. "Thank you, Hermione," George says. Hermione's mouth twitches and then she adds, "Some of those shared experiences can be snogging, though." Ginny gapes. This is maybe the first time she's seen Hermione mock George, and she feels oddly proud. It's something of a rite of passage in their family, taking the piss out of each other. George seems to echo her sentiments, if the smile he gives Hermione is any indication. "Ronald, you've corrupted our Hermione Granger. Really, is this Head Girl behaviour?" he says. Ginny turns to muffle her giggles against Harry's shoulder. She can hear Ron respond to George, and Hermione's laughter, but she isn't focusing on any of it. She isn't focusing on anything at all, actually. She feels warm and happy, and she's back with her family. Things are good. "Malfoy says happy Christmas," Ginny tells Harry as she climbs into bed with him. By mutual, unspoken, agreement, Hermione's snuck her way up to Ron's bedroom, and Harry has joined her in her own. "You know, I feel like we're spending far too much time talking about Malfoy these days," Harry says thoughtfully. He's wearing his pyjama bottoms and not much else, and she traces the scar on his chest with the very tip of her finger as she thinks about it. "I never thought it'd come to this," she says, after a pause. "Exchanging pleasantries with Malfoy. Acting like the war never happened." "His dad's in Azkaban, he probably remembers the war very well," Harry mutters. Ginny thinks of the look on Lucius Malfoy's face at Diagon Alley, the way he slipped Riddle's journal in with her things. "Good," she says. "Robards is holding evaluation meetings with the team after New Year," Harry says. "Me and Ron and Neville and Padma and the others. Going to assess us on our progress." "Killing the Dark Lord would probably put you in the lead, right?" Ginny says. Harry grins. "He killed himself, for the record," he says, and Ginny rolls her eyes. She thinks she's going to hear that for the rest of her life, honestly. "If everything goes well, and we do everything we're meant to, we'll take the NEWTs at the end of the year," he tells her. "We'll have to come back to Hogwarts for it." "So what you're saying is that we'll be revising for NEWTs together?" Ginny says. "Well," Harry says, and then pauses. He takes a minute to formulate his thoughts, and then says, "I'll be taking the NEWTs. You'll probably be recruited for a team by then." "Don't be ridiculous," Ginny says. "I'm not being ridiculous," Harry says, and he sounds completely serious. "Gin, you're really, really fucking good. Maybe the best player at Hogwarts right now. Of course you're going to be recruited." Ginny's cheeks feel hot, blazing hot like the sun. He seems so calm, so completely sure of her. She's reasonably confident in her abilities, but it's easier to feel assured when she's with him, and he seems to confident that she'll get what she want, that she'll achieve the sort of wild dreams she's scared to even vocalise most of the time. "Well," is all she says, "either way I'll take my NEWTs. Wouldn't want my mum killing me, that would put quite the dampener on things." Harry chuckles, and strokes her hair. It's getting quite long, nearly at the bottom of her back now. She can't remember the last time she cut it. "What happens after?" he asks, so quietly that she has to strain her ears to hear him despite their proximity. "After what?" "After the NEWTs. After you're recruited to a team and I'm officially an Auror. What happens then?" Ginny thinks about it. "Well. You'll be a boring Ministry man, of course." "Of course," Harry says dryly. "And you'll be an international Quidditch superstar." "Course," she echoes, with a grin. "And you'll move out of George's flat." "I will?" he says. Her heart is going so fast that she feels it in her throat, and her palms feel oddly sweaty, but she looks him in the eye and says, "Well, it'll be a squeeze with all of us there, won't it? And I'll be living with you." The lines on Harry's forehead smooth out, and his eyes soften. "Right," he says, and then places his hand on the small of her back, tugs her in impossibly close. "Maybe a place in London," he says. "Or," she says, looking up at him, "in Wales. Near Holyhead." Harry doesn't say anything, but he leans down to kiss her, and when he pulls back, he says, "Or in Holyhead, yeah. I can always Apparate to work. Got my licence and everything now." "Oh, wow. Look at you. The Chosen One, got a formal licence and everything," Ginny teases, and she leans in to kiss him again, both of them laughing against each other's lips.
