Prologue Cecily Grant. At your service. Ordinary Sixth Year Gryffindor, Chaser of the Quidditch team and mediocre witch. Dreams of becoming the number one Healer anyone has ever seen (at least my parents think that's my dream) and having my first kiss before I bloody graduate. Don't I sound absolutely charming? Special? Note-worthy? No. And apparently the rest of the school agrees since I hardly get acknowledged by anyone outside of class...or year. We're a big school, of course no one knows everyone. But at least within one year... "OI, are you daydreaming again?" Marlene flicked my forehead. Oh well, I guess some did notice me. "It's not called daydreaming when I'm just trying to ignore your traditional boy rant in the morning," I teased, picking the sweet back up to munch on it. Marlene scoffed, "At least, I have boys to rant about." She flipped me off when I pressed my hand against my heart with an inaudible 'ouch', causing her to giggle. Yeah, I shouldn't be complaining about my life. I have an established friendship group, my grades are good enough to satisfy my parents and Hogwarts was an amazing school in general. Plus, I even had a hobby. Quidditch. Hah, take that. Nonetheless, the routine that my life had become was pretty boring, depressing even if I were to look at my boy's department. Or rather, lack of. I know I shouldn't identify myself through the boyfriends I had or had not, because I'm more than that (female empowerment, y'all!) but as a sixteen year old you are simply not able to resist the urge to want a male in your life and experience all that romantic ish. Especially when you see all your friends developing crushes. Not that I had never not developed a crush. I currently had more than one crush to be honest. But their crushes were actually two-sided and resulted in dates and relationships…well, Marlene's did at least. If Lily would only get as far as a second date until the bloke suddenly disappeared from Hogwarts (just kidding, they would just run away at first sight). Three guesses, whose fault that was. Anyways, back to me because at least in my story I want to be the protagonist. My crushes were never reciprocated even if I thought so at the beginning (Marlene's fault mostly), so I was left as probably the only Sixth Year in Gryffindor's history to have never been in a romantic relationship. And mind you, I don't have big expectations. I can't really in my position. I'm no Lily Evans with her shiny red hair and bright, emerald green eyes and neither a Marlene McKinnon with her tanned skin, hazelnut brown hair- I'm getting off topic again, which is me. I sighed. Not even in my thoughts I could keep the attention to myself, why would anyone else? … "She's not listening again," Marlene huffed, flicking my forehead. After that inner-monologue at breakfast, I headed off to the first class this morning; History of Magic. I had a distinct feeling I would continue with that monologue in class. No wonder, I failed that class in my O.W.L's. Meh, whatever. Since Lily and Marlene were closer friends than any of them with me, it was natural for them to sit together in every class, which caused me to slip into any free seat next to someone I usually never talk to. Joy. To my surprise, I saw a vacant seat next to Remus Lupin, who was still standing and taking his stuff out whilst his two friends Sirius Black and James Potter took over the seats behind them. Ah, now the infamous Marauders. Minus one that is mysteriously missing right now. But nonetheless, no one would dare split the four apart, knowing they are always together and always partnering in each class- "Hey Remus," I greeted the sandy-haired boy cheerfully, plopping on the seat next to him. I wasn't a Gryffindor for nothing. Remus gave me a surprised smile, seemingly not minding and I was sure as hell not going to ask. At least, he wasn't a total stranger. I was proud to say that every Sixth Year knew every Sixth Year within their house at least. And since I was on the Gryffindor team, I was known to him solely because of James Potter and Sirius Black, who were both players as well, the former even having been named Captain this year. "Hey Cecily, how you doing?" Remus asked politely, settling himself down. His skin looked paler than usual upon closer inspection and he looked positively exhausted. I took out a bar of chocolate I always kept in the pockets of my robes (for emergencies only, of course!) and offered him some. "Good, and you?" I asked as he gratefully accepted without question. He was used to me randomly offering him some. "Fine, had a bit of a restless night, but should be better tomorrow," he said quietly, which went mostly unheard when one rowdy Sirius hollered from back, "Oi, aren't you gonna offer some to us as well?" I glanced backwards at the two notorious troublemakers. "Um, no?" Sirius pouted and any ordinary girl would start to swoon at the sight. I'm ordinary, so I did. But years of practice taught me to only do it internally. And the amount of times I caught him with his tongue down another girl's throat was enough disgust to keep myself sane whilst resting my eyes on his unnatural beauty. I ain't kidding, really. He was handsome in ways that sometimes made me question whether he was a male-Veela. Those surely existed. Perfectly groomed, thick black hair, striking grey eyes, an annoyingly perfect nose and a jaw line that could cut someone in half. I am ashamed to admit there was a time where I would have gladly let him stomp on me if that would have made him acknowledge me. I mean, come on, who hadn't had a crush on him, male and female? I was convinced, James did and was just trying to cover it with his constant profession of love towards one Lily Evans. I shall explain in a minute but let's first get through my most important description of the next Marauder, who was unfortunately now my Captain. Unfortunate, because he already had been a nightmare in the last two years I had been on the team, constantly taking over the leader spot from the actual Captain to order us around, demanding more laps, longer practice hours until we were all bruised and frustrated enough to attempt a mutiny even though he wasn't even on charge. Imagine, how he was going to be now with the actual permission to order us around? I still have nightmares. Besides that, he was probably also the leader of the little Marauder gang, a dumb name for their tight-knit group of friends. I couldn't deny though I was a bit envious of their friendship and I could imagine many others were, too. Didn't change the fact that their gang name sounded stupid. Now, why I think James Potter is secretly crushing on his best mate (like every sane person would); I could hardly take his 'undying' love for Lily seriously, mainly because he had such ridiculous ways of professing his love for her that I doubted he was serious about it…or sirius. Heh. Anyways, he would probably be more believable if he weren't always so damn public about his declarations. That was also probably the reason why Lily was able to reject him all this time and call him an arrogant toe-rag in all her hateful rants. It didn't seem like she believed him. Otherwise it would be hard to resist him for years. I mean, he was handsome, smart if he wanted to be and a pretty good Quidditch player. The whole package, really. Merlin, I sounded like I had a crush on him, too. BUT. To be honest, everyone would have a crush on him as well as Sirius if he wasn't so 'devoted'. I mentally slapped myself. At this rate, I would crush on Frank Longbottom's toad. "I seriously need a boyfriend," I muttered to myself. "Hm, what was that?" Remus asked amused, chuckling quietly. Just then did I hear the complaints of the boys behind me. "Are we air?" "You siriusly going to ignore your Captain? That's ten extra laps this Thursday, Grant!" I just remembered why I could keep my crushes under control. At least when it came to these two. "Nothing," I muttered to Remus before turning over, raising an eyebrow at them, "What do you want?" "Respect." "Chocolate." "Sorry, I have neither for you two," I said with a shrug, turning back over whilst they spluttered. It was easy handling them after years of practice together. Besides these interactions at class and on the Quidditch field, we had no other kind of connection, which was good for my heart. But well, that would change quickly. "Why is Remus always getting chocolate and we don't?" Sirius complained after class as I packed up the rest of the bar along with other stuff (such as the piece of parchment and quill I didn't use at all for this lesson). Rolling my eyes, I offered him some. "No, I don't want it anymore." "Jeez, like a kid," I said loudly, "And for the record, I do it because Remus gives me his notes. Doesn't he?" I directed the question towards my seat partner with the most innocent smile. Remus Lupin with the gentle chuckle. He would probably be a heartthrob as well if it weren't for his quiet and introverted nature. In fact, all of the Marauders could be heartthrobs. Except Peter Pettigrew. Who was part of the gang for some reason. 'But even he is in a relationship right now,' I thought miserably, 'Probably off snogging his girlfriend and skipping class..' "Of course I do," Remus answered, charming his notes to double and handing me the copy. "Thanks, Remus!" I said cheerily, stuffing the notes into my bag before swinging it over and trudging past the protesting boys, "Hey, why don't we ever get your notes?!" I ran to catch up with Marlene and Lily, who were already on their way to Herbology. "Hey girls, wait up!" They startled into a stop, "Oh, right. Sorry Cecily, we should have waited for you," Lily said sweetly and I grimaced. I was probably the Peter Pettigrew in our little friendship group. Not that I could blame them. Lily and Marlene were both popular, extraordinary beauties and smart on top. I was the boring, ordinary looking and mediocre Peter that had nothing special to her name. But that would change. The days passed in a blur of classes, gossip and studying. The usual boring tirade, really. The only thing I looked forward to was food. And Quidditch. So, imagine my elation when Thursday came up…and the sour mood I got in when James actually demanded those extra ten laps, apparently being good at holding a grudge. "Keep it up, Chaser No. 2!" "Honestly, Potter," I huffed, coming to a stand in front of him, the only one still on the ground besides him as everyone was already up on their brooms. "It's Captain, Chaser No. 2." "Seriously? Chaser No. 2?" "Well, there are three Chasers. I have to tell them apart." "You have to tell them apart?" I snorted, "Potter, you know every player's name, family background, favourite team and player." "True, and the Montrose Magpies still suck." "They don't!" "They do!" "Still better than the Chudley Cannons!" "Take that back!" "Nope." "Ten more laps." I snorted again, mounting my broom. "As if." "Grant, you get back down here this instant!" "Who the hell is Grant? I'm Chaser No. 2," I yelled back, causing Sirius to bark a laugh as he heard. We started simulating a game with Team A against Team B for a while before mixing the players together. I rolled my eyes as Archie Stan knocked his shoulder against mine more roughly than necessary in an attempt to loosen my grip on the Quaffle. I wasn't born yesterday though, my grip tighter on the ball than a package of almond biscuits. "Good, Chaser No. 2!" James shouted as I threw the Quaffle through the loop, whooping exaggerately, "Wooo -oof!" I clutched my broomstick to regain my balance as Stan knocked against me from behind this time, the air leaving my lungs for a second at the unexpected hit. "Watch it, Sideline-Chaser No. 3!" "Not cool, bro!" Sirius and Frank booed, causing the Seventh Year boy to roll his eyes. "Alright, everyone. Good game today," James called out, wrapping up the practice. We all cheered in relief, flying towards the ground to stretch and loosen up. "Don't act like you didn't enjoy it!" Our captain stated cheekily, grinning broadly now that he left the Captain mode behind. The others grumbled under their breaths as we all made our way to the locker rooms. I rubbed my sore shoulder, the rough handling having left a bit of a mark. "You alright there, Grant?" James asked as I passed him by. "Yeah, just sore." "Stan is an idiot," James commented, looking after the boy in question, "He is still bitter about how you took over his spot on the A team." "His fault that he sucks," I muttered, causing the messy-haired boy to chuckle. "He doesn't suck. You are just better than him." "Wow, can't believe I'm hearing a compliment from the Captain that only knows how to motivate us with insults." He winked, catching me off guard, "Don't get used to it." I stared for a second at his smirk, wondering how he could pull that off without seeming arrogant like Sirius. Maybe it had to do with his unruly hair that gave him somewhat of a boyish, innocent look or maybe the warmth in his almond eyes that would turn into pure amber if the sun hit him in the face… 'I'm thinking way too much about this,' I thought, shaking myself out of it with a mental slap. "Evans!" he suddenly called out, causing me to flinch in surprise. His entire expression brightened tenfold as he spotted the red-head over my shoulder. I turned to see her trudging over along with Marlene and Alice Prewett, who was probably the sole reason why they were here in the first place as she always wanted to cheer for her boyfriend. "Glad to see you are here to support the Gryffindor team! Or did you just come to watch me in my natural element?" "Neither, Potter. Quidditch is useless," Lily commented harshly, and I winced slightly at the sharp tone she had solely reserved for him, watching how James' ego deflated along with his puffed-out chest. "Touché," he chuckled, almost choking on the word and I could practically see his inner battle between agreeing with the love of his life and defending his love for the game. "Excuse me, Quidditch isn't useless!" I protested indignantly. Lily just rolled her eyes good-naturedly as she walked past us with the other girls, who simply gave me small smiles in passing. I huffed. I really needed friends that supported this game. "One day…," James sighed blissfully, staring after them, "One day she will admit her love for me and we will be together forever." I shifted slightly, "Yeaaahhhh." He frowned, straightening up to his full height, "You don't think so?" Lie. Lie. Say everything else but what you really think, "I think you are in love with Sirius and trying to cover it up." I TOLD YOU TO- "W-what?" James spluttered and I snapped my head over my shoulder, "Yep, I'm coming!" I called back to the owl that flew past us in that moment, swiftly turning to walk away, "Bye Potter!" "Wait, hold up!" the dark-haired boy caught me by the hood of my uniform, successfully pulling me back and I grimaced, "What the bloody hell do you mean I'm in love with Padfoot?!" "Who isn't?" the boy in question asked, coming up towards after the quickest shower ever. I facepalmed in embarrassment as he walked over, ruffling his still wet hair. "I'm certainly not!" James exclaimed, shaking me slightly with his grip on my hood, "She thinks so!" "Oh?" Sirius raised an eyebrow at me, smirking in amusement, "I thought you were talking about her being in love with me." "You know you gonna catch a cold if you walk around with your hair wet in this weather," I pointed out, trying to change the subject. Not that I was actually in love with him but since I had a tiny crush and I was really bad at lying, I would probably blurt something out that would make them think I was. "Don't change the subject. Why the hell do you think I'm in love with Padfoot?" "Well, for one. You have a pet name for him," I pointed out. "For Moony and Wormtail, too! And they call him that, too!" "Maybe it's a group thing then," I said dismissively, trying to find a way out and finally hit the showers, crawl into my bed and die. The longest conversation with the two heartthrobs yet and it had to be about my thoughts on their relationships. "It's not!" Both James and Sirius denied. "Two negatives make one positive," I said with a grin. "Well, I wouldn't hold it against any of the blokes if they were in love with me," Sirius stated, flipping his hair and placing a hand on James' shoulder, "You can tell me, I won't judge." James shrugged him off, "Of course, I don't! I never did, I don't now and I'm never going to!" Then he paused, "You don't think anyone else thinks that?" Sirius shrugged and shook his head simultaneously, "Why would they?" "Yeah, why would they?" I agreed hastily, side-stepping discreetly in hopes of- "YOU think so? You tell me!" James demanded, blocking my way. I sighed, "I was just kidding." "You were not." I frowned, "How do you know?" James pinched his nose. "You don't think Evans thinks I'm in love with Padfoot, do you?" Shrugging, I leaned against my broomstick with a sigh, realising that this would take longer than I would like to, "How would I know?" "Because you are friends?" "Yeah, but I don't always listen when they talk about boy stuff." Mainly because I didn't always want to feel the green eyed monster crawling up whenever they talked about their dates or relationships or even drama. I wish I had some drama to talk about. "And why do you think I do?" James pressed. I blinked. "Do what?" "Love Padfoot!" James said loudly in exasperation, causing heads to turn as the other players slowly got out of the locker room, freshened up. "Is that your way of matchmaking, James?" Frank called out teasingly, "Shouting at the victim to love your best mate?" "Oi, what do you mean 'victim'?" Sirius shouted back as the others laughed around us. I went beet red. "This conversation is over, Potter," I decided, side-stepping him swiftly to walk towards the locker rooms. The girls looked at me questioningly, but I just shook my head as I walked into the warm room, James hot on my heels. "I'm serious, Grant. Why do you think I'm in love with Padfoot and not Evans? Does she think that? Is she doubting my love for her?" he fired one question after another as he followed me. "Well, maybe," I replied to his last question as I placed broomstick against the wall next to the girls' changing rooms door, stopping with a hand on the handle, "I mean, it would explain why she hasn't agreed to go out with you after your countless times of asking her." "How is asking someone out causing someone to doubt their love for them?" James asked incredulously as he proceeded to try and follow me inside the room. "Off limits, Potter!" I said sternly with half a foot inside the room as he stood right in front of me. "Captain here, Grant!" James retaliated, pushing me inside before half-closing the door to give me some privacy. I sighed, figuring that would be all I would get as I opened my locker. "Now, answer the question!" "Well, maybe it's just the way you are handling your 'love' for her," I mused as I changed, knowing he wouldn't stop pestering me unless I satisfied his curiousity. "What do you mean?" "You are being overbearing about it. Obnoxious," I explained, grinning at his childish scoff, "I mean, I would have believed you at some point after all these years, but your affections seem kind of…superficial, given the fact that you never tried to actually get to know her." "…How do you know all that? Did she tell you that?" I blushed. "Y-yeah, probably." I was glad he couldn't see my red face from lying. It was still better than telling him that I was mindlessly obsessing over my friend's relationships and boy dramas since I had none myself. Sighing, I stuffed my Quidditch robes into my sack before throwing it over my shoulder and heading towards the door. Unsurprisingly, James stood there still, an unusual thoughtful expression on his face. "So, you think I should get to know her more?" "I think you should leave her alone." "What? I can't-" "I mean, everything you try at this point will be fruitless because Lily won't believe you like she hasn't all the years before," I explained patiently, "It would be smarter to just lean back and be civil for a while, give her space to breathe instead of giving her yet another reason to complain how much of an arrogant toe-rag you are." James went quiet for a second and I wondered if I had imagined the slight flicker of hurt in his eyes at my words. "She really said that?" he asked softly and I mentally berated myself for throwing that in his face thoughtlessly. "Maybe not with those words…," I tried to deny but he saw right through it, sighing heavily as he ran a hand through his air. "…Be civil, eh?" I nodded whilst simultaneously wondering how I had suddenly become a relationship counsellor for my Quidditch Captain. "Be civil." Little did I know how this little conversation got the ball rolling towards the most unexpected direction. Comments are deeply appreciated.
Chapter 1 Now, the 'Be civil' part didn't seem to go through his thick skull. Ever since my assumptions about him faking his love for Lily to hide his crush on Sirius, he was more than adamant to prove his affections to her. It resulted in big bouquets of lilies and red roses dropped on her bagel by an owl at breakfast as well as sweets from Honeydukes at dinner that he got from who knows where since the first Hogsmeade weekend this year wasn't due until two weeks. This wasn't anything unusual since he had tried this ploy before but every single day…was a little much. He wasn't asking me though and I was glad being his counsellor was only a one-day thing despite the attention I got from Lily and Marlene because of it. As soon as I had arrived back into the dorms from the Quidditch field, they bombarded me with questions on what I talked about with the boys. "So, Potter was just asking about Lily again?" Marlene had inquired. "Yep." "And there is nothing going on between you and Sirius?" Lily continued. "Nope, not at all. Except wishful thinking maybe," I laughed to myself and they just sighed before going back to their own chatter. I became uninteresting as soon as I became interesting in their eyes. Though it was brought up after a week again when Lily came storming into Potions with pink glitter all over her hair. "Bloody Potter sent an enchanted cupid, who read me a bloody poem and sprinkled some pink shit over me!" she hissed under her breath and I startled at her unusual amount of curses in one sentence. "How on earth did he become even worse when you told him to be civil towards me?" she asked whilst Professor Slughorn went around to look over the potions. "Apparently he didn't take me siriusly," I replied, snickering to myself at the pun. Looking over at the boy in question a few rows behind us, he immediately straightened up and shot the red-haired beauty a wide, hopeful smile. It faltered though as she shot him a withering glare in return, snatching her head back around so fast a halo of pink glitter surrounded her. I watched him slump over his desk in disappointment, his eyes momentarily flickering over to mine. "Attention, class!" Slughorn called out after he finished looking through every cauldron and requesting a vial of each of our creations, "The date for the first Slug Club Party is set on the 23rd November. I'm telling you this early for I know how long some need to prepare for it," he winked good-naturedly and I made a face as a few girls giggled, already whispering among each other about dress robes, "The invitations will reach you throughout the week." "You going to attend?" Marlene asked Lily and I as we were usually the ones to be invited. And usually, Lily would be asked out even though she was the one with the invite and I would take Marlene as my 'date' since no one would go with me otherwise and she loved to dress up. "Yep." "Sure." "Evans, my beautiful flower!" James called out, jogging to catch up with our group as his friends trailed behind him. Lily groaned obnoxiously loud before turning over to face him, "Would you be-?" "No." "But-" "No." "Even-" "I said no, didn't I?" Lily snapped, already pissed off with the pink glitter that clashed horribly with her red hair and apparently wouldn't come off no matter what she tried. She grabbed him by the tie and pulled him face to face, "No matter how many times you are going to bloody ask, James Potter, I will never, ever, EVER go out with you in any shape or form. I'd rather die than be so much as associated with you!" I winced as her shriek resonated through the hall, catching the attention of more than a few. James – to his credit – kept his sappy grin steady even if his mouth corners twitched down in an attempt of a frown. His face dropped as soon as she turned around, whipping her hair against his face as she stormed off in a most impressive dramatic display she had managed to, yet. "Well, that blew up really fast," Marlene muttered, following her best friend. I nodded even though she couldn't see as I was left in the dust again. The messy-haired boy sighed heavily as everyone else went their way besides his friends. "She's never going to love me, is she?" he asked quietly as Sirius patted his back. I quietly stepped back to leave their private conversation, unbeknownst to the pair of eyes following me in deep thinking. Unsurprisingly, James Potter's ego healed as soon as humanly possible (perhaps even sooner) and he was back on his feet, chirpy and cheerful. I shook my head slightly as I watched him roar in laughter with Sirius over whatever down the table. He was still laughing even as Lily strutted past him to reach Marlene and I at the table, only stopping after she passed by to gaze at her longingly. Sirius knocked him off it with a slap against the back of his head, rolling his eyes in resignation. I snapped my head back down when James' eyes got closer in our direction as Lily sat down across from me and next to Marlene. "And here I thought he was finally listening to you after your speech yesterday," the brown-haired beauty muttered into her coffee cup as she glanced over at said boy, "Seems like he never will." "Well…," Lily rubbed her temple, pouring herself a cup of coffee, "He will have to at some point." "And you really never want to ever give him a chance?" I piped up, pondering on her harsh words from yesterday. "Never," Lily immediately confirmed without a care and I nodded. Poor James. A week passed and nothing further happened regarding the Lily-James-front. Which meant, he was most likely preparing a grand scheme, a great gesture, a way to ask her out, maybe to Hogsmeade. And no matter how much it sounded like I had no other hobbies - which I didn't - I was always trying to anticipate what it could be. Last time it was a huge firework after a Quidditch match won by Gryffindor, spelling out his infamous question to her. Which was, by the way, a disaster because half of the teams were still up in the air during the showdown...I had to grow back an eyebrow. So maybe I was obsessed with this because I was trying to protect my body hair. Yeah, sounded like a good excuse. But alas, nothing happened, another week passed, and the Friday came up. Yes, the Friday. Our first Quidditch match this year: Hufflepuff vs. Gryffindor. I barely managed to sleep last night, causing me to drown two cups of scalding hot coffee at breakfast with nothing else, not wanting to become sick due to the anxiety before the match. "You shouldn't always play on an empty stomach," Lily remarked as we made our way to Herbology with me constantly checking the watch to see how much longer until the game, "A Quidditch match could go for hours. What if you collapse due to lack of energy?" "Don't worry, Lils. I ate more than enough yesterday at dinner to prevent that," I said, hopping on my spot as we waited for Professor Sprout to show up, "And as future Healer, I would know what I'm doing, right?" Right. That reminded me that I had to ask Madam Promfrey later for an internship at the Hospital Wing. I had been strongly urged (or more like pushed) by my parents – who were both Healers at St. Mungo's Hospital – to start an internship since a year ago like they had done during their school time, stating it would grant me a big step ahead in the competition. Last year I at least had the excuse that I needed to study for the O.W.L.s and wouldn't have time for an internship, deliberately ignoring their argument that I still managed to play Quidditch. "True," Lily smiled, clearly approving of my future career. If that didn't remind me of my mom then I didn't know what would. If only she knew that all I wanted was to play for the Montrose Magpies. Sighing, I imagined myself among the team, clad in black and white as we soared to win yet another match. "All ready for the game, Grant?" James asked, clapping my back as he sauntered over with his groupies to settle next to us. "Yeah…," I nodded, slightly confused at his lack of acknowledgment of the two next to me. Well, not complete lack as he gave a short 'hey' to the general direction of Lily and Marlene but rather the…almost normal kind of acknowledgement towards the love of his life. And it seemed I wasn't the only one bewildered by this as even the rest of the Marauders and Marlene shot him strange looks, Lily being the only one to just ignore him and sigh in relief. I narrowed my eyes on the Captain. Something was wrong. "What are you planning?" I hissed at him under my breath as class began and we started working on the plants. "Hm? What do you mean?" James asked. "I mean, what are you planning this time with Lily? I swear to Merlin, if you start up another firework at the pitch, I'm gonna shoo-" "No, no. I won't do anything like that," James cut me off as Sirius snickered into his Venomous Tentacula, which almost bit his nose off. "That was bloody awesome, though," his black-haired best mate (and probably secret lover by now) commented, "Wouldn't mind another show like that." "No, thank you!" I swiftly disagreed, "I don't wanna lose another eyebrow." The class ended and History of Magic afterwards passed swiftly thankfully (because I slept through it, thanks for nothing, coffee) and I changed into my Quidditch robes, going through the tactics in my head during lunch without eating before heading down to the pitch. The weather seemed clear, no clouds in the sky and only slightly windy. I smiled; October was truly the best time to play, nothing to disturb a good match besides the sun in our eyes. "Alright folks," James called out for our attention in the locker room, "Not much to say as always. We trained for this, we will win this. Remember the Hufflepuff's strategy…" I only half-listened whilst he drilled each tactic and our counter-tactic into us once again, absently adjusting my gloves. 'Not much to say, my ass,' I thought as Madam Hooch shouted at us to finally get onto the grounds. One whistle and we were up. My feet barely left the ground when the first Bludger came for me, the Hufflepuff Beaters immediately raining them down on us. I frowned, shooting a confused look at Angie – Chaser No.1 – as she passed me the Quaffle. Usually, the Hufflepuffs didn't play this aggressively defensive. It was more of a balance between offense and defense, the defense consisting of the Chasers trying to block the opposing Chasers rather than the Beaters, who would be more focused on the adverse Seeker instead. This change made it harder to even reach the other side of the pitch when I had to look out for Bludgers and Chasers, ultimately causing me to lose hold of the Quaffle as Amos Diggory smashed against my side, surprisingly violent. "Sorry, Grant!" he called over his shoulder, already heading back in the other direction whilst I was left bewildered by this new tactic. We weren't trained for this. "Grant, focus on the game!" James yelled from somewhere above me and I quickly swerved my broomstick around to follow the yellow robes- "10 POINTS TO HUFFELPUFF!" the commentator shouted into his mic and roar of cheers erupted from the left side of the stands. I cursed under my breath, gesturing for Fynn – Chaser No. 3 – to pass the Quaffle and we swiftly shot towards the other side with him below and Angie next to me whilst Sirius and Frank controlled the Bludgers. Though one got quickly intercepted by a Hufflepuff Beater, who made the surprising move of hitting the ball towards Frank, causing his aim to be off as he had to dodge last minute. Gritting my teeth, I focused on the Hufflepuff Keeper, wondering what else had been changed in their defense. "Do it the way we practiced!" I heard James shout from somewhere as if he could hear my thoughts, also shouting orders towards the other players, frantically trying to re-organise the team. I feinted a throw towards Angie, causing the Keeper to redirect towards her and give me free way for the hoop on the far left. "10 POINTS TO GRYFFINDOR!" We didn't have any time to breathe though, the Hufflepuffs working relentlessly like the hard workers they were, catching us off guard in ways I would expect a Slytherin player do. One particular Bludger hit Fynn hard in the stomach and he raised his hand, the other clutched around his abdomen with a painful expression as he dropped onto the ground and promptly retched until his breakfast came out. A collective "ew" resounded through the stands but I couldn't help but sigh in relief when Madam Hooch whistled the blow for a time-out. "They completely changed their tactic!" Sirius exclaimed as James walked towards us after checking on Fynn, "Bloody playing like Slytherins, they are!" "Well, they won the Cup last year with their tactic, didn't they?" I puffed out, leaning against my broom. James pinched his nose in frustration, slightly raising his rounded glasses. "Well, then we have to change our tactic, too." "We can't just change it mid-game. It will lose us points and we are already far behind them!" Sirius protested, wildly gesturing towards the score: 80 to 20 for Hufflepuff. I grimaced at it, feeling a surge of shame at the only two goals we had made so far. "We just need to get the Snitch as soon as possible!" "I've had it spotted but Hooch blew the whistle by then," James replied, clenching his fist in anger. "I could score more goals, but I need either the Bludgers or the Chasers off my back. Both are too much cover," I said, "It's like they all at once attack whoever has the bloody Quaffle." James bit his lip, staring off as Madam Hooch announced a penalty shot for Gryffindor after making sure Fynn was back on his feet to play. "We don't have to change our entire tactic," he said slowly before nodding to himself, "Sirius, you and Frank block the other Beaters from hitting the Bludger. Just hit them away as far as you can, not towards any Chaser. They will be too close to our Chasers to have a clear line of fire." Sirius looked at him uncertainly but nodded, going off to tell Frank. "You think that's a good idea?" "It's the only thing we can do right now," James stated, placing his hands on my shoulders, "Now listen. Remember the way we played against Slytherin last year? The passing around to throw them off?" "You mean, the A-C-F-C-A-F-F-C-A tactic?" "Exactly." "Alright…," I nodded, feeling as uncertain as Sirius did whilst we mounted our broomsticks again. "And you better score that penalty!" the Captain commanded before flying up, already back to searching the ground for the Snitch. I quickly told Angie and Fynn of the change of plans before I flew over towards the the opposing hoops, taking the Quaffle from Hooch and easily scoring against the Keeper. He was by far the weakest point of the Hufflepuff team this year. After the break, the game took a turn in our favour. James' new tactic not only threw off the Hufflepuff Beaters but we also managed to confuse the Chasers with the swift passing of the Quaffle between the three of us. "AND IT'S ANOTHER 10 POINTS FOR GRYFFINDOR! MY MY, THEY ARE COMING BACK FASTER THAN THE NIMBUS 1000!" the commentator exclaimed as the score showed 80 to 60 by now. "AND POTTER HAS SPOTTED THE SNITCH! HE IS DIVING DOWN TOWARDS THE GROUND WITH A MIGHTY SPEEd BUT ANDERSON IS RIGHT WITH HIM, NOW SHOULDER TO SHOULDER! WHO WILL BE ABLE TO CATCH THE SNITCH BEFORE EATING MUD!? MERLIN, THEY ARE STILL GOING AND THE GROUND IS COMING CLOSER AND CLOSER, I CAN'T LOOK!" I snapped my head around as the commentator stopped talking just in time to see James avoid hitting the ground merely inches away, his fist raised up with the tiny wings of the Snitch peeking out from under his fingers. "AND POTTER CATCHES SNITCH! GRYFFINDOR WINS!" All the tension left my body at the announcement and I heaved out a huge sigh of relief as I watched Sirius crash against his best mate, whooping loudly but not loud enough to drown out the cheers from the Gryffindors on the stands. "We did it!" Frank yelled, gathering us in a group hug and I was smashed between leather and smell of sweat, barely managing to wound my arms around whoever was next to me at the tight space until Archie threw himself over all of us, successfully disrupting the hug. "Well done, Grant," James commented, holding my shoulder, "You just saved yourself some extra laps during our next training." "Wow, thank you, oh generous Captain," I drawled, pushing him off as he tugged on my ponytail before turning to the next player to give his review to. Sighing blissfully, I took a quick warm shower before heading back towards the castle with the rest of the members for dinner, shovelling down probably half of what was on the table in hunger and blissfully ignoring Lily's, Marlene's and a few others expressions of mild disgust. "Do you even breathe between the bites?" Lily joked, nipping on her bread. "Yep," I said muffled by the fries in my mouth, breathing in deeply through my nose. "Ew, stop that," Marlene commanded, "And you don't need to eat that much. We will have snacks at the party later." Ah yes, the mighty afterparty in the Gryffindor Common Room after a Quidditch match was known throughout all Houses with other students attending them as well secretly (even Slytherins sometimes unless we had won against them). It would go well into the night until McGonagall would end it, which she usually didn't bother to if the next day was free. And this time, the next day would fortunately be a Saturday. "That reminds me," I swallowed quickly with the help of pumpkin juice, "I should talk to Madam Pomfrey about the internship before the party." "Good luck," the two girls called after me. "Hey, Grant. Already done with eating? I thought you wouldn't stop for another hour," Frank called after me teasingly from beside Sirius, and I flipped him off over my shoulder, knowing he didn't mean any harm. He probably couldn't even hurt a fly, which made it all the more surprising why he was a Beater in the first place. I was off towards the Hospital Wing as Frank leaned back forward on his elbows with a chuckle, sipping on his pumpkin juice. "Y'all ready for the party later?" "Sure, mate. Always," Sirius said, grinning wolfishly as he stared after a pair of giggling girls, "I already have my party in sight." Remus rolled his eyes good-naturedly. "You can't keep it in your pants for one party, can you Padfoot?" James laughed, taking another bite of his chicken. "What about you, Prongs? Gonna make a move on Evans tonight?" Sirius shot back amused. James shook his head. "Nah, not tonight." Frank's eyebrows rose in surprise, "What? You are not going to make a move on her for once?" He looked between him and his three closest friends, who were staring at their messy-haired mate in slight bemusement. "Nope," James replied with an extra pop on the 'p'. Sirius leaned forward, "You haven't been trying to get her to go out with you for quite a while now and Hogsmeade is coming up tomorrow! What's up with you?" "I just think, that I need to lay back for a while," James muttered into his cup, "Give her space. Be civil." "Is it about what Grant said to you? That you are in love with Padfoot?" Remus said with a quiet chuckle, causing Frank to choke on his food. "What?!" Sirius barked out a laugh as James glared at him, "Grant thought that Prongsie here has a secret crush on me and was trying to hide it by asking Evans out all the time." "Ah…," Frank nodded, "Makes sense." "No, it doesn't!" James near shouted before regaining his composure, "And it's not about that. Nevermind what Grant thought, what she said makes sense. Everything I've tried in the last year hasn't gotten me any closer towards Evans. I need to change tactics. And backing off seems like a good thing to do so if I were to try something next time, she would maybe take me seriously for once." He sighed miserably, adjusting his glasses that had slipped off slightly during his speech. Remus patted his shoulder, "I think you are heading in the right, mature direction…the direction that I've been telling you to go for two years now and you never listened." "Thanks, Moony," James grinned toothily, causing the sandy-haired boy to sigh in resignation albeit with a tiny smile of his own. Meanwhile at the Hospital Wing… "Come on!" "No." "Please!" "No." "Just two weeks would be enough!" "I said no." "Oh, thank Merlin, two weeks are nothing," I sighed in relief. Madam Pomfrey rolled her eyes as she went to the next bed that occupied a First Year with an allergic reaction. I quickly followed after her, "I don't understand why you are not allowing any interns here anymore. My parents both had an internship here before and I know you had some, too. Ever since my First Year, you suddenly stopped taking anyone under your wing." The matron tensed slightly at my words before she bristled slightly, "Whether I wish to take interns in or not is none of your business." "But I just wanna know why?" I begged, "I at least need a reason to tell my parents. Is it because of my grades? Or because I hexed that Ravenclaw boy to largen his nose back in Third Year?" "That was you?!" "…No. Pff, 'course not." Madam Pomfrey sighed, "The answer is no. Tell your parents, I have no need nor the time for an intern right now." "But-" "Now, out with you. I'm busy," she waved me off. "I could help." "Miss Grant!" "Alright, alright. I'm off," I relented, turning away with a disappointed (and loud) sigh. It didn't help my case as she deftly shut the door of the Hospital Wing behind me with a flick of her wand. I headed back towards the common room with a miserable pout, almost overhearing the great sound of music coming from behind the portrait as I thought about what to write to my parents. Inside the Common Room the party was already in full swing even though it must have started only an hour ago and I was only mildly surprised at the amount of people already there, drinking whatever was served. I joined Alice on the couch next to the fire, taking off my school robe at the warmth and giving her and Frank next to her a tiny smile. "How did it go with Madam Pomfrey?" Alice asked, probably having heard from Lily about my plans. "Not well," I sighed, "Said she's too busy for interns right now." "That sucks," Alice said, patting my knee, "But you don't need it anyway. You will work in St. Mungo's as a Healer before you know it." I smiled at her sweet way, wondering how she was able to lighten up someone's mood with just a few simple words. Taking the offered drink Frank got for the three for us we made a toast on Quidditch and Gryffindor. "So anything exciting happened here while I was gone?" "Not much," Alice shrugged whilst Frank chatted with a Seventh Year about the match, "Just Marlene is flirting with Archie over at the snack table." I scrunched up my face at that. "Archie Stan? Really?" The petite girl next to me chuckled, "Just because you two are rivals on the team doesn't mean he is not eye-candy." "I don't know what you mean," I said, pretending to be clueless. Archie Stan would forever remain ugly to me. "Oh please, he is almost as good looking as Sirius and that's saying something." "Mhm," I nodded, pretending to agree but she saw right through me, slapping my knee with a laugh. Apparently, I couldn't lie to anyone. "Where is Black anyways? Already off snogging someone?" I asked, letting my eyes roam around the room. "You got that right. Some Huffelpuff girl from Fifth Year. I don't know who that was, though." "What a traitor," I said, "And Sirius is fraternising with the opposite team, I see how it is." "Can you leave Quidditch on the pitch? The game is over," Lily dove into the conversation as she dropped herself on the armchair next to us. "The game is never over," I remarked solemnly, causing her to roll her eyes, "How did it go with Madam Pomfrey?" "Sucked. She doesn't want any interns," I said gloomily and she gave me a sympathetic look, "Try some other day. Maybe she was just in a bad mood." "Oh, I will. Can't have my parents breathing down my neck forever now." "You know they are just looking out for you…" "I knooow," I said exasperatedly, and she gave me a reprimanding look, "It's just too much sometimes." All the time, to be frank. "I see Marlene leaving the room," Alice cut in, thankfully changing the subject, "Seems like she is going to have a good time." We looked over the couch to see the brown-haired beauty walk towards the portrait hole with Archie in tow. Lily grinned whilst I made a retching sound. "Sweet." "Disgusting." Lily sighed. "I wish I could snog someone." I raised an eyebrow. 'Way to be blunt,' I thought, glancing down her empty cup, 'Ah, I see why.' "You could snog James," Alice suggested with a wiggle of her eyebrows. I laughed at her expression and she pushed me away playfully. "No, thanks," Lily said darkly, her eyes sweeping over the room to glare at the person in question. "Where is he anyways?" Alice remarked, looking around as well, "Usually, he would already be around you with the most cheesiest lines ready." "No idea, not interested either," the red-haired said off-handedly but I noticed her still glancing around the room. Roaming the room with my own eyes I quickly found James' that were surprisingly already set on me with that same thoughtful look he had back in front of the girls' locker room when I had told him to be civil. His lips quirked up in a slight smile and he nodded at me, raising his own cup slightly. I raised my eyebrow in confusion before I heard Lily huff in annoyance in front of me, decisively turning her back on the messy-haired boy. So, he was looking at her. Right. I shook my head slightly. "Arrogant toe-rag," Lily muttered under her breath but loudly enough for us to hear. "Oh, come on, Lils," Alice said, "He's been acting real nice lately. Not pestering you that much nowadays." "Doesn't change anything," Lily retaliated quickly, "He's probably just cooking up another nonsense way to ask me out and embarrass me in front of the entire school again." "Yeah, probably," I agreed, having thought the same before as well. I was just glad he didn't try anything at the Quidditch match. Looking back over at the boy I noticed him still watching, Sirius next to him now with slightly dishevelled but still annoyingly perfect hair. "Mate, have you been anywhere near Evans this night at all?" Sirius asked as they stood at the snack table on the other end of the room from the girl. "Nope, Padfoot. But I see you have been somewhere near a girls' knickers," James commented. "You know it," Sirius winked, causing his mate to roll his eyes good-naturedly, "But don't try to distract me. What's up with you?" "I've told you already." "So, you are really taking that 'Be civil' thing siriusly?" "Yes," James said, his eyes not once leaving the back of the red-haired beauty, watching out carefully in case some dude tried to flirt with her. At the silence of his mate though he risked a glance over at him. "I didn't think you would actually pull through with it," Sirius muttered thoughtfully, "But it's almost midnight and you haven't even asked her out to Hogsmeade once, yet." "Nah, I think I'm gonna have some me-time," James stated optimistically. "Me-time?! What are you, a girl?" Sirius asked, causing his best mate to glare at him. "Or we could just hang out at the Three Broomsticks with Moony and Wormtail like always," James suggested. "Yeah, sounds better. I fear if I leave you alone with your thoughts, you are going to change into a complete different person." "Change is not that bad, you know." "Sure…," Sirius trailed off. "And I mean, it's not like I'm changing anything besides the way I try to get Evans' attention. You act like I'm a whole different person now, Padfoot." "It feels like you are, Prongs," Sirius said before barking out a laugh at the given look, "I'm just joking. But if you are changing tactics, I'm all for it. In fact, I like this indifferent, laid-back Prongs more than the sappy, lovesick Prongs." "Oi, I'm not sappy!" "Please," Sirius said, giving him the look. "Alright, I get it," James grumbled. "Anyways, I think you should take a step further," Sirius said, placing a hand on his shoulder and leaning closer. "What do you mean?" James asked, leaning back. "Go out with someone." "…what?" "Go. Out. With. Som-" Sirius stated slowly. "I heard you just right," James cut him off, irritated, "What the hell are you on about? I didn't say I would give up on Evans!" "And I'm not telling you to!" Sirius reassured quickly, "I'm just saying that if you want this new tactic to work and make it actually believable you will have to go out with someone else. You know, make her see what she is missing and what she could have had…make her come to you." "Evans…coming to me…?" James wondered, daydreaming about his favourite flower walking up to him shyly with her shining red hair billowing in the wind as she clutched her books to her chest, stopping nervously in front of him to ask him out, "You think she would do that?" he asked almost breathlessly. "I know she would, mate!" Sirius replied confidently, "She will regret ever rejecting you!" James grinned toothily, sipping on his drink as his throat had gotten dry at some point of his imaginations. He deflated soon into a pout though, "Who do I ask out who won't reject me though?" Sirius stared at him incredulously before he realised his mate was actually serious, blissfully unaware how many dreamy gazes he was receiving all the time, "Mate, I don't think that's going to be a problem." "Yeah?" "Please, even the girls from the team can hardly concentrate on the pitch with you around…and me, of course," Sirius winked as James shot him a surprised look, finishing his drink in one go, "Now let's see, who could be a potential candidate for the best mate in the whole school…" But James had already set his eyes on one particular girl sitting by the fire. Comments are deeply appreciated.
Chapter 2 "Get up, it's Hogsmeade time!" Marlene shouted and I felt something soft hit the back of my head. "Nrnngh," I grumbled, snuggling my face further into my pillow. "Come on, we only have this day and we have to eat breakfast, too!" "Fine," I sighed, rolling off the bed. "So, what's the plan for today?" I asked as we trudged down the hill towards the village after we handed in our permission slips to Filch. "I need to go to the Hairdressing Salon for a new haircut," Marlene announced, tightening the scarf around her neck as a rather cool breeze drifted around us. Groaning, I held her back by the elbow, "Are we going to spend all day in a salon? That's a total waste!" "Oi, taking care of my hair is not a waste. And maybe you two should get a haircut, too," Marlene pointed out, causing Lily and I to splutter in protest. "Excuse me, why do I need a haircut?" Lily asked, reaching up to touch her hair. "It's way too long and unpractical, you always need hours for a Straightening Charm to work," the dark-haired girl explained matter-of-factly, "And yours, dear Cecily, is way too long and asymmetrical. It's as if you are cutting your hair yourself." I kept quiet, wondering how she had figured that out as I touched my straight, light-brown hair a bit self-consciously. "Whatever, I don't want to spend all day in a hair salon," I said defiantly, "Besides, I need to get to Honeydukes to get all kinds of candy." "What for?" "For myself mostly…and for Madam Pomfrey." My two dear friends both came to an abrupt halt. "You are trying to bribe her?" Lily laughed and I gave her a shrug, "What else can I do?" They just shook their head, "What do you think would be her taste?" "Cec, you are going to Honeydukes. You won't find anything that will not be to anyone's taste," Lily stated, and I had to agree. "The shop is across the hair salon," Marlene informed as we reached the village, "You go to there and I will get my hair done in under an hour. Promise!" "Fine. And we go to the Three Broomsticks after?" "Deal." We parted ways with Marlene, Lily deciding to roam around Honeydukes with me to avoid sitting in the salon and possibly getting a hair cut without wanting to. The bell jingled as I opened the wooden door and I took in the scent of mixed sweets, "Ah, I'm in heaven." "Agreed," Lily said with a smile. I looked around the many rows of chocolate, gummies and other kinds of teeth-rotting sweets. "Now that I think about it, a Healer would probably not like unhealthy food like this, would they?" "Please, she is not a dentist. No one can resist these goodies," Lily said, devouring a toffee with a satisfied hum as she handed me one, "Definitely not." I resolved to pick up a bit of each sweet, resulting in a steadily growing package. Lily's eyes went wide, "Are you serious?" "No, I'm Sirius," the black-haired boy popped up from behind us out of nowhere, causing us to shriek. "Bloody Hell, Black! I almost dropped my bag!" I cursed, adjusting my grip on the sweets. Sirius raised his eyebrow as he took a peek inside, "Is this the aftermath of a break-up?" 'I wish,' I thought, shaking my head wordlessly whilst the other three Marauders came up, each with a smaller bag of their own in their hands. "Hm? The time of the month then?" Remus blanched upon hearing his words whilst James and Peter laughed quietly. "Sirius!" "What? I'm just wondering why she is buying so many sweets just for herself." "It's not for myself. It's to bribe someone," I said deftly before moving further down the lane to inspect the other sweets. "You need to bribe someone?" James asked, following me – or rather Lily, who had left with an eyeroll and was staying a few feet away. "Yep, for a favour." "Excuse me but I think you will have other possibilities to…persuade someone," James said suggestively (and loudly) and I had almost dropped the bag again. "Um, what?" I muttered, turning around to face him only to lean back in surprise upon seeing how close he was. He smirked and it looked kind of…off. My eyes flickered towards his friends, who were suspiciously occupied with whatever was in front of them. "Well…in this case it's an old lady, who will probably be more responsive to chocolate than whatever you are suggesting." "You know exactly what I'm suggesting." I tried to ignore how red my face must have been at this point until he chuckled, scratching the back of his head, "I'm just messing with you, Grant." I breathed out, slapping his arm and turning away, "Good." Too bad. "Now, who is the old lady and what favour do you need? Are you trying to bribe McG for a better grade?" "You say that as if that would actually be possible." "Touché," James mused, watching me pick some Chocolate Cauldrons as he munched on a toffee, "Who is it then?" "Madam Pomfrey," I said, seeing no harm in telling him, "For an internship at the Hospital Wing." A choking sound made me turn around towards him, "You alright there, James?" "Y-yeah," he said, hitting his chest with his fist a few times before he managed to swallow the rest of the sweet, "You-you want to work at the Hospital Wing?" "Yep. I could use the internship for future applications as a Healer," I explained, shifting the bag on my arm as the other ached, figuring it would be enough for now. "Um, is that possible?" James wondered, his face unusually pale as he looked back towards his friends, "I didn't know that." "Yeah, it is possible. My parents were interns during their time here. But ever since First Year, Madam Pomfrey hasn't recruited anyone." "Is that so?" "It's so weird, really," I said mindlessly, munching on a Chocolate Frog, "But I'm gonna try anyway." "Well, good luck with that," James replied with a high-pitched laugh and I looked at him with furrowed eyebrows, "You sure you are alright there?" "Yes!" the messy-haired boy said quickly before clearing his throat, "And if you want to convince her to take you in, you should add another of the Pixie Puffs. Those are her favourites." "How do you know that?" "I have my ways," James winked, dropping a puff into my bag before grabbing it from me, "Come on, I will carry it for you." "Um, thanks?" I asked more than stated, following him towards the cashier. "You are very welcome. Hello Evans," James greeted Lily politely, who was waiting for me at cash desk with raised eyebrows. "Hello…Potter," she said slowly, widening her eyes at me when he had his back turned towards us, standing in the line. 'What's going on?' she mouthed. 'No freaking idea,' I mouthed back before neutralising my expression as the boy with round glasses turned back, "Have you been to the Three Broomsticks, yet?" "Nope. Later, though first I apparently need a haircut," I answered, sharing a look with Lily. "Why is that? Your hair is pretty the way it is," James commented, leaning close once again. "I said 'apparently', Potter," I told him, leaning back once again before gesturing him to move as the line cleared and I was up to pay. "Good, you don't need it." "My thoughts exactly!" James laughed and Lily cleared her throat, catching our attention, "I'm gonna head out and see if Marlene is done. Would you reserve a table at the pub?" I nodded in agreement and she left, not without another look at James. I noticed him watch after her as soon as her back was turned at him, wondering about his weird behaviour. He stayed quiet whilst I paid for the sweets before handing me the bag. "Well, I'm off to the Shrieking Shack. See ya!" And he left with his friends. Well, that was abrupt. The next week consisted of classes, me begging Madam Pomfrey for an internship with a new bag of sweets everyday and James somehow hanging around me outside of class and Quidditch practice. It started with him joining me on study sessions in the library and sitting next to me during breakfast, lunch and dinner or asking to sit with him at the fireplace in the Common Room like right now. I was trudging through the portrait hole with yet another miserable pout as James called out to me loudly, "Grant, come over!" "Hey James," I sighed as I plopped down on an armchair next to the loveseat he was sprawled all over. He pouted playfully, "I wanted you to sit next to me." "How?" I asked, trying to gulp inconspicuously at the lazy smile on his face, "Your limbs are in the way." "There is more than enough space all over me," he said, gesturing towards his body. I blushed deeply, causing his grin to widen, and cleared my throat. "Honestly, James. What's up with you lately?" "What do you mean?" "You've been acting weird, lately," I pondered and watched him shift uncomfortably, "Spending a lot of time with me when we have never talked outside of class and Quidditch before." "What is weird about trying to get closer to a Quidditch member? It raises the team spirit," James retorted. "Raise the team spirit?" I repeated with a raised eyebrow, "We have more than enough team spirit. And I don't see you spending that much time around the other members." "I have priorities," James said. "What priorities?" "You, for one," he replied with a grin. "…Me?" "Yeah, you," James sat up, leaning forward on his knees, "You are close to becoming Chaser No. 1." "What do you mean?" I wondered. "Angie is going to quit after winter break." "What?" "Yes," the brown-eyed boy sighed, running a hand through his already messy hair, "She wants to concentrate on her N.E.W.T.s, so she is leaving the team." "Who is going to be her substitute?" "Archie Stan." "Oh, hell no." "Oh, hell yes." "James, Archie and I don't get along," I hissed quietly, "We can't play together." "You will have to. We will integrate him into Team A practice from the next session on," James explained and smiled at my frown, "Come on. It's not going to be so bad. You could try to get along with him." "It's not my fault. He is the one, who has a problem with me," I complained, crossing my arms, "Trust me, I doubt we are going to harmonise." "You will, don't worry," James reassured me, placing a hand on my knee. I stilled at his touch, feeling the warmth of his palm through the leggings I was wearing, "I'm the Captain. And as a Captain, I'm also the designated mediator of the team." "We are doomed then," I said dryly and he gave me a look, causing me to giggle. "You meanie," he flicked my knee before leaning back against the couch. We talked more about Quidditch, the current league and discussing, which team would win this year until it was well past midnight. I went to bed that night with a giddy feeling in my chest and I went to bed with a giddy feeling for the next few weeks as the evening talks became somewhat a ritual between James and me. We would talk about mindless things such as Quidditch, classes and even the meaning of life. This night, I was a bit late after another visit at the Hospital Wing. I had received a letter of my parents today, expressing their disappointment in me not having started that internship, yet. And of course, I got rejected again by Pomfrey again. "Hey, what's with the long face?" James asked as I arrived in the Common Room. I merely groaned, dropping face first onto the loveseat. "So, Madam Pomfrey has rejected you once more?" James asked and I groaned again. "Thought so," James added and I merely grumbled. "I just don't get why she won't take any interns in," I moaned, turning on my back, "She is so busy, I always see more than ten students every day, she obviously needs help." "Well, maybe that's exactly why. She probably doesn't have the time to instruct someone when she has so much to do." "I don't need much instructing…" I said and he gave me a look, "What, you know it!" "True," he said with a wide smile, causing me to return it. He took my hand in his, squeezing it slightly, "Don't worry. I'm sure she will come around soon." "Maybe…" "Did she take the bag of sweets again?" "Of course, she did." "Dang it, I was looking forward to some Chocolate Balls." I laughed before reaching into my pocket and throwing a ball at him. With his Seeker's instincts he was able to catch it on time before it hit his face, shooting me a mock reprimanding look before unwrapping the sweet. "Are you gonna try again tomorrow?" "Yeah…but I don't even know why I bother," I sighed, "It's not like I even want an internship that much." "Then why do you?" "My parents want me to." James raised an eyebrow. "They are both Healers." "Ah, and they want you to become one, too." "Yep." "…And what do you want?" he asked quietly, leaning on his knees. Sighing heavily, I said, "I just want to play for the Montrose Magpies." "Oh, it's good they are trying to force you to become a Healer then." "Excuse me?" "I'm just joking," James laughed, standing up to sit on the carpet in front of me, "You should pursue that possibility though." "Oh please. The Montrose Magpies are one of the biggest teams in English league- no, you can't convince me otherwise!" I said as he opened his mouth to protest, "They would never take someone from a school's team." "Of course, they wouldn't," he agreed, grinning when I pouted, "But you can start with a smaller team. You know, recruiters always come to watch the second leg of the Quidditch games at spring every year. You might catch someone's eye." "They only look for Seventh Years," I pointed out. "Well, obviously they don't want to be responsible for students dropping out of school," James said with a 'duh' tone, "But it's a possibility for next year. And whilst waiting for that you can continue trying for that internship." "You mean pursue both careers?" "Exactly. Why do you make a choice now what to do in the future when you don't have to, yet?" James reasoned, "You should open as many doors for you as you can and then make a choice when you have to." I stared at the boy in front of me, watching the light of the fire flicker over his face. I had never found anyone as attractive as him in that moment. "James, that's the smartest thing anyone has ever said to me and Professor Dumbledore has taught us for one class when McGonagall was sick for a week." The dark-haired boy threw his head back, laughing and I was almost mesmerised by the twinkle in his chocolate brown eyes. I shook my head slightly, looking away for a second before I gave him a warm smile, "Thank you, James." He nodded, waving his hand dismissively, "Don't mention it." "I'm serious- don't go there," I warned him as he tried to jump on the pun, "That was a really good advice. Where did that even come from?" James shrugged with an almost shy look, "My dad is pretty cool, I guess." I laughed. "He told me somewhat the same when I was telling him that I couldn't choose between Quidditch and Auror training." "Your dad is a wise man." "He sure is." I smiled, later wondering how long we had sat that night simply staring at each other. Reviews are deeply appreciated. Thank you for the ones so far. Not edited, yet.
Chapter 3 "What's going on between you and Potter these days?" Marlene asked as we sat at breakfast together. "Nothing?" I asked back, not missing how Lily's eyes snapped towards me. "It's not nothing," Marlene pressed, "You've been spending an awful lot of time together." "So? Is it that weird that a boy wants to spend time with me?" "Um, yes." I gave her look at her blunt reply. "Well, it's true! You hardly ever have a boy paying so much attention to you. It's interesting." I tried to pretend that her words didn't sting. "Besides, it's Potter! He is in love with Lily." "Well, it's not like we are being romantic in any way," I mumbled into my croissant (except for wishful thinking), "We are just friends." "All of a sudden?" "It just came about. What about it?" I said with an eyeroll. "I'm just saying it's weird," Marlene muttered, "Not only has Potter started hanging around you all the time he has also stopped pursuing Lily. After all these years!" She leaned forward to whisper, "What if he is going to try asking you out from now on?" I almost choked on my coffee, coughing heavily. "Honestly Marlene, your imagination is shocking sometimes," I said with a raspy voice. Marlene huffed, leaning back as she turned her attention back to her food, "Say what you want, I think my theory is not that off." I just rolled my eyes. Lily stayed surprisingly quiet. After dinner, I strolled through the halls with another bag of sweets ready in my hands as I thought over how to convince Madam Pomfrey with more than just repeatedly saying 'please'. Knocking at the big wooden door, I opened to reveal the Hospital Wing surprisingly empty. "Wow, this must be the first time you don't have to tend to a student for once," I made myself known as I walked in leisurely, swinging the bag of sweets in my hands pointedly. "Miss Grant, I do not have time for you. Please leave right now," Madam Pomfrey immediately cut off any attempt from my side. "But you don't have any-" "I'm really serious, Miss Grant," she said sternly, "I do not have the patience for your nonsense. Leave!" I gave her an almost hurt – or rather scared – look when I noticed the curtains drawn around a bed in the far corner of the room. 'Huh, isn't so empty after all.' "Now!" I swiftly followed her orders. Walking back towards the Common Room with a sullen glare at everyone passing by I was surprised to not see James waiting at the fireplace this time. I was even more surprised at the amount of disappointment I felt at the realisation. Sighing heavily, I plopped down on an armchair, deciding that I should wait for him for once, dropping the bag of sweets on the small table. I stared at the fire for a long time, slowly curling myself into the soft leather as a yawn escaped me, thoughts mindlessly passing through my head and before I knew it, my eyes had drifted close. I woke up to the feeling of something warm being draped over me, my lids fluttering back open after what felt like only a minute but was definitely longer according to the dimmed fireplace. I glanced around with drowsy eyes until a figure knelt down in front of me, revealing the one person I had been waiting for. "Hey Grant," the messy-haired boy whispered gently. "Hey James," I muttered back, snuggling further into the blanket, "What time is it?" "Well past midnight," he replied, pushing a strand of hair back that had fallen over my face at my shuffling, "You drooled all over the leather." "Did not," I denied, wiping the corner of my mouth and he chuckled quietly, "Where have you been anyway?" "Just out and about with the lads. You know, causing trouble," he said with grin before his gaze softened, "I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I hadn't expected you to wait this long." "I wouldn't have if I hadn't fallen asleep," I retorted and he smirked, "Sure." I blushed. I really would have left. At some point. For sure. Clearing my throat, I changed the topic, "Where are the others then? And what have you done this time?" "Padfoot and Wormtail are already up…Moony, too," he added hastily and I briefly wondered why he seemed nervous when my gaze flickered over to the window. The moon appeared from behind a cloud, a stark contrast to the black sky. It seemed to have been full last night and descending into the darkness once more; Before it would ascend into a full moon again next month... The scales fell from my eyes. "…And for what we did, you will just have to wait and see…Grant?" James cut himself off when I sat up, wide awake. "Of course," I whispered, finally understanding why Madam Pomfrey denied any internships since First Year. It was because of Remus being a werewolf. . . . Oh, don't act so surprised, I'm not dumb. Even if I hadn't spent much time before with James or the rest of the Marauders before, we were in the same year for Merlin's sake! We had all the classes together and I had Quidditch practice with two members of the infamous group. You think it wouldn't be suspicious at some point how Remus kept getting sick every month like a lady having her period, looking like he got back from war each time like – I repeat – a lady having her period and the Marauders pampering him with chocolate the whole time? Not to mention, how James would always give us one week off from any practice every month, which was more than out of his normal behaviour. It had brought up my suspicions in the first place around a year ago. I confirmed it with one night in at the Hospital Wing during a full moon night, overhearing their conversation consisting of 'bad transformation' and 'Wolfsbane Potion'. If I were to guess, I would say a lot of peeps in our year knew about it or at least suspected that something was off with the sandy-haired boy. "What of course? Hello? Grant? I'm right in front of you and you are ignoring me?" James flicked my forehead. "James," I exclaimed before I deflated slightly, wondering whether it would be a good idea to tell him I knew. He was deeply protective of his friends and hiding this kind of a secret for Remus must be huge for him. "Yes?" he pressed, "What is it?" "Eh…nothing," I said quickly, forcing out a huge and fake yawn, "I have to sleep. Good night!" "Good night…," he called after me slowly as I raced upstairs, the blanket dropped on his head. Now that I knew what held the school's matron back from taking anyone in I would surely get the internship if I told her I knew about Remus' secret already. I settled down in my bed with a giddy feeling that didn't have to do with James for once, finally having found a bright light in the dark tunnel. My wide smile faded slightly though at the thought of the werewolf that was probably at the Hospital Wing right now. Would they ban him from school if they found out that I – and probably others – knew? I was sure, at least Lily would be aware of it being one of the smartest of our year. Not to mention she was a Prefect along with Remus. I felt conflicted. Should I tell and risk him having to leave the school if Dumbledore deemed it too dangerous that too many knew? I could only imagine the amounts of owls flying into his office with Howler's of concerned parents voicing out their protests of a werewolf staying among their children if they were to find out, no matter how sweet of a person Remus was. I couldn't imagine the Headmaster would actually want to kick him out but I also doubted he would be able to fend off the many complaints in this case. Especially since he had kept it a secret for so many years. Sighing heavily, I watched the bright light in the dark tunnel fade into nothingness. The next morning came too soon and with it the pounding headache I woke up to. I refused to get out of bed for half an hour until Lily and Marlene all but dragged me off the bed with my blanket. Trudging after the two chatting nuisances towards the Great Hall, I cheered up slightly at the prospect of food. But upon hearing the noise volume inside the big room, I wish I had just stayed in bed once again, feeling the loud clatter and talking painfully pierce into my temples. "Ughh," I growled, naturally settling down beside James as the girls sat on my other side, wary of my mood. "What's up, Grant?" James greeted me cheerfully. I grumbled through the cinnamon roll in my mouth, "Hfsgr alfit ni dhahrt withd tjwis." He nodded, placing a hand on my shoulder in understanding, "I'm sorry but what?" I sighed, looking away from him only to face the sole reason I didn't manage to sleep last night, looking as bad as I felt. No, scratch that. He looked worse, a deep-set tiredness visible in his usual bright blue eyes. Guilt swapped over me like a wave. Here I was, moody about not being able to appease my parents with an internship I wasn't even sure I wanted when Remus had probably been through a painful night... "Did James bother you again?" the sweet boy asked with quiet amusement, "Don't worry, you will get used to it." I felt ashamed at how he tried to cheer me up when it should be the other way around. 'Merlin, I would suck as a Healer. Better face that sooner than later.' "Oi. I don't bother her. My presence is a gift to her," James boasted, causing his and my friends to roll their eyes, "Right, Grant?" "Sure, you are the light of my life," I said indifferently, now feeling even worse than before as I looked at the chuckling boy in front of me. 'I really shouldn't complain.' Fishing out the reserved chocolate bar from my robes I handed it towards him as "prepayment for the notes of the upcoming classes". The lessons came, saw, conquered and soon enough the sun began to set. I was going to do the routinely visit to Madam Pomfrey when I realised I wouldn't need to do that anymore. Sighing, I almost mourned the money I had spent on all the sweets for the matron and how much was still left for her. 'Meh, might as well end the tradition properly,' I thought to myself but decided to just leave the small bag at the door of the Hospital Wing, not bothering to bother her this time. "You are back early," James announced my arrival loudly as I walked in through the portrait hole, interrupting his talk with Sirius at the fireplace, "How did it go this time?" he asked as he shooed his friend away. The black-haired heartthrob of the school muttered something under his breath before he left with a 'Night, Grant' accompanied with a cheesy smile. "You didn't have to send him away," I pointed out as I plopped down next to him. "It's fine, he was just pestering me," James said dismissively, "Has Pomfrey agreed this time?" "No," I replied shortly, leaning back against the sofa. "Don't worry, she will at some point." "No, she won't...," I trailed off, looking away from his brown eyes, "I will stop asking." "What? Why?" James asked surprised. I shrugged, "I'm just tired of her saying no all the time." "Sure, it can be tiring but you can't give up!" James exclaimed and I glanced at him, wondering why he would keep encouraging this if the future of one of his best friends could be at stake here. "Look, I can assure you it will be worth all the rejections once you get what you've always wanted." "Ah," I hummed, understanding, "you mean Lily." "Yes." "But...haven't you given up?" James blanched, "W-what?" I raised an eyebrow, "I'm just wondering. You've stopped asking her out." "Right...I..have given up on her," the boy said, clearing his throat. Wow. He actually said it. It was one thing assuming he would give up on his proclaimed love of the life and another to actually hear him say it. "How come?" I inquired quietly. James bit his lip. "I'm just tired of her saying no all the time," he repeated my words almost mechanically. I laughed. "Then why are you telling me not to give up?" "Because you haven't tried hard enough." "Excuse me? Honeydukes?" I protested, indignantly. "Yeah, yeah, it's a good start," James agreed with an eyeroll, "But you could change your tactic." "How?" "Help her when she needs it," he said, "You say she is always busy when you go there. Just start helping her out with small things and she might recognise what she is missing." I pondered on his words, seeing no wrong in it. Once again, he surprised with how intelligent he could be if he wanted to. But nonetheless- I sighed, "I will see what I can do." "Good," James nodded, satisfied. I looked at him pensively, "When did you realise it?" "Hm?" he looked at me, "Realise what?" "That you want to give up on Lily?" "I do not want to-," he cut himself off, biting his lip, "I did not want to give up." "But you've realised that you have tried hard enough now?" I asked and his eyes flickered away, nodding slowly. "Yes...," he said, "I have tried enough." I looked into the fire, leaning the side of my head against the couch and keeping silent as he sat beside me, deep in thought. "I mean...it's been so many years," he interrupted the serene quietness around us softly and I peeked at him through the corner of my eyes, "Three years. And she hasn't budged once. Why?" he ran a hand through his hair and I noticed he always did that when he was frustrated. "I did tell you once that you should get to know her more," I told him, "Be civil." "I have been civil!" he said hotly, "I haven't asked her out for over a month, kept our interactions polite with nothing more than a hello and bye. Do you know how hard that was?" My eyes widened at his sudden outburst and he caught himself, biting his lip, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have...you know." "Hey, it's all good. We're friends now, right?" I reassured him, patting his back, "You can let it all out. I'm a good secret keeper." James looked back at me and a tiny smile graced his lips. I tried not to stare at his handsome face for too long. "Thank you, Cecily." "You must have kept it all in for a while now," I mused, watching him rub his eyes. "Yeah, I guess...," he trailed off as he leant back and for once I could catch a glimpse of tiredness in his eyes that hadn't been there before. His lids fluttered close and his tense shoulders slackened. My breath got caught in my throat when I noticed he was starting to relax around me, his guard down when I hadn't even realised it was up. What it revealed would be something I wouldn't have ever thought about him: a small, vulnerable boy, his heart hurting just as much as anyone else's, who would get rejected by their crush. Probably more so since he would hear it multiple times a day. If any boy I had ever dared to ask out - which wouldn't ever happen because I'm not that much of a Gryffindor - and he would say no to me, I would probably crawl into my bed with a bag of sweets from Honeydukes for at least two weeks. Or until the bag was empty. I slapped my hand on his shoulder, causing him to jump with a yelp, "What the hell, woman?" "You are not going to give up, James Potter," I announced gravely, "If you want Lily to become your girlfriend then you are going to do more than try hard enough." "I have-" "I'm talking about more than being civil or throwing fireworks around people's eyebrows." James rolled his eyes, "I told you it wasn't on purpose! Padfoot is lying!" "Whatever," I dismissed him before turning sirius, "You can feel down about it. But you shouldn't ever give up on something you truly want." James sighed heavily. "You have to at least know that you've really tried everything. And I mean, everything. All is fair in Love and War." The messy-haired boy stared at me, his glasses shining slightly from the flickering light of the fire that also started reflecting in his eyes, slowly but steadily, "You're right. I won't give up." "Good," I nodded satisfied. "As long as you don't, either." "Hm?" "You are not going to give up on that internship," James stated, solemnly holding up his little finger, "Pinky promise." Looking from his serious face to his pinky finger, I couldn't help burst, my laughter echoing through the empty Common Room. "OI! Don't laugh at me!" James huffed, still holding his hand up, "This is important." "I know," I said through my giggles, "It just looked funny to me." "Oh, I look funny to you?" James said, amusement glinting in his eyes before he suddenly reached for my waist, fast as the Seeker he was, and I protested loudly when he started tickling me, "I will show you funny!" "James! Stop! No!" I yelped, laughing involuntarily as he kept his tirade up until I was left breathless with laughter, "Please, stop!" "Alright, alright," James chuckled, his face beaming at my own flushed one as I tried to catch my breath, accutely aware of how close he still was to me. His smile faded slightly as we stared at each other. "Now let's try again," he said more quietly, holding up his pinky once more. I giggled slightly but hooked my own around his, feeling slightly bad that I was going to give him an empty promise. "We won't give up. And whoever does, owes the other one wish." Gulping slightly, I nodded in agreement, wondering what he would wish for since I had already given up. And I knew he never would.
